Anthony F. Crudele: Scot, when it comes to the margin, again, what I've laid out in the prepared remarks, I think represents looking at the quarters and really trying to dissect them and understand what transpired in 2013. And remember, as much as the initiatives -- really on an ongoing basis will improve our margin, hopefully, year after year, there are many things that impacted margin during the course of a particular quarter. And obviously, the clearance effort is one of those. So as we analyze that throughout the year, we think that the guidance that we provided is very reasonable relative to the sort of a quarter-over-quarter performance that we expect through 2014. As it comes to guidance, again, we take a very diligent approach to putting together our models. And we believe that our guidance is very consistent in -- to the extent in which we've done it in the past years.
Anthony F. Crudele: Peter, this is Tony. Just a quick snapshot, you can imagine the weather was not as beneficial in October, so that was one of your slower months. When you look at the quarter for us this year, the DAT, day after Thanksgiving shifted into December. So that really distorts those numbers. When I normalize those 2 months, still December comes out as being the strongest performing month in the quarter. So what we see was a real nice trend and we like the trend that continued on into January.
Anthony F. Crudele: Well, as we noted in the Q3 conference call, one of the items I had mentioned was the stem mile increase as we move out West. That was a gross margin impact item. So I had carved that out. And then in addition, the 2 to 3 other items that I mentioned in the prepared remarks added to that number. So that's how we got up to the $0.05 to $0.06.
Anthony F. Crudele: Denise, this is Tony. In the past, as we've looked at those numbers, C.U.E. has grown very substantially. And we expect it to continue to grow, but it becomes a little bit less of an impact. One, because of the deflation. And just again, the sort of the law of large numbers. So we'll continue to grow C.U.E. It's a focus, obviously. And then, of course, as we put initiatives around it, we could become much more efficient as we either move the goods and/or manage -- maintain price and do our price management initiatives around it.
Anthony F. Crudele: No, it's not. As you move forward and as Greg alluded to, we're constantly going to be investing in the business. There are going to be some years where some of the investment may not be realized until subsequent years. There may be a year like this year where we're going to be moving to the Store Support facility. And those relocation costs and transition costs tend to be -- will be a little bit more impactful this year. So I look at it as a growing business and just continue to make those types of investments that provide us the scalability as we can continue to move forward.
Anthony F. Crudele: Adam, this is Tony. Definitely, the deflation is the most significant impact relative to our outlook on comps. As I've stated earlier, it could have between an inflation of over 100 basis points this year versus 100 next year of deflation. You could have almost a 200-point swing. So that really is the main driver in lowering our comp guidance. And so we believe that, that's really the most impactful number.
Anthony F. Crudele: This is Tony. When we look at that and obviously studied it prior to being passed, we really believe that there's no significant impact on the business. Again, in the past, a lot of people like to associate farmers and how well they're doing in a particular area to impacting the business. But again, we serve a lifestyle. We serve the rural lifestyle, and that is the preponderance of where our business comes from. And right now, we don't see that customer acting any differently than they have over really the last 2 years.
Anthony F. Crudele: Sure. When it comes to '13, we looked overall about 70 basis points. I think going into the fourth quarter, we anticipate it to be maybe about 100 basis points on a full year basis. But with the deflation that we experienced in Q4, it wound up to be about 70 basis points for the full year. As we look out into 2014, when we say a range of deflation of about flat to 100 basis points. Again, that's on average for the full year. We expect the first half of the year to be at that higher end of that range, say, around obviously 80 to 100% -- 100 basis points. And then tailing off in the back half, seeing a little bit closer to flattish. Let's say 0 to 20 basis points in the back half of the year.
Gregory A. Sandfort: John, Greg. This is a great -- It's a great question. And as we track our customer counts in stores, we would have to tell you that there's got to be some new customer acquisition happening because we look at our units that we sell in some of these C.U.E categories and some of these commodity categories. And year-over-year, by having the types of increases we're seeing, it leads us to believe that there's considerable movement with new customers coming through the front doors. I'll also tell you, though, that as you know our customer base, when it gets cold outside, they respond and they typically do a bit of pantry-filling on certain products because the fear of the cold weather and so on. So it's a combination of both.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, we learned several things. One is that there is considerable opportunity over the longer period of time for our customers. They like to go online and they like to research. And they typically come into the store to make the purchase. The second thing I'll tell you is that we got a lot of work to do in that space. We are still in the early stages of a lot of the platform initiatives that are going to make it a much friendlier site to shop and a more full site as far as selections and that to [ph] shop. So I can tell you initial learnings are that there is potential. Initial learnings that our customers are receptive to it. Initial learnings are that we've still got a lot more work to do, and we'll speak more to that as we get into 2014.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Mike, let me take a shot at that. This is Greg. I would tell you that we talk about longer-term investment because as the business grows, it's changing. And the demands are different from 700 stores to 1,000 stores to 1,500 stores and such. And you have to be more precise. You have to have the information to make good decisions. So we're putting in the systems that allow us to gain that scale and then hopefully, over time, that efficiency in the payback comes. We believe it will. So yes, as you grow larger, the demands on your sophistication and levels that you have to operate by, from a granularity standpoint, do change. So I would say, that's some of the drag, yes.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Not at all. As a matter of fact -- again, as I said, we track our units very closely in all of our categories. And as we continue to see units rising, even through the deflationary periods, gives us great confidence that we're taking market share. So no, not at all.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Matt, this is Greg. First of all, our customers are buying across the store online, that includes some big ticket items as well as items that can be either drop-shipped from the vendor or shipped from our distribution point in Franklin, Kentucky, UPS. So there's no preference either way. It's a good mix. They also were very willing and they understand that it costs money to ship something to them, so whether it's an LTL charge or it's a UPS charge, they seems to be a very willing to absorb that.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Denise, this is Greg. No, we have not. Good steady business, good customer response to the offerings we have out there. So no, we really haven't seen anything change.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Right. Yes, I think when you look at the numbers, there's one key number and that's the tax impact. And so as we go into that year, go into 2014, some of the headwind that we have around that relative to WOTC and some of the FIN 48 reserve release last year. If you back up and look at just operating income, I still think that we're in the mid teens. Obviously, as we go into a new year, we're looking at a modeling, where we're making sure that we address all the key expenses as we go through that year, of course, we want to -- we do our best to manage against that budget and try to exceed expectations. So we will work hard throughout the year, but we believe that our target still is to stay in the mid-teens. And we put together an operating model for next year that we believe that we can achieve and that is very reasonable. And hopefully, as we more through the years with our initiatives and our eye on cost, we'll be able to achieve better results.
Gregory A. Sandfort: This is Greg, Adam. We are forecasting that in sometime in '15, we're going to have to have a new distribution center up functional because the store base will be large enough to support it. So that's our target for right now -- sometime in '15.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Thank you, operator. While our first quarter has gotten off to a good start with the cold weather, let me remind you that March is the most impactful month in the quarter and is very dependent on our spring weather. I want to thank all of those who are invested in Tractor Supply, and I want to personally thank all our team members out there who serve our customers daily and who drive our results. At Tractor Supply, it's always all about the people. Thank you, and we look forward to speaking to you again on our next call regarding our first quarter performance of 2014.
Steve K. Barbarick: Peter, this is Steve. I would tell you that we've got a great track record, of 23 straight quarters of continued comp transaction growth. The initiatives that we have out there around new products, C.U.E. items, things we do with localization. I think we're just continuing to get ongoing traffic. I think as we become national, word-of-mouth gets out. And we've been doing a really nice job bringing new customers in. We're really a one-stop shop for our customer in the lifestyle. So we anticipate continued growth.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, this is Steve again. I mean, we've got 4 major buckets when it comes to driving sales in our stores. And we've got a pretty full test program that we've got a number of categories that we're rolling out right now. We work at them, we test them and we roll. And I would tell you that, that bucket is full. We've got some great learning in '13 that we'll apply to '14. We'll continue to support our C.U.E business. And I will tell you that we'll do more investment when it comes to inventory into those categories. We're going to expand assortments. We're going to be priced right locally, and there's a number of key initiatives that we've got going on within C.U.E. We're still at the forefront of localization, and I believe we've got a lot more upside on opportunity there. You heard Greg talking about some of what we did with our planograms down south, leaving them on year-round. You heard a little bit about what we've done with heating. And just one other quick example is when we looked at our cat litter business, we know there are pockets of the country that do incredibly well with it, and we are expanding our assortments in key geographical areas. So I don't want to get too specific here, but I would tell you that we've got a lot of confidence in what we're doing going forward.
Steve K. Barbarick: No. No, we're not, Dave. As a matter of fact, [indiscernible] seem to be very similar pattern-wise from what they were earlier in the year.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, Matthew, this is Steve. It's a similar lifestyle that we support around the country. But I will tell you that the customers out West do have some unique needs. I mean, we do see a higher concentration of some of the C.U.E. businesses that we sell. We're continuing to modify our assortments. The more we learn out there. We went in fairly localized, but we didn't go in as good as we could be, and so we're continuing to tailor our assortments. But a lot of good learnings up to this point and we'll continue to learn as we get more data.
Steve K. Barbarick: It's a good question. We had talked last year. And obviously, there are other companies that experienced a much longer tailwind from the hurricane, especially one as destructive as Sandy was. But we generally have our pickup in the front end, actually, before the hurricane with the hurricane preparedness. And then usually for a month to 6 weeks after, we'll experience the most significant lift. So as we looked at the numbers in Q4, the greatest impact really was in the October timeframe. And tailed off fairly dramatically as we moved into the November timeframe. So there would be very little impact that we would cycle into the first half or first quarter of 2014.
