Steve K. Barbarick: The only thing I would add to that, John, is that a lot of the outside product that we have, especially for the North, we delayed some of those purchases. Those stores have product now. They're locked and loaded and ready to go. And again, it's the value of being somewhat of a nimble company and being able to react to what we're seeing out there in terms of weather conditions.
Steve K. Barbarick: Chris, this is Steve Barbarick. You heard from Tony and Greg that January and February actually started off pretty strong. And a lot of that we gave back in March. So if you look at the C.U.E. categories, and Tony made reference to this in his opening comments, they continue to perform very well. We continue to believe we're picking up market share in a number of those categories. We continue to broaden our assortments, make sure we're priced right, and we are a dependable suppliers. So we feel very good about where we're positioned there.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, in terms of working with our supplier community, we have weekly calls with our key suppliers when we go into spring. They see this, not only with Tractor Supply, but with a lot of their other customers. Because of our purchasing power, we're typically prioritized, and we haven't seen any real hiccups or supply chain issues relative to those goods that we've delayed.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, we typically talk about the C.U.E. business in general. And we've always talked a little bit about the fact that when it comes to livestock feed and some of the other categories, we go into a community, and there is a lot of people who carry what we have, but we offer a different experience. We put it all under one roof. We're open typically more hours and more days, and our customers tend to gravitate to us that way. So we think there's a variety of categories where we continue to win, and we will continue to make sure that our assortments are right, that we're priced right and that we're a dependable supplier.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, absolutely. This is Steve again. We do see opportunity with the outside of our stores, and we continue to test and try new things. Last year, we got more into live goods, bag mulches and soils that are outside. We've got a number of stores right now that we're testing an ability where customers can go directly into the yard without going through the door first. And we'll see how that pans out for us as we get through the spring season here, because it's a relatively new change that we made. We have also got forage product, which we didn't have a few years ago, that's outside. And we have got some other new things that we're testing out there as well in terms of product. So we recognize that this could be a potential opportunity for us. We've just got to figure out how we get customers in there, comfortable in that area, open those doors. And while we don't have an awning today, we believe there's more potential as well. We will continue to test and try, I can promise you that.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, this is Steve again. There's always a lot of learning with the evolution of a retail store and chain. And I would tell you that over time, and I've been with the organization -- this is my 17th year. We've seen a change and a modification in our customers and their behavior. We talked a little bit about our lifestyle customer. They tend to live closer to our stores. They tend to buy more convenience-type products. There's a reason we've had multiple quarters of comp transaction growth, and we believe a lot of that is bringing in new customers because of the products that we're carrying in our stores and how we're marketing them. So we've talked about gardening products. We've talked a little bit about pet products. And there's other categories that are at our store that are more broad-based, and we're getting the word out on those categories, bringing in new products and expanding our lines, without necessarily disenfranchising our core customer, because I think you can do both at the same time. Recently, Greg mentioned that we did a test on one of the segments that we have. It was a personalized test with touch points in digital, e-mail, along with direct mail. And of the groups that we talked to within the segment, we saw positive ROI with each one in their shopping behavior back to us. And that gives us confidence, that as we move forward with an affinity program in '15, that it's going to work and pay dividends for us in the future. We've also made a strategic hire, a Director of Customer Marketing, a position we didn't have before. And we believe that, that will add tremendous value for us in the future as well.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, I'll talk to the loyalty program. We call it an affinity program here. Again, this is about capturing data from our customer, bringing them to an opt-in position with us and then communicating with them over the course of time, the way they want to be communicated to, that's relevant to their lifestyle and their needs. We haven't put a dollar amount to it at this juncture. We're still in the process of the RFP and trying to understand all the dynamics of that. But at the end of the day, we want to get to know our customer better, and whether that be the content that they want to see online, how they want to be talked to and what kind of -- what they're looking for from Tractor Supply Company. We believe we've got a customer base out there that wants to be more engaged with us, and this will open the opportunity for us to do so.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, this is Steve, I will tell you that this is a culture of being relentlessly dissatisfied. I can tell you, we're probably not happy with the majority of the inside of our store, and we think we've got upside just about everywhere. So the merchant team, working with our space planning team, is looking at every square inch, every peg, every 4-way and every shelf to optimize the opportunity. So I would tell you, yes, we're still working on it.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes, John, I didn't give specifics on those because it's very hard to sort of pull those out. Obviously, we have a lot of different factors to consider, such as what is the pent-up demand if a store is closed on the next day and how much of a supply chain disruption would have impacted those stores in being closed. So it's definitely a much smaller amount relative to those 2 that we stated specific numbers for.
Anthony F. Crudele: No, one thing I would add to that, because I think there is value in this, is that there are some discretionary categories like bird feeding, that when the prices do come down, you get a lot more people that are interested in it. And if you look at our comp transaction growth, we continue to see a lot more footsteps in the door. And I think that there's value over that because we have seen it over time. It's not like this has been a short window of deflation.
Anthony F. Crudele: And Chris, this is Tony, clearly, when you look at the numbers, the dropoff that we saw in March was related to the seasonal categories. And so as Steve alluded to, the C.U.E. items really were very strong throughout the entire quarter.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes, as we've talked in the past, the inflation, deflation is most impactful on some of our higher-turning categories. Depending on how the product or the prices increase throughout the year, there is the potential that we could have some slight inflation in the fourth quarter. But currently, as we see it -- and again, our forecasting is based on this point in time, looking at today's prices compared to what we're cycling for the rest of the year, and that's how we'll generate our forecast. But right now, we see the prices increasing. It hasn't had that dramatic of an increase. We're still anticipating on a full year basis that we will be somewhere between the flat and 1% in deflation.
Anthony F. Crudele: Chris, it's Tony. Real quick, we estimate there was about 25 closed store days last year in the first quarter. So obviously, a significant larger number. And the one takeaway that I would have on the January, February timeframe is that the business could have been even stronger than it was if it wasn't for some of the store closures and the disruption in the supply chain. So we're really pleased with the way the business has performed in January and February. And again, with a cold March, we would expect sales to be a little bit softer.
Anthony F. Crudele: Chuck, this is Tony. We definitely like to get off to a quick start. There are some significant benefits, but obviously, a full year of productivity with a new store will benefit the full year. Since we opened so many stores on a year-over-year basis, I don't think it will have a dramatic impact. But clearly, in our model, where service is a key driver and it continues to drive additional footsteps as we become more aware in a particular community, it clearly will help drive some incremental sales for the full year.
Anthony F. Crudele: Well, as we had alluded to in the prepared remarks, when we see the weather break, the customer clearly responds. And so as we have had warmer -- the warmer trends in some of the areas of the country, the consumer has responded actually very well. And that's what's giving us the indications that the weather pattern this year is relatively consistent with what we experienced last year. And as we went through last year, we saw the real expedition of sales in the May timeframe. So we feel that we're tracking very close to our expectations, given the weather pattern that we've experienced though March and into April. And I would tell you that it is trending positive relative to our March sales pattern.
Anthony F. Crudele: Sure, Scot. This is Tony. As we talked about in the past, our model, when we approve a store, were driven based off of a 10-year discounted forecast -- discounted model. And we set a hurdle rate. So when we look at a particular store, as much as you like to have that higher-volume store, the key is going to be the bottom line results and how much cash it throws off over that period of time. So as we move out in California, generally, you're going to have much stronger sales base. And obviously, the rents are going to be much, much higher. What we see, and the only difference between a store in the Southeast and a store in California or the Southwest, is the various ramps. So as we have a significant ramp in a store with, say, $100,000 of rent, you can really start to drop that to -- the profit, to the bottom line. In California, again, you start with a higher base, and if you have that acceleration, again, you can really start to leverage those fixed expenses. So the model will work very consistently throughout. Payroll is a little bit higher out West, as well as the supply chain. And obviously, we'll start to cure that as we develop a Southwest distribution center over the next 1.5 years. So when we look at it across the board, again, it really is centered on making sure that we meet their hurdle rate when we approve a store. After that point in time, on an aggregate basis, the stores will perform fairly consistently.
Anthony F. Crudele: No, it actually -- right now, just based on the stores that we've had out there -- and we've had California stores actually since 2004. I would tell you that they perform consistently with those on the East Coast.
Anthony F. Crudele: Sure. This is Tony. When we look at it -- and again, when we analyze gross margin and the improvements, there is a lot of overlap. So if I were to break it down, we -- because of the -- deflation was obviously the largest. Then when we look at imports, I would probably categorize as next. Depending on how you break out the price optimization piece, because again, there is a portion in which we manage deflation through the price optimization. I would probably say that falls in -- as your second category and -- or second or third category. And then the way we manage the clearance throughout the quarter. And again, some of that is the improved management and the tools that we're using, as well as the weather giving us the ability to be able to clear with less markdowns. So it's difficult to rank them, and I think that once you get past the deflation, those categories for the most part are all in about the same ballpark.
Anthony F. Crudele: Generally, when it comes to our initiatives around price optimization, strategic sourcing, they have been fairly consistent. My one hesitation on that question is around the markdowns, because obviously, a lot of it has to do with how much inventory we're buying, how the season ends and then obviously, then the tools that we have around that to try to maximize the clearance. So I would look at a couple of those as being very consistent. But when it comes to the markdown management, that is going to vary from quarter to quarter.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes, when it comes to that, we had obviously 2 days last year, and it obviously was the sort of the buildup to Easter. We are closed on Easter Sunday. So we actually lose that comp day, which does match up between the quarters. So there is no change in comp days through the quarter. So you're really looking at just a fairly limited impact when it comes to that subsequent Monday because there is a pent-up demand, since we're closed on Sunday, and those 2 days before. So net-net, between the 2 quarters, you're probably looking at around low double digit, you know, maybe 10 basis points.
Anthony F. Crudele: Matt, Tony. Our capital spending is very consistent with what we had anticipated going in. And we continue to make investments in several different areas, in particular e-commerce. And then as we move forward through the second half of the year, we'll be making investments in our clearance optimization, as well as in demand planning. So those are 3 of the big ones, as well as, I guess, a fourth would be the CRM that Greg talked about as well in his prepared remarks. So when we look at the first quarter, one of the variables that occurred is, if you remember, back at the end of 2012, we had taken a charge relative to our e-commerce platform. And so as we cycled through into Q1 this year, and we had made some investments last year in our new platform, we started to see that come through to Q1, obviously, in the form of depreciation, whereas we had very minimal last year. So from an impact on the quarter, there was definitely $1 million to $1.5 million of what I would term additional investment that was charged in this quarter versus what we saw last year in the first quarter.
Anthony F. Crudele: We don't provide that information, again, because as we work through technically what is clearance and what the impact is on sort of price optimization or what the impact price optimization had on the clearance -- some of the mix changes, I don't think it would benefit to try to quantify specifically. Net-net, you're going to be somewhere in the -- again, just the low double-digit territory.
Anthony F. Crudele: All right, Adam, this is Tony. Just to give you the background, when we went into Q2 last year, obviously, April was the softest month and the significant spike occurred in May. And then a strong June, but not in the same ballpark as the strength of May, but still a very strong performance in June. As we move into this quarter, as we've said before, it appears as if we're running the same pattern. And so that's what we're looking at and anticipating as we move into Q2. The one big advantage we had last year, and again, we're very hopeful that trend will continue, is it was not only a delayed spring but an extended spring and it even moved into Q3. And we had a very strong July and August. So that will be a key. And again, one of the main drivers is the moisture that's in the ground. Obviously, rainfall that occurs through the second quarter will be beneficial as well to drive that spring into Q3.
Anthony F. Crudele: Eric, this is Tony. Just to tag on to what Steve said. We have been very deliberate in our approach to the loyalty program. And it all centers around designing something that the customer wants and isn't necessarily something that would degregate [ph] margin. So when we look at that and design that, we want to be very careful, because we understand that we're a destination store. And it's not as critical to try to entice people to come into our -- into the store. So the design is going to be very critical for it to be successful, so that we can capture information about our customer and be able to correspond with them.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes, Gary, Tony. The spring assortment and seasonal categories will generally be a higher margin and will be beneficial. My only caveat would be strong riding lawnmower season, which tends to be well below chain average. But we obviously love to get that customer in because then we turn them into hopefully a customer for life, and we can service their repairs and their other needs relative to that. So we anticipate right now a reasonable season that generally will correspond from a margin standpoint to the prior year.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Michael, it's Greg. Here's why we're confident. We've seen, as we say in here at the office, we've seen this movie before. We've been here before, seen how the seasons can develop like this, with a much cooler early spring, and business kind of pushes and shifts backward. Now the obvious question probably will be, well, will you be able to capture that business as it is coming later. And our belief is that we will. We have seen this in years past historically, and so we're not concerned at this point that the opportunity for forward sales is -- it's still there. So we feel pretty good about that.
Gregory A. Sandfort: There are always those points in time, but it's too early in the season to make that call. What we are confident with is what we're seeing right now in the markets where the weather has improved, where the weather is starting to break. There's another thing I should mention, too, is that the levels of moisture that are out in the market today, there's only a couple of places in the country, the severe Western part of Texas and some of the California area is where there's some drought. Other than that, the weather maps that we look at and we track, that moisture level is going to occur. It's there in some places already. And when the snowmelt occurs, that's going also be a nice plus for us, and that's going to continue this shift to that business a little bit longer. So I'd say that I'm not concerned. I mean, last year, the spring weather extended. I think we're going to see the same thing this year.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yes, I would say that no, that would not the case. We sell -- our products -- customers are buying needed products. If you have animals, you have to feed them, you have to care for them. And Michael, the only time that I could say you may see someone do a little bit of front-loading, or we call it pantry filling, is when we may get very aggressive on price in a certain promotional window. And as you well know, we run only about 15, 16 rotations of promotion a year. So that is -- it's just not our -- it's just not our model.
Gregory A. Sandfort: You're absolutely correct, Peter. There is very strong regional strength in that category. And I think Steve and the team did a great job this year with the lineup of products. I think, in the store side, Lee would echo that comment. And that gives us some confidence, knowing that the moisture levels are what they are as we move further North, that you're going to need to have probably either that machine or you're going to be buying parts, some replacement parts for a machine you have. So we think the category is going to perform fine for the year. We will not, today, tell you that we think it's going to be anything more than it probably was maybe a year ago. It's too early, again, to make that call. But we're encouraged with the early business that we're seeing in the markets where we have the weather.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, I would say that you've got -- it's a very small percentage of stores that were closed for any significant period of time. But the disruption of -- just for example, if you open a store at 8 in the morning, which is our typical opening time, and then the weather hits and the store has to close by 10 or 11 and we lose the sales for the remainder of that day and maybe possibly the next day, those are the kind of impacts that in the Upper Midwest and the Northeast we faced considerably in the month of March. Not so much -- we had some of it in February, but a lot of it in March with those storms coming through. And then on top of that, Chris, if you can imagine, the manufacturing base also experiencing issues, where they couldn't even -- could not ship the product from their locations either to our DCs or to our stores to replenish. So we had a bit of a moving target through that 6-week period there, dealing with a lot of that shift. But it was primarily the, we call them, regions, I think, 2, 4, and 5. It's, say, the part of Michigan across Pennsylvania up into the Northeast, which really -- and the latter part of the spring season is where we see a lot of our outdoor power equipment businesses and things of that nature and we will still see that business. So the disruption was short term. We've lived through it. We've worked our way through it. We're comfortable with our forward assortments. And I think we've got that opportunity to capture the sales yet.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, as a percent of sales, it will probably come down, I think, now that we've seen what's happening. But remember, we made a conscious decision to make that shift due to the movement of Easter. And we also anticipated that we could have a bit of an extended spring, which is exactly what we are now seeing. So as a percent of sales, it will probably be a little less than what we initially planned. But for the half, it will be relatively the same, probably be on plan.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Okay, let's take it in 2 steps. The DC closures, you have to put it in perspective to -- into 2 buckets here. One is closure of the DC due to weather and our inability to operate because the team members can't get there, and secondly, the inability of the manufacturers to move product by truck, which typically how it comes to us to the DC. So we've got 2 variables working here. It's hard to say how many absolute stores. I can tell you that probably 3 of our regions were most affected, some in the Southwest, some in the Northeast. Primarily, though, the 2 areas, it's kind of where that swath of weather kept coming through. It would come from the Southwest and sweep up through the Northeast, hit a little bit in the Midwest. So it really hit 3 of our buildings. So if I look at that, they've got to serve somewhere probably around 450 stores, in that range. Now it didn't affect every store every day, depending upon the days that these storms came through and the disruptions. But it was quite disruptive, I will say that. As far as the deleveraging on that Southeast DC, we're going to cycle through that here as we get through the summer period, to get through the June, July, when we opened that building a year ago. So that's -- they're going to be behind this year shortly.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Matt, this is Greg. I believe that when you have the temperatures to sell spring/summer product, the traffic count typically from -- and what we've seen historically is there. It can be fairly violent, meaning that it can come quick, fast and furious, in a matter of 10 days to 2 weeks to maybe stretching to 3 weeks, depending upon how late that temperature impact occurs. We're expecting some of that, honestly, in the Northeast, where there's still snow on the ground. And it's going to be probably mid- to late-May scenario, but the big impact of what I look at when I look at ticket and looking at is traffic, traffic count. And the fact that our footsteps were up in that first quarter, and we continue to see strength in that footstep. When this weather does open up, and it will, we do not anticipate that, that's going to slow at all. As a matter of fact, it should accelerate.
Gregory A. Sandfort: It could move back a little bit with the sale of a lot of big-ticket product. That is true. We know that. We manage to that. But I would tell you that the average ticket will also move up. So we'll start to see a little bit more leverage and SG&A cost. So it's kind of there's good guys and bad guys in that mix. But we anticipate that. We plan for that now, and we've recalibrated for that. So I feel, I'm fairly confident that it could be a little later, but it will still come.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Jon, I would tell you -- this is Greg. I would say to you that again, we don't talk in specific state, but I can say that in the Deep South and in the South, where temps have warmed and they were much cooler earlier and kind of somewhat suppressed customer demand, the business is opening up. And we're very encouraged with what we're seeing. As Steve said earlier, the number of new programs that are out there in the stores that are really temperature sensitive. And I think anyone that's in some of these businesses will tell you the same. So comfortable, confident that we've got a good trend going there, and we believe that trend will just continue to move north as temperatures warm.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Adam, this is Greg. On some of the initiatives and some of the capital outlays, Tony mentioned about demand planning for the latter part of this year. I mentioned earlier in my comments about some of the work we did in CRM early in the quarter. And now we'll be working towards '15 for some of that implementation. The headquarters building, our Store Support Center, will be completed and will begin occupancy with our first move, sometime probably in July or early August, hopefully, to have everyone under one roof by the end of the year. But again, that all depends upon how smooth the first move takes place. But right now, I think everything that we're working through and working on from a spend standpoint is coming -- falling within the plan. We've got some things we're doing in the distribution network as well. So I think we're in good shape.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Eric, this is Greg. I'll talk about the online for a moment. We mentioned in our prepared remarks about drop shipment, and what we saw was the consumer still having a need for certain fall/winter products that we were already starting to exit in the 4-wall store, but they took full advantage of because they were available through the drop ship program with certain vendors online. That was a bit of a surprise but a great learning for us. It helps us extend some of the seasons with no risk. The mobile business, we don't have -- we have a mobile site that is capable now. But we're seeing people come through the mobile, some type of mobile platform, into our website and exchange, not only information with us, looking to exchange commerce. So we've got some interesting things happening. It's still very early for us. There's still lots of learning. But we're excited about what we're seeing.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Okay, thank you, everyone. In closing, I'd like to thank all of you who are invested in Tractor Supply and all of our team members out there living the lifestyle, serving our customers and driving our company's performance. We believe 24 consecutive quarters of comp transaction count growth, and 18 consecutive quarters of positive comparable store sales is evidence that customers are increasingly looking to Tractor Supply as a one-stop shop for rural lifestyle needs, and we continue to strive to be the most dependable supplier of those needs. Thank you for spending time with us today, and we look forward to sharing our second quarter results with you during our next call in late July.
Lee J. Downing: Peter, this is Lee. The range of stores that we have, and we continue to have a mix across the country. So to distinguish between the West and the East is probably not really worthy of the time, but I will say that we continue to perform above our pro forma across the entire network, and we're very happy with those results. So I feel like that seasonally, a new store is not necessarily quite as impacted as some others just because of the new customer base that starts to come in. So we typically plan for that when we see -- when we put our new stores out there.
Lee J. Downing: Denise, I'll take it first. This is Lee. As far as store operations goes, when you start restaging product, it really doesn't hurt a whole lot, because in the Northeast or in the Northern areas where there's still snow on the ground, a lot of that product is outside. So I mean, it actually helps us to restage, so we don't have to try to do work in the snow. So I think it's really actually helpful when we restage the product. So it probably makes us much more productive in stores. I'll let Steve answer the rest of that.
Lee J. Downing: I would tell you that it actually was a significant increase over last year. And it really -- when you look at the various numbers, the occupancy -- increase in occupancy, because of those line items, was the most significant one as far as the deleveraging that we experienced in the first quarter.
