Mary Winn Pilkington: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I hope you enjoyed watching the video of Tractor Supply's year-end review. On the call today are Hal Lawton, our CEO; and Kurt Barton, our CFO. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the call up for your questions. Seth Estep, our EVP and Chief Merchandising Officer, will join us for the question-and-answer session. Please note that we've made available a supplemental slide presentation on our website to accompany today's earnings release. Now let me reference the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the future operating and financial performance of the company. In many cases, these risks and uncertainties are beyond our control. Although, the company believes the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations or any of its forward-looking statements will prove to be correct, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements are included at the end of the press release issued today and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information contained in this call is accurate only as of the date discussed. Investors should not assume that statements will remain operative at a later time. Tractor Supply undertakes no obligation to update any information discussed in this call. Given the number of people who want to participate, we respectfully ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, please feel free to get back in the queue. I appreciate your cooperation. We will be available after the call for follow-up. Thank you for your time and attention this morning. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Hal.
Mary Winn Pilkington: So we’ve hit the top of the hour, but we’ll let the call go just a few minutes longer because our prepared remarks were longer.
Mary Winn Pilkington: Sure thing. For that, we’ll wrap up our call. Thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to speaking to you on our first quarter earnings call in April. I’m around. If anybody wants to reach out, please let me know and we’ll get you on the calendar. Thank you all. Have a great day.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Good morning and thanks for your question. Appreciate you joining the call today. We’re very pleased with the guidance we provided on our comp sales for 2023 to be between 3.5% and 5.5%, very much in line with our long-term guidance range as well. As Kurt said in his prepared remarks, we expect it’ll be a blend of transacts – positive comp transactions and ticket. We do expect inflation will be stronger in the first half, but moderate in the second half. And what I’d say more broadly is, our market that we participate in continues to run reasonably in line with GDP kind of flat to low single digit growth. And we are taking significant share in the marketplace. As we’ve said several times over the last three years, our sales growth, half of that can be attributable to share gain. And we certainly are expecting that to continue in 2023. And the share gain is really a composition of the competitive advantages that we have as well as the investments we’re making in our Life Out Here strategy and the fact that we’re reaching scale on a number of those now, particularly our Fusion and Garden Centers. And they will continue to add material growth to our comps. But again, we’re very positive on our outlook for 2023 and expect the momentum that we exited 2022 to continue into the year.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey, Liz, good morning and thanks for taking the call. I’m sorry, Karen, I apologize, Karen. Karen, how are you this morning? Good morning. You all are right beside each other your name’s alphabetically on my list, so my apologies. But Karen good morning and thanks for your question for joining the call. On the sales growth, as you said, we are in an investment cycle in our business and the thing that we’re excited about is that we’re able to grow earnings as we did last year double digits, and we’re able to grow our sales as we did last year double digits even in the context of an earnings cycle. And we anticipate to continue to grow sales at a significant rate next year as well as our earnings at a significant rate next year, even inclusive of all the capital expenditure and kind of underlying DNA that comes along with that, as well as all the other investments we’re making in the business. But we’re very optimistic and confident in the outlook that we’ve provided. On the mix by category, we’ve roughly talked about discretionary being more like 15% of our business. Big ticket is kind of in the low double digits. There’s a few other categories that would be plus or minus in that discretionary area as well. And I think the way we think about that business is that some categories will have - continue to be negative in their comps but there’s others when it’s seasonally relevant that will be positive. And an example of that is what Kurt articulated in his prepared remarks saying that, our big ticket sales were kind of mid-single digit negative comps. And it was really – there was two sets of categories in there. The kind of discretionary non-seasonal related ones were kind of negative double digits, but then you had ones that were seasonally relevant and there was a demand around those say like log splitters and snow throwers that are also big ticket and could be viewed as discretionary or in our kind of math for discretionary and those blended together to drive a negative single digit – mid single digit comp. And we think it’ll play out that way much of this year. As an example, as we get into the end of Q1 and early Q2 when we had the drought last year that disproportionately affected as we commented last year, things like riders. And we expect those to come back as the drought is abetting in many areas of the country even in spite of the consumer shifting more towards needs based needs based spend. Anyway, thanks Karen, for joining the call. I appreciate the question.
Hal Lawton: Yes, hey Liz. And good morning, and thanks for joining the call. As we've said several times, last year and this year are two biggest peaks in investments. And as we talked about in our enhanced earnings calls a couple of years ago, the first part of this five-year cycle that we're in for our Life Out Here strategy would be towards more the bottom end of our – middle end of our range. And then as we move towards the out years, call it, 2024, 2025, 2026, we see opportunities to increment up on our op margin towards that higher end and kind of get back to a nice leverage across our P&L, let's say, 5 or 10 basis points a year. And really, the biggest determinant of the 10.1% to 10.3% this year would just be the sales range. And if we're up more towards the 5.5, we would expect to leverage more on some of our fixed costs and be more towards that 10.3%. If we're down more towards the 3.5%, we think we'll be more in that 10.1% to 10.2% range as there's a little less leverage on some of our fixed costs. We pull some other levers to kind of manage the business. But certainly, as we look out towards the back half of this five-year investment cycle, we see opportunities for our margin rate to increment up.
Hal Lawton: Yes. So the mix of our remodels in 2023 will be a little different than last year because of the Orscheln acquisition. This year, as we shared in our opening remarks, it's kind of 70 to 80-ish new stores that will open this year. We'll also be integrating the 81 Orscheln stores. Those will be kind of basically a Fusion remodel. And then we'll do around 150 more Fusion remodels as well. And that's in line with what we did this year, kind of in that 200 to 250 range. It's just the fact that 80 of those will be taken up by the Orscheln integration this year. We continue to be very excited about Fusion and very excited about our side lots. Go ahead, Liz.
Hal Lawton: Yes, hey, Brian, I'll take the first part of it, and then Kurt will take the second part. On the weather bump, we don't see that as pull forward from Q1. And we see it – dominantly, it's just incremental in Q4. I'd go back to some of the comments we made, say, in our Q3 earnings call and our Q2 earnings call, where we said, our business has been very consistent in that 5% to 6% comp range all last year. And as Kurt said in his prepared remarks, and I think I did as well, we were trending towards the high end of our comp guidance for Q4 when the storm hit and then that put us well over. I'd equated a bit to what we said if we had gotten – if the drought hadn't occurred, we think we would have been over our guidance. If we'd had a better spring season, we think we would have been over our guidance for those quarters. I just get back to the point, our business is very consistent, very stable, very reliable right now in that kind of mid single-digits. And then if we get some good weather on top of that, that benefits us, we get that benefit. And that's what we saw in Q4. When the weather is bad, we're there for our customers. And it drives some sales. But otherwise, we continue to run very reliably and consistently in that mid single-digit comps.
Hal Lawton: Yes, hey Simeon, and thanks for joining the call. Good to speak to you this morning. On the C.U.E., I would say our AUR is in line with the rest of the market. So kind of high single-digits, generally speaking, across food and speed, but our market share is on a dollar basis, we’re running 2x the market. And on a pound basis, we’re running 3x the market in growth. And so it’s – the majority of our growth there well over half is transactions-based, unit-based and share gain. And dog dry food is the numbers I was just mentioning right there, those were specific to that to dog dry food. But we’re seeing similar type of numbers in poultry feed, in equine feed, in livestock, et cetera. And I would say it is pulling through to the rest of our business, in terms of driving positive footsteps and transactions into our store. And then also, our average ticket continues to remain very solid with very modest reduction in our UPT. In fact, this was the lowest year-over-year in our UPT decline in 2022. And when you look at the customer – underlying customer cohorts in our Neighbor’s Club program, what you’re seeing and as was mentioned in the prepared remarks is that the millennials have moved out to kind of rural America and kind of that Sunbelt migration, they start in poultry and pet food with us and then very quickly are migrating into four to five other categories in terms of us being their destination. And so I’d say we’re seeing strong growth, its market share gains in C.U.E. that we’re taking. We’re confident we will be able to continue to take those gains. We are the lowest cost to serve in the market, the fastest supply chain, the lowest price is the best customer service. And when they get in there, should they shop the whole lifestyle, and we’re seeing that in our average ticket and also in our on customer data.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey Chris, and good morning. Thanks for your question and for joining the call. First, we were very pleased with our Q4 business in general. As I said and Kurt, absent the storm, we were still at the high end of our comp expectations and we would have still had positive comp transactions for the quarter regardless of the storm. And we were also very pleased with our seasonal businesses. They performed in line with our expectations. And then in the last week of right before Christmas, for us, when we have a winter storm like that, it drives more footsteps into our stores, and they end up shopping the entire lifestyle when they’re in there. So we saw excellent performance that week. And in holiday-related items, whether it’s in apparel, whether it was in decor, candy, toys, tools. It was a solid, very solid close to the year for us on both, as I said, not only just on demand-driven store-related items. And then on pet, we are seeing unit growth and double-digit comps across all categories in pet, whether it’s dog, whether it’s cat, whether it’s hard goods, whether it’s consumables, whether it’s food, whether it’s sundries or accessories. Certainly, the food is outpacing the other categories, but all categories in our pet business are seeing very strong growth.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey, Steven, and good morning. This is a great new story for Tractor Supply. What I’ve seen historically in my career in retail is it takes time when you have a new customer for them to ramp up through your high-spending cohorts until they become kind of a mature customer. What we’ve seen is the customers, as you mentioned, I said in my prepared remarks, that we’ve had tens of millions of new customers shop us in the last three years. The majority of those have continued to be active shoppers with us and a huge portion had become Neighbor’s Club members. That cohort is basically shopping us, and we’re seeing purchase frequency, average ticket, number of categories shop total spend in the year, very much in line with our kind of long-time core customers. So they’ve ramped up very fast. And that’s why when we say things like our Neighbor’s Club is outperforming our overall comp, our total company comp, even at 75% penetration. And even with the growth we’ve had, that’s why I think it’s so exceptional because historically, in my past, as you see your membership program becomes such a large portion of your sales is a tendency revert to the mean, right, revert your overall comp. And I think the data set you can see both that we’re providing also an underlying data just shows you how fast those customers have ramped up and become core customers for us. And it’s what gives us confidence as we head into 2023.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Brian, good morning. And I'll just add to that. On that winter storm, we view it very much like a discrete event like the hurricane events have been. You heard my commentary on there. The exciting thing though is, with those types of events, consistent with this storm is it introduces Tractor Supply as a needs-based business to other new customers. And that's what we do as we capitalize on that, we see it as part of our opportunity in 2023 as new footsteps into the business. So great opportunity from that one event as we continue to serve our markets in a significant widespread winter storms such as that. In regards to your question about prices abating and how we manage that, one is, we will – those prices will take time to work through the system. So we do very well at managing whether that be the product cost or the transportation to be able to manage as those flow through and balance between the competitive retail price that we have, gaining market share and how much we actually take to the bottom line. Specifically, the biggest item in the gross margin benefit in 2023 is the easing of the transportation cost. And as you look back even over the last two years, on our gross margin, we've been very specific as we've been able to find offsets or pass through some of those the transportation cost has been the primary one where we've absorbed some of that. And so we will – as those prices abate and ease through, it's a key contributor to how we expect to see gross margin expansion throughout 2023.
Kurt Barton: Zack, hey, this is Kurt. The first question in regards to cadence throughout the quarter, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the – all four quarters really would expect to be in line with our overall guidance. We don’t expect significant variation between the quarters. I would encourage you, as you reflect back on last year, as we talked about some of the headwinds we saw in the middle parts of the year, with the late start to the spring, the drought that impacted Q2 and Q3. We talked about how in those quarters, there were some headwinds that took some of the top side off of the comps in those quarters. So we see good opportunity to be able to capitalize comping up against those quarters. We obviously had a really strong Q4. We talked about the winter storm. So those are all things that factor into our model as we plan the comps. And on the gross margin question, maybe remind me again your question on the gross margin.
Kurt Barton: Got you. Yes. Well, of course, we always prioritize market share gains competitive in pricing. We are the lowest cost to serve. We’ve invested in our supply chain and distribution to be able to capitalize on this shift in the environment where transportations are coming down. So we’ll be able to take advantage of our own efficiencies that we can control. As there’s opportunities as prices decline, we will take some opportunity modest as we see it in our plan, opportunity to invest in the gross margin. And all of that is considered in our expectation that we could see gross margin growing 20 basis points to 40 basis points in 2023.
Kurt Barton: Exactly. Yes. Thank you. There is not a pronouncement, anything of material. And I’d just point back to how consistent each of the quarters were in 2023. So there’s really no meaningful shift in there.
Kurt Barton: Hey, Peter, this is Kurt. In regards to CapEx and your two questions, the growth in CapEx in 2022 at the high end of our expectations reflected a couple of things. Certainly, there’s inflation in the cost of building a distribution center, the new stores, et cetera, that was a piece of it. But also in this environment, the team has done an excellent job of ramping up and ensuring that all of the pieces that go into these fusion remodels that we’ve got the fixtures and all of the equipment ready to go. So the pipeline is in good shape for what we plan to use to grow into the 200 to 250 remodeled stores next year. And there’s some timing of that capital that impacted 2022. And then certainly, for 2023, we expect consistent numbers. We’ve got a construction of a complete new distribution center in Maumelle, Arkansas. So for both years, they absorbed the $150 million-ish cost of some of our largest distribution centers in those years. And that leads to the second question that you had going forward, we really believe that as we said, these would be the two peak years that the biggest investment over the other years is really on the supply chain side. And it’s reverting back more to that over the next few years, $600 million, $650 million in capital going forward. And it’s a very planned, purposeful five-year growth to convert the supply chain and the stores into the new Life Out Here strategy, look and shopping experience for our customers. So I would expect to see that number come down a bit after 2023.
