Greg Sandfort: Thank you, Tony. Regarding the retail environment, we have seen very little change from recent quarters regarding our customers’ purchasing behaviors. Our consumers are spending conservatively and are seeking out compelling values. Purchases are being driven by necessity and are taking place much closer to need. Today, Tractor Supply is responding more quickly to the opportunities within our business and we make an effort every day to understand and anticipate the changing needs and wants of our customers. Our ability to respond quickly to shifting customer demand has contributed to our performance and will continue to drive our sales in the coming year. Looking ahead to the spring selling season, although there could be a shift in sales between the quarters, as Tony commented earlier, we are confident that we have the right plans in place to drive improved results and are pleased with our overall inventory position as we enter spring. Our customers will see newness across the store, which we believe they expect from us and will, in turn, will purchase from us. The teams remain relentlessly focused on improved execution throughout the business and believe we have considerable opportunity ahead to increase our market share. As we continue to expand our footprint in key regions, we remain very comfortable with our annual square footage growth rate of approximately 8% and with our strong balance sheet, we are investing in strategic capital initiatives that will ensure our growth for longer term. In closing, I would like to thank every Tractor Supply team member for their ongoing hard work and commitment to our company. I want to thank Jim Wright, our Executive Chairman, and our Board of Directors for their support and our shareholders for your ongoing investment and confidence in Tractor Supply as a growth company. I’m delighted to be working with such a seasoned and talented executive team and acknowledge the opportunity to serve you, our shareholders, in my new role as Chief Executive Officer. Operator, I would now like to open the call for questions.
Greg Sandfort: Well, one of the things that we talked about earlier in our comments was the driving force of Q. And we’ve stated many times that it works at a less than company average margin rate but the dollars it throws off are considerable. It helps us leverage on the SG&A side and also we’re looking right now at our business a little differently from a mix standpoint because Q is growing but we’re also finding that in the box other components of that box are starting to grow. We’ve got a business on the outside of the store with a lot of product that Steve and the team has been working on. The left hand side, being more the hard lines business with a mix of the products are higher margin, so I guess the blend is what I’m saying to you we think we can control and we do believe as we move forward we’ll still see some growth in our EBIT margins but it’s hard to say when we’ll hit the 9.5% and when we’ll go beyond but we still believe that there is tremendous momentum behind Q and that is going to be one of the things we have to just monitor and watch from a mix standpoint.
Greg Sandfort: Well, on newness factor, John, you know that we talk about changes in the store every year and in the first part of the year we make most of our plannogram, hard plannogram changes. And we’ll touch between 30% and 40% of the store updating plannograms and bringing in newness there. The second piece is about what we do in the center cord and on the outside of the store. And Steve and the team have done a wonderful job of bringing literally probably 50% to 60% of new product into those spaces year after year. You’ll see that again this year as you walk into our stores. You’ll notice new things that are either brand extensions or maybe we’ll be testing and trying some new products. And we have a lot of confidence that through the testing of the last two years and our live product categories and this whole garden concept of our consumer being sustainable and growing their own vegetables and so on and so forth and foods that this is going to be a business that is going to serve us well for some time. So there’s movement inside; there’s movement outside. You’ll see more of this as we use our advertising to talk to it. But quite a bit of newness, quite a bit of newness.
Greg Sandfort: Yes, Vince, I’ll talk a little bit about some of the initiatives and we’re start with price op. As we now are into year two of price optimization. What we’re finding is that it’s a very iterative process and that changes we’ll make within the testing module that we have and I’ll remind you that we don’t just turn this system on and let it run. We do test and then we have against control stores to make sure that we’re getting the right results, our anticipated result that we thought. But once we do that, we put that into play and we look at sets of SKUs, it changes the dynamics of the sales. We see it sometimes, some sales moving to other SKUs and vice versa. So what this helped us do longer term is look at our overall assortments and say do we need to change the depth within X, Y, Z SKUs and maybe we don’t need to carry these other SKUs in the assortment any longer because there’s been a transferrable demand. And that’s the learnings that we’re now starting to see along with the fact that making sure that we’ve got our prices right by district, by store and sometimes across region on a lot of our Q products and the high velocity products. So we’re still, in my opinion, as I see how this is developing and I see the kind of results that we’re starting to measure against, it’s a much longer-term journey than I think I initially anticipated. We mentioned a little earlier about the other things in gross margin, the direct sourcing of product and our exclusive brand. I mentioned one earlier about EquiStages. The team continues to find opportunities within our assortments where we can build and place into the assortment a very competitive product under our own brand that our customers will accept and embrace and they’ll purchase. And in many cases, it’s not cannibalizing. It’s actually additive to what we have in our assortment because we recognize the gap that either the national brands can’t serve or the generic (inaudible) can’t. So those businesses continue to grow and we are developing some sophistication now that in this now almost two years, almost going into three, with our product development side and with our direct sourcing side. And I’m very pleased with those teams and what products they’re developing and we’re bringing to market. And the advantage there is, of course, that it’s exclusive to Tractor. You can only buy it here, so it gives us that exclusivity and that uniqueness and that also is going to feed the margin rate over the longer term.Vincent Sinisi – Bank of America: Just one follow-up question, if I may, for your CapEx outlook for ’13, I know you mentioned that largely the increase is due to just the several timing shifts from this year into next. Any other color or discussion that you guys can provide specifically around your store locations, further western states that you may be entering? I know you mentioned Colorado from last year, of course, was a new state and then any other color around those four potential self-develop projects you mentioned.
Greg Sandfort: We don’t – probably won’t comment (to that money). We (open end specific). It’s part of the overall mix of stores. But we’re really pleased with our performance and the thing about these small stores, it’s really not a different concept. All it is is a store that’s right size for the size of the market and what we’ve done in these stores is modified some depth and breadth of assortment to match the market. In fact, I think you’ve probably been in a couple of these where you can’t tell the difference when you go in. The typical customer thinks this is the same Tractor Supply. It just is a smaller box. So what I would tell you is plans are to continue with those backfill or those small market stores. We still believe that it’s in the run rate of the 2100 and so far so good.Peter Benedict – Robert W Baird: Then just lastly, any sense of how many stores you think you could get forage into by the end of this year? I think you said you were at 750 at the end of ’12.
Greg Sandfort: That won’t be a specific number either and here is why. You have some restrictions with forage. There are some landlords that we have stores leased with that will not let us place trailers on the lots and many of those we’re in negotiation with trying to figure out is there another way of doing this. Can we put it maybe in our side lot or the back lot? So 750 is not the end number. There will be more but I really can’t give you a target yet because we were surprised we could get it as far as we did this year. The team’s still working on it. But it won’t be all stores. I can tell you that because there will be some restrictions.
Greg Sandfort: Yes, we do still see a ramp in forage and the reason being is that we had a number of customers that once they start to see that we carry the full assortment now maybe there were some customers – at least what we see in our numbers that were shopping in other places. We’re in the early stages of ramping that business. Secondly, on the margin side, it’s very similar to what we do in our sales and margin dollars and feed. It’s not robust but at the same time it’s a completer and it’s a footstep driver, so it runs around the feed margins.
Greg Sandfort: The live plant and what we consider will be – we’ll just call it live goods – will not be in all stores but is from a margin standpoint can be a bit more robust than forage and it really is how we manage our business. We’re not going to run it like the big boxes. We’re going to run it basically into the season early and then probably exit the season a bit early so that we can transition. Our need for these types of products are plant, harvest and can and so on and so forth. There’s a stage to ours. So as we get through that, there’s no need for us to continue to try to extend that season. So we’re going to get in, set it, take our sales and make sure that we stay profitable and move on and we’ve got some tremendous partners who have chosen to work with us. It will be in a substantial number of stores but not all stores for spring.
Greg Sandfort: As we looked at the business as it was developing, we had to stay patient and I guess that’s the word I’ll use. Merchant team tried to understand what was happening and we saw a lot of our products out of need. So when you look at need-based products, if you don’t have the need, you don’t have the demand like weather and such, that can cause you to do some things sometimes, if your inventories are too heavy, to start overreacting. There’s a couple things here. Inventory management did a great job of keeping our inventories tight and then as we said earlier the business really opened up toward the end of the quarter and we were in position and we were still at what I would call robust retails. The other thing is our management of clearance. We are a different company today than we were five years ago. We take that – when we move the clearance and we start to see products not selling to the degree that we’d like, we’ll take those first initial markdowns understanding that that 20% markdown gets me $0.80 on the dollar today versus if I wait until January or February when I get $0.20 on the dollar, I’m at 80% off. So we’re fairly aggressive on moving through inventory when we see issues and I would tell you that’s the other component, really tight management of any clearance as we’re moving through the season and then the overall management of our inventory and being patient, not pulling the trigger and overreacting.
Greg Sandfort: Well, I would comment to this. I said earlier that price optimization has got a much longer horizon. It’s teaching us a lot more about how to price our products and it’s also teaching us, in some cases, how to sort our products. So that’s got a much longer horizon. I think I know that we’ve got more opportunity to take the (cusa) brand mix of our products and accelerate that in the areas where it makes sense. And we’re starting to find those gaps. The other thing I will tell you is when we look at management of clearance and the seasonal conversions, I mentioned earlier that we did a wonderful job of that. But I think it’s all about – truthfully, it’s a balanced equation between all of these and some things drive sales, some things drive margin, some things as they blend together can be an offset to SG&A. So from the standpoint of how the margins in those four buckets are working, they’re all still working hard. I would say the one that we are probably most developed on is the seasonal conversion piece. We’ve been working on that the longest. Quite a bit of room ahead of us for price op and as well as deeper exclusive brand development and then more opportunity yet to bring product from overseas in a direct sourcing capacity.
Greg Sandfort: On the Q side, we typically don’t talk to what kind of sales increases. But I can tell you that there was an increase in our overall mix because of Qs impact on sales. So Q did actually help us drive some additional sales. It was a larger percentage, not a great number, not a very large number but some tailwind. On the live goods side of the business, you’re right. (You’ll probably) value a lot of this is on consignment or scan based, which helps us on the downside risk. We have a number of stores we’ll be having true service of a product by the manufacturers and then some stores we’ll be managing ourselves. So we’re testing it both ways to see what seems to work best.
Greg Sandfort: Well, let’s just talk about heating first. Heating was, as I said earlier, some of the seasonal businesses weren’t as robust but it did come late and it came as the weather changed. This is one of those demand businesses again that unless you have the demand, you can overreact and really burn margin with no result of sales. So we sat tight, kept our inventories tight and we did see our last minute push on the heating side of the business particularly in the fuel side. On the generator question, there weren’t enough generators in the country when this storm hit to be able to service the need. And that would be my overall statement. From what we knew, we were continuing to pull generators from all four corners of the US with our suppliers and there was probably some missed business. I think what we’re going to see from the northeastern quadrant is individuals wanting to put what I’ll call standby generators, not the portables but standbys, in their homes because this is the second year now that they’ve been without power. So we’re – I can’t tell you that we’ve seen a real major uptick there yet but I think as the rebuilding occurs I think (Generac) and companies like that might see a nice push in their business.
Greg Sandfort: I would tell you that we like what we’re seeing in the growth of Q. There will be no plans to slow Q. What we’re working diligently on is how we can grow at a faster pace, the mixes of our business. And some of that is going to be with some high velocity products but the other side of that coin is going to be what we’re doing with an exclusive brand, what we – we should be able to gain some additional margin and then our ability to source product internationally or really just strategically source product and gain better cost. And all those mixes combined – we track, we monitor and I think that’s going to help us continue to better predict as well as keep our hands around the gross margin equation.
Greg Sandfort: Well, here’s how we do that. To be honest with you, yes, size and scale does matter. It does help. But oen of the things that we’ve done over the last few years is we’ve multisourced products, particular categories that are high velocity and low value, so we are able to use multiple vendors and through that prospect in between we’re able to find advantages to bringing our supply chain cost down because we’re getting closer to where the manufacturing is and that’s the biggest cost in most of that product is the transportation side. So that’s how we’re doing it.
Greg Sandfort: We look at this constantly. Again, in our gross margin equation, there’s really three things we look at: are we trying to grow this business from a market share standpoint; if we do, we understand there will be some compression on margin. When we look at it from a mix business and saying, listen, if this is a project complete tour, probably don’t need to be as competitive because they’ve got to have it to make the project work and then there’s that blend of a little bit of both. So we’re going to stay very aggressive on growing market share. What we find is that with the price optimization tool that we are now using, it’s giving us some insights to where we need to be priced and it’s not always about being the lowest priced. It’s about being the right price by market and that’s why – another reason why we had to have this system. We’ve got in the range of 1200 stores in many, many – 46 states and you’ve got to have some type of tool to help you work through that. And we’re very confident that we run our advertising based upon regional need and regional price, sometimes even down to the district level. So it’s not about just driving it by price. There’s a mixture of things that we do and we’re learning as we go. I’ll be honest. We’re not – we’ve still got things that we can do to improve our performance.
Greg Sandfort: Well, I would tell you from what we see now, the customer is still responding very similarly to what they did back in 12 with the exception of the weather patterns. Again, our business is a need-based business and if you have animals, you have property and you have equipment, you’re going to shop Tractor Supply. There are other things we carry in our assortments that are more seasonally sensitive and if we see movement in seasonal, we seem to see more of an uptick but we’re less sensitive today than we’ve been. We’ve somewhat been able to moderate that by really bringing the business across all four walls of the store. So I think right now we feel very comfortable from a mix standpoint and there’s some upside, of course, if the weather plays in our favor. And moisture in the spring is a good thing and cold in the fall is a good thing.
Greg Sandfort: Thank you, operator. Well, thank you all for joining us on today’s call. While we are very pleased with the progress we’ve made in the past few years, we are more committed today than ever to continue growing Tractor Supply to be a more profitable retailer and returning greater value to our shareholders. Our teams are planning, preparing and executing and reacting better than ever before. We’re committed to provide the right merchandise in the right regions at the right time to our customers while bringing quality products and great values. Our business model is solid and we continue to build momentum in our business. Thank you for your continued support of Tractor Supply Company and we look forward to speaking with all of you again in about 90 days.
Tony Crudele: I’d like to remind you that the 9.5% EBIT target is really set as an interim goal and we have not yet hit the 9.5%. We will continue to evaluate that position. It’s much easier for us to stay in that long-term perspective of growing the business at the 10 to 20 basis points of EBIT margin improvement each year. We’ll continue to reassess and we’ll definitely get back to the marketplace as we approach and exceed the 9.5%.
Tony Crudele: When it comes to our expansions, Colorado was as key state in 2012 and will continue to expand there as we move into 2013. And then our next state that’s targeted is Arizona and we’ve been looking at some sites there and some sites in our real estate committees already. So we’ll be looking at Arizona in 2013. So those will be the two key states as we move west. When it comes to CapEx and the drivers really the only point of note would be that the southeast distribution center will come online in most likely mid to late third quarter and that’s when you would recognize some depreciation around that facility, which is in the $40 million range. And then the capital that’s allocated towards the store support center, our corporate headquarter, since that does not come on until 2014, you should see very limited depreciation around approximately $40 million there that we’ve targeted to spend in 2013, so we would not expect to have any depreciation as that stays in construction in progress. When it comes to self development, we have a small team on staff where when we identify sites that might not be cost effective to go in with a developer, we have obviously the financing capabilities and now the in house capabilities to be able to develop that site and either land bank that site and/or just develop that site for store locations. So it’s a small team. We’ve been developing the expertise over the last couple years and so we expect to continue to accelerate that so that at some point in time we’ll be in the four to maybe 15 new stores would be developed by our own team in house.
Tony Crudele: We do. Where we’ve been getting the leverage is really in – the demand has been in the store payroll. We had really a terrific year this past year. And as we grow the comp sales, we have seen leverage on the occupancy and so that’s given us the ability to absorb some of the additional expense that we would have in medical, although medical in 2012 did not exceed what we had originally forecasted. So our in house program has done very well. We’re self-insured and so we’ve been – had some fairly good results when it comes to medical. But we have planned as we move into 2013 that we will have an increase in that area and anticipate that to be offset by a normalized incentive compensation for 2013.
Tony Crudele: Relatively consistent; it has run in that range and it will vary quarter to quarter but overall for the full year we’ll look at it somewhere between 8% to 12% or, in this case, 10% to 15%. So it’s about consistent with prior year.
Tony Crudele: Yes, usually we will identify – if it’s a significant amount, we’ll highlight it as one of the main drivers. This quarter was a very strong quarter, as was last year. The way it was – the incentive comp was accrued throughout the year, it did have less in this Q4 than in the prior year but I do not have exactly what the biggest point impact was. But it definitely was favorable.
Tony Crudele: Yes, right now we’re not anticipating a significant change. We’ve yet to declare victory when it comes to big ticket. When we do see an increase it tends to be spotty and unsustained but at times we do see a pickup relatively well, especially obviously when we run into the emergency response categories in the fourth quarter. Hard to assess the fourth quarter because the warm winter impacted a lot of the sales of our larger ticket items but there does not seem to be a resistance when there is a need by the retail community. They will make that purchase, so we believe it will be consistent throughout 2013.
Tony Crudele: Some of it is the way in which we cycle through some of the seasonal goods from the winter and also some of – the back half of the year generally will have less of the lower margin type products and some of the big ticket. And the way we’re looking at the mix and the impact of say the (rider) season on spring can have an impact as well. So a lot of it is really mix oriented and, again, it’s very difficult when you have 77 different departments and 340 different categories to develop that merchandising plan. And the mix can obviously impact margin significantly. So and as we look at the second half of the year we think we have a little bit easier compare in Q3 where we obviously had a lot conversations on that call about margins as well, so we think we had a little bit easier compare when we look at Q3 as well.
Tony Crudele: And then a couple other real quick points, when we look at the impact of big ticket in Q4, we had less of a drag than we would have anticipated because of the softness of some of the larger big tickets, as I mentioned earlier, on the log splitters and snow blowers. As well as, as in the past, the import and strategic sourcing products that we have had a big impact in Q4 as well and they’re a little bit obviously stronger margin items and that tends to benefit Q4 as well.
Tony Crudele: Slightly up and the majority of that really is how we’re now using our marketing dollars across the company. We’re now looking at more of what I’ll call a cross channel marketing effort. You will see us do more things and things that tie back throughout the web and print and in store and all that as really one voice to the consumer. So that’s – the spend will be raised a bit in the – I’ll call it the multi channel or the web side of our marketing.
Tony Crudele: It should be. As we see the numbers on a year-over-year basis – now, again, as we work through the year that can change. But it should be less of a factor. As we noted in Q4 last year, it was almost 500 basis points. So it really has moderated. We currently don’t anticipate seeing a downturn towards deflation and it will just continue at a very low or moderate pace.
Tony Crudele: We’ve commented before that a lot of times there is a much longer tail for some of the home centers because it relates to home building and repair. But it really is much less of an impact for us and so we don’t look at it as a tail. We look at it more as hurricane preparedness and then the short response following and the recovery area efforts. The one category that does benefit is more the fencing category. (There’s usually) some damaged fencing and we’ll be able to repair that and that might be extended. But we generally have confined the impacts of Sandy just to the fourth quarter.
Tony Crudele: Well, hopefully the information that we provided gives you enough to populate your models. I will give you a little bit of guidance saying that our goal – and we believe that we have the plans in place to drive an EPS increase and we expect to drive a comp increase as well. And so I think if you put that together with the $38 million, adjust for the $38 million sales impact I think you can come to those same outcomes when it comes to the first quarter as well as the first half.
Tony Crudele: Yes, the new stores have been extremely productive in 2013. And some of that has to do with as we move into new territories where there might be a little bit less cannibalization, maybe some areas where it’s a little bit less competitive. But as we look at the stores, we believe that there’s not a significant variation in how we’ve approved the store or looked at the stores. And we just believe that as the Tractor Supply name becomes much better known throughout, it’s easier to open those stores and be able to penetrate the marketplace a little bit more rapidly than in the past. So again, we’re very pleased with the new stores and the program and the marketing around it and that’s helped to drive the business as well.
Tony Crudele: Philosophically, though, we will not come into a marketplace and drive price down. But we will be extremely competitive in some situations and what we’ve learned is – and what the tool has given us is the ability to be able to better manage the price so in the event that we focus on market share and drive increased sales, then we will get the leverage that we would expect from leveraging SG&A versus improved gross margin rate. So that’s where we see the tradeoff and it gives us great flexibility in determining whether we increase EBIT margin through gross margin or leverage SG&A.
