Gregory Sandfort: Zach, I'm going to turn that question over to Kurt this morning, and let him give you some thoughts. And I may follow-up with a comment or two.
Gregory Sandfort: Yes. Peter, it was designed to do two things. One was, it was a - an event that really comped an event from a week earlier. So, we really changed the constitution of the event and said, you know, last year's event was good, but how can you refresh it? So, we refreshed it. We also tied it into the launch of the 5% back or the $5 for every $100 with the cards. So, we felt like we had a much more compelling offer. So, we shifted both things to latter part of the quarter. And as we ran that promotion, we tightened up the number of items that were going to be in the promotion as well. We went from an eight-page to a four-page. We really consolidated down and said, let's put more effort behind fewer things and see if we can drive footsteps and also increase our penetration on the card. And it worked out beautifully. It played out exactly the way we wanted and we were very happy with the results. So, it was not an additional event by any means. It was just a different way of repackaging an event that was a week earlier from last year.
Gregory Sandfort: Yes. Let me - Peter, let me address, first, your question about need. As you probably know, there were a number of things that I had passed on to Steve, probably a good 18 months or so before the decision was made that he was not the candidate. And so that's really just - kind of send it back to me. I'm having a lot of fun with it, to be very honest with you. Even I've got a lot of direct reports. It's a lot of fun to be - to have both feedback into the business and such. And it's been a really good for me and good for the team, to be honest. So, there is really no gaps. I've filled the gaps. I've also got Seth here and others, a bunch in this group. As you know, they're very talented merchants, very talented marketers, good team in general and we're moving forward. So, that's addressed that. The second piece here is what's the Board really looking for? Yeah, there is a lot of emphasis out there today on how you're using data and using information differently to drive your business as a retailer. And I think some of the things that we talked about as a Board, I'm being a part of that Board is, can we find someone that has some deep background there, that has spent some time maybe in that space, also is crossed in between physical retail and digital retail and can combine those two together to bring more to the table here at Tractor and help us accelerate that side of the business. But as I said, this is the highest priority for the Board right now. We're not in any big rush. We are making sure that we're doing the due diligence to find the right leader for this company. We want this to be a very seamless transition. I am committed to stay here as long as I need to be to make sure that, that transition goes well. We have responsibilities to our shareholders, the investment community, the company at whole. And I'm going to make sure we do this right. And as I said, it's really business as usual, maybe us pushing a little harder right now. It's tough kind of jump back into that, that component, but I'm feeling very good about the process and where we are.
Gregory Sandfort: Chuck, let me add one thing. It all starts with the product and our customers rely on us to have the things that they need in stock when they make use of the trip to us physically or when they shop with us online. So if you think back to the ONETractor strategy, it was all built around the - having - building the capabilities to be able to meet that customer's needs as Kurt said earlier, when they need the product and it is different by quarter. It's different by year. But what we built into this company now is a supply chain that has that nimbleness and ability to move within the 49 states that we do business and address those customers' needs in a way that most of our competition can't. So, it is really an incredible part of the business. It's the strength of ours and it really all starts with having the product when they need it, the price they expect and meeting their demands because they are going to be different year-to-year and that's not easy stuff. It's difficult to do, but we've been able to accomplish that.
Gregory Sandfort: Chuck, let me give you a little insight as to what we look for. Back in the former recession, what we noticed early on, was a change in purchasing patterns. Customers not making as many trips to the store, number one. Number two, we saw them instead of buying a premium product and I'll call it national branded feeds. We saw them shifting back into our brands and feeds because they were a better value. We're not seeing any of that right now. We're not seeing any change at all the. The actual customer count and our transaction count and average transaction was up almost $1 this quarter. So, we are very pleased with, call it, the core business of our company looks, and this core customer looks to be very much intact. So, I don't - we're not seeing any indications at this point of any slowdown from that standpoint. And again, I think if there is something on the horizon, it will look a little different probably than last time, but we will see the indicators first and we will be the first to share them with you.
Gregory Sandfort: Okay, Chuck. Let me break that out for you a little bit to say that. Number one, there is a model that we use for store location and it is very robust. That has about 60 inputs. It has been refined four time since I've been here at the company. And if you place a store, what the model tells you to place a store, it performs and it typically either achieves or overachieves its pro forma expectations. So it's a very sophisticated model. It also has, like I said, many inputs, and that helps us look at not only putting a store, maybe in an area where there may be other stores, but possibly wanting to take a little bit of the pressure off of some higher-volume stores through some cannibalization that's intended to do just that. Ironically, when we do those things, we find that over a period of several years, the stores that we intentionally cannibalized seem to reach back to a fairly normal level, maybe the prior level where they were. And now we've just taken and added another $3 million or $4 million worth of volume in that same market. We've grown the market. So, there is a lot of time and effort that's put into choosing a store location. The second thing is, as far as relocations, we don't do as many of those year-to-year, as we probably are doing new stores now. But if you look at the retail market within a certain geographic space, we're replacing a store. Sometimes in some of these small communities, the retail sector for the retail path will shift from east to west or north to south in a small town. And one of the reasons we like to lease our locations versus purchase them is because it gives us the ability to be able to move that store when those types of things happen. I'm not going to be sitting with basically a piece of real estate that has no value. So, we'll probably do less than 10 to 12 relocations a year. Most of those are those types of movements. Sometimes it may be one town over from where we were, but generally right now, we're still putting in new store base, still adding as I said, the use of the model and very pleased with the continued performance of the new stores.
Kurt Barton: Zach, hi, this is Kurt. Just as a reminder on the ag economy question, as you've heard from us before, Tractor Supply doesn't serve the production farmers primary needs. For those ag production farmers, we serve their lifestyle needs just like we do with our typical customer. And so as you've indicated, we've recognized and watch closely as well. Yes, we acknowledge, there is pressure on the ag economy overall and you would imagine, as there is less income in that local economy, it would appear to be negative. As we look at our business today, we're just not seeing that with our customers and those markets. Our core customers continue to be strong. As one example, on the ag economy, in the Midwest region, where there is the heaviest presence of the ag economy for both the third quarter and year-to-date that Midwest region is performing strong and outperforming the average change. So, we've got a lot to be excited about what we're doing to drive business and meet our customer needs in the ag economy. We'll watch it very carefully. It is important, but at this point for Tractor supply, we're not seeing a real change in the trends.
Kurt Barton: Yes, I mean you've hit - Zach, you've hit the key items on there. We continue to believe, as we move towards our long-term targets, our target of growing comp sales at 3% plus over the long term. And with the profit improvement initiatives that we have, the investments that we made in the past are plateauing but yet driving traction in both top line and efficiencies. We're going to continue with a real strong effort on efficiency and productivity. We believe there is opportunity in labor as well as transportation. And then, of course, the benefits we're getting from the top line, we anticipate with our long-term target of 3% plus that we can see a leverage point around that 3% comp sales.
Kurt Barton: Sure, Brad. This is Kurt. I'll take both those questions, big ticket and private label credit card. As far as big ticket, there is a lot about the big ticket category that we really liked during the quarter. The important theme is, it can vary based on seasonal demand shifts. So specifically in the quarter, we saw strong performance in zero turn mowers, log splitters, safes and 3-point equipment. That was offset by categories such as UTVs and generators. And UTVs are one of the highest big ticket items, also an area that has an impact from tariffs. Generators, as Greg and I mentioned, the emergency response compares were challenging on the generator side. So when you're lapping prior year's chain average performance of big-ticket, higher than the overall performance third quarter last year. When you look at the core of it, a big ticket was still pretty strong, private label credit card continues to give us more leverage in driving big ticket. As far as private label credit card, as Greg mentioned, all metrics are showing strong performance, meaningful growth in applications, our open accounts and our tender up strong double-digit growth, and we're very excited to see a step-up in a lot of those metrics since the launch of our 5% reward. So, we'll continue with this initiative. We've said, it's a multi-year initiative, and we're very excited about what it can do to drive integration with our Neighbor's Club and overall drive both loyalty and sales.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Scott, this is Kurt. Yes, we do. We consider both of those. In regards to the hurricane, I'll just frame-up the year-over-year comparison on hurricane. Dorian was less of an impact this year than Florence was. As you know, Dorian did not actually hit land and we saw some preparedness response with Dorian. But unlike last year, we didn't see the post follow-up that you get on impact. And we called out last year that Hurricane Florence was about a 40 basis point benefit to us. Net year-over-year between the two, we look at it, is about a 10 basis point to 20 basis point headwind on the comp. But your point about the hurricanes over the last few years, it is important to look at that and we recognize that as well. Because when you look at a three-year stack and in 2017, we had two strong hurricanes in third quarter. The challenge overall and comparison on it was greater than that. And we do take that in consideration, did in our guidance, and I think it's healthy to look at that when reflecting on the real core of the business.
Kurt Barton: Simeon, hi, this is Kurt. Let me just address gross margin and I think it will answer your question. For gross margin, I'd package it as this. There is really three key drivers that I want to point to and price management was the primary one. As far as price management, team has done a great job balancing market share and margin. And we've really advanced in these tools over the last year or so. And what the team is able to do is with price management, balance between both merchant across merchandise categories, as well as geography to get the most optimal retail price for market share and margin. Then combining into that is the price intelligence tools that we've invested in, allowing us to monitor the competitive pricing as well as gauge elasticity. So, our ability to leverage all of that today to make sure that we're capitalizing on sales and margin is really been a key factor. And so of the drivers for gross margin, first one, price management is probably the most significant. Second one would be the freight expense benefit that I referred to. And then third on gross margin. We are seeing gross margin benefit from some of the investments we're making in supply chain. And we don't speak as often to that, but with the investments in supply chain, which are in our SG&A, being new mixing centers. The new distribution centers and import transload centers gives us the ability to reduce stem miles and actually go after new strategic sourcing opportunities with lower pricing. And so there is a little bit of geography trade-off there. So, those are the three real things that the - the merchandising and supply chain did an excellent job to drive both top line and gross margin.
Kurt Barton: Yes. There's - first, I'd say on the pricing tools, it continues to evolve and we've got a lot of runway ahead of us. And I think every year can be different on - the answer on the operating margin. But one important thing to always remember is the investments we'll be making in our supply chain puts a little bit of a headwind on SG&A. We recognize, that drives initially some benefit in gross margin and that will be part of our investment over the next couple of years. So, you will see that.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Peter, you framed it up well. Last year's strength in the comp was earlier in the quarter and it had early cold weather that drove solid performance. So the cadence of the back half could be a bit different. And so implied in our guidance is about a 2.0% to 2.5% range for fourth quarter. And the cadence between weather and even thinking about when Thanksgiving lands and the amount of weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas, Seth and Christi continued to optimize marketing. I would tell you that cadence could be very different year-over-year, but we feel confident about the guidance we've given to land a solid comp in the range of 2% to 2.5% in the fourth quarter.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Steve, and this is Kurt. In those conditions, the key is being nimble and reacting to the change in the shift in demand. And in the month of September, the merchandising and operations team supply chain partnered well. The key there is to transition to what's needed. And what really sold was C.U.E. items like feed and forage, cooling being fans, anything that moves water. Those are the areas. To be in stock and dependable at the end of the season like that is key for us. And it's another example coming in or out of seasons why Tractor Supply chain and merchandising strength is helping us capture sales when it might not be the most ideal. So, those conditions weren't perhaps as ideal as solid moisture, which was there last year, but we're able to capitalize and actually produce a comp sales right in line with our expectations by shifting and being nimble.
Kurt Barton: Not specific to drought. I mean, fourth quarter is really about fall, winter. And temperature might be the primary factor that you think about when you're planning for and reacting to the fourth quarter.
Kurt Barton: Okay. Well, I mean, the focus is really continues to be right now, the ONETractor strategy, early in a lot of the phases and a lot of runway in there. So, our ability to drive additional market share and spend with our customers, Neighbor's Club, private label credit card and what we're doing with our omnichannel business, those complement everything Seth and the team are doing to drive additional new products and brands and creating new theater and strong complement of both national brands and exclusive brands. Those are really the primary drivers that will continue to deliver additional strength and competitive advantage for Tractor Supply in 2020 and beyond.
Kurt Barton: This is Kurt. Store growth potential continue to be consistent with what we've said. We evaluate this, monitor it routinely. We're targeting that domestically 2,500 stores and our cadence is - has been consistent. And at this point, we continue to plan to reinvest in new store growth at a consistent pace, along with investing in our existing stores to continue to drive value and sales out of the existing box .
Kurt Barton: Okay. So, I'll take those. On the traffic, the important factors, we're lapping strong traffic comps over the last couple years in the third quarter. And then hurricane, as I mentioned, which didn't reoccur at the same extent, hurricanes drive traffic and they drive it pre and post. And so when you think about the traffic patterns there, there is a headwind in there. And so year-to-date, nine months in, we have a solid traffic growth of 1.1%. And there is, as I mentioned earlier on a question, every quarter could be a bit different and hurricane in some of the weather patterns had a bit of an impact on the level of traffic comp in Q3. As far as commodities, looking ahead, I'll just mention for commodity base, year-to-date, and I would expect this to be very similar for fourth quarter. We're seeing net modest commodity inflation. And that's one of just several factors that play into the average ticket. Addition to commodity-based impact, we're seeing broad-based cost increases in the product input costs. That's either manufacturing cost increases or pass-through of tariffs. So the ticket price reflects those three things; the commodity influx, the broad-based product costs, as well as retail price adjustments that we make for direct import tariffs that we're incurring.
Kurt Barton: Sure. So the level of cost increases, I just mentioned, last one is a balance of those three things. And the ticket is pretty well balanced in this quarter between product mix and cost increases, and tariffs are just a piece of that. So trying to split out the exact level of tariffs, I'd just say it's generally in line with our expectation and of the cost increases, it's one of about three factors. And as we've mentioned in the past, we have, 10% of our products are direct import.
Kurt Barton: Chuck, this is Kurt. When it comes to transportation, freight costs, the team is hitting on all three metrics that they focused on this year. They are reducing stem miles and the new distribution helps with that, reducing domestic carrier rates and increasing the inventory value per load. Those are the three primary reasons and drivers of reduced freight expense. Yes, the new distribution center costs has a bit of an impact on SG&A. But freight expense, they're hitting on all metrics.
Seth Estep: Peter, this is Seth. So, yes, when we look at the overall pet animal business, looking back on the quarter, we're actually really pleased with the overall performance. Specific to pet, post that announcement, we really saw a trend similar to some of the things that you're seeing in the industry overall. What we were seeing a little bit of shift out of some of the holistic natural grain-free products and into more of the pet specialty science-based formulations. But what we were able to do and what we're seeing in our database is that we're able to capture that customer with the broad portfolio that we have within our box today. And utilizing category management as well, we're able to really respond with our shelf presence quickly to make sure that we continue to grow - to grow market share there. Relative to 4health, you mentioned that was obviously mentioned in the FDA announcement as well. One note with 4health, our original 4health lineup, which continues to be the largest segment of 4health is the formulations with wholesome grains. We are seeing a little bit of shift out of our grain-free SKUs and into the original 4health lineup. But one of the things that you will see is a response, because we have been monitoring trends over time. Actually, even in the course of the next couple of weeks, you'll continue to see new formulas of 4health being launched. You're going to see new pack sizes. Most of those tailored around that original lineup of 4health. And we really look at 4health as a key differentiator continuing going forward to really drive and protect our pet food business. So overall, happy with the performance.
Seth Estep: Matt, this is Seth. So from the core merchandising philosophy perspective, as merchants, we are always out there looking for what leading brands and what partnerships can we go after, that can be extremely meaningful to our customer base and the lifestyle that we serve. So specific to Toro, going to your question there, we already felt that we had one of the leading, call it, outdoor power equipment lineups in the industry. And being able to go out and partner with Toro, which is the leader when you think about the zero-turn and large acreage. We look at it as nothing but cementing us as, call it, the leader in the industry as we go here, that can have a comp impact specifically, as well as 2020 and beyond, as we continue to partner together. The other thing we look at a partnership such as this that we will continue to go after, is finding ways to drive key differentiation, specifically against farm and ranch and other competitors that are out there. Other things we look out to 2020 in key comp drivers outside of just driving newness, exclusive brands, we'll continue to go after and continue to drive a lot of newness across the four walls and exclusive brands. Greg mentioned Ridgecut earlier, but we also are doing a lot of things in our livestock feed, in our pet world, where we are going to be driving new portfolios and our do more line of goods as well as adding new product line up. So overall, I would say yes to the standpoint of we're always looking out there for new strategic partnerships, where they would be meaningful to us as an organization and be able to drive key differentiation.
Seth Estep: Yes, this is Seth. No - so we have an entire team, obviously, really focused and dedicated on exclusive brand sourcing. Some of the things that we are doing, I mean, we are fully dedicated to our strategic sourcing initiatives. But some of the things that we are doing based off the tariff environment, we have shifted some things back domestically as well to other countries where we find opportunities. That first and foremost can meet our quality expectations and meet the standards of our exclusive branded product. Give you example of one product, an example even this past year you think about to your point Q2, historically, we have been 100% direct import on barn fans. And this past year, we found a domestic source of supply in Texas that allowed us to have some land cost efficiencies and mitigate tariff impacts and actually let us be more responsive to the business throughout the quarter. So, we'll continue to work on a strategic sourcing initiatives. But we'll continue to drive our exclusive brand piece there as well.
