Steve Barbarick: Seth, this is Steve Barbarick. I'd tell you it's really hard to quantify that specifically. As Greg mentioned in year's past we had three waves over two weeks, this year we went to five waves over eight weeks. Our planning department and our inventory teams have really matured to a level where we are able to do this. And we got the technology now to do it. I would tell you what we experienced in Q1 was quite favorable for us. And that something we will do going forward. And in the back half of the year I think we got a pretty good plan. We made some adjustments in the year's past and I don't see us making a lot of changes for the fall.
Steve Barbarick: Ben, Steve Barbarick here. What I'd tell you is we got a number of different levers to drive sales and one of those is drive aisle. And that's in cap the power panels clip through the center court, Greg referenced chick days earlier in his can remarks and we also had a garden event that took place in the center court. And we are seeing really good movement in both of those events as well as getting behind and working with our vendors on our in cap programs. So that's really would help to drive some of the increase in the basket. In terms of sustainability, this is the focus for us and it's something we are getting better at. And I'd hate to tell you that I wouldn't want to suggest that this is sustainable on every quarter we talk about the gain but I can tell you we are making concerted effort to put in front the customers those impulse buys as they shop our store for needs based product.
Steve Barbarick: Over the last few years, we've really put a concerted effort into our exclusive brand program and product development. We've got a number of agents that we worked with overseas and the team and the merchandize team has done a very nice job building our exclusive brands. If you look at some of the new things we've added for example we got in the Travelier line a new lighting set for truck accessories. We've got ground works that came in which is in our garden program. And there is a variety of things that we've been bringing that customers seemed to really respond to. So this is continuous to be a focus for us and I believe that there are still lots of room we have ahead of us. 
Steve Barbarick: When we look at the quarter, net-net we would assess that weather was positive because we had a relatively cold January and then we had the early arrival of spring in March. So as much as February was little bit warmer and sales were little bit softer. Net-net so the quarter we felt very good about the weather trends. In our case, lot has to do with how the weather related to the prior year. And so when we make the comment that one it was a much warmer March overall than in history it was also much warmer than a prior year. So it does relate -- it does impact the timing of the sales. Now when we make assessment as to what the pull forward is, we do our best to look at some of the key category and we look at sort of the slope of the sales line to try to understand if it was accelerated and try to project what that means to quarter but again really for our business it is best that we look at it by the half and we have a lot of business left and we'll probably going to make much better assessment as we move through the quarter and see how the first half comes out. 
Steve Barbarick: Sure. When it comes to the -- we will determine the oil patch store. The first thing is that transaction count remained very firm. But the difference between those stores and our control group was very consistent with what we saw in Q4. So that did not change dramatically. But it is -- we did like the performance of the stores because they were all positive in their performance relative to the control group. And we continue to drive sales through the stores for the foot traffic that we are getting. So generally what we see is that so the ticket maybe down because of some very specific type items that are sold in those areas. But day-to-day basic transactions continue to occur and drive business in those stores. 
Steve Barbarick: Adam, that's a great question. I mean we are constantly in a test and learn mode. And whether it's local, whether it's testing in 25 stores, learning from it and rolling it forward, it's a constant pipeline of product that runs through the system and then gets expanded. We do all, a monthly review of all those tests that we've got going on. I'll use it one example a couple of years ago we tested kayaks in 50 stores and sold -- they sold pretty well, they exceeded sale through rate then we expanded it to more stores and this year all stores have kayaks and we are continue to see good momentum there. So I can't give you any one specific guidance but I could tell you that pipeline is pretty full and we are constantly reviewing the opportunity for further expansion of new merchandize. 
Steve Barbarick: Well, actually, interesting you should ask, couple of weeks ago I guess maybe it was week or two ago we did roll forward with about 25 stores. Again it's still in the very early stages. Stores are still setting their merchandize and I suspect that on the next call we will be able to give you better and update. 
Steve Barbarick: The big ticket itself as Tony mentioned we did see some benefit in Q1 in terms of plus numbers mainly driven by riders and as well as trailers, some of that was a bit pull forward. We feel like we've got the right assortments out there. We've gone through, we've measured right assortment, and we review our assortments. We are a need based retailer, so if there is demand I would tell you I feel pretty good about it. Tony said it's still early in the game here in Q2. And right now it's hard to assess but I'd tell you we've got the right product out in our stores. 
Steve Barbarick: Okay. I'll go ahead start this one. This is Steve again. The one thing about gross margin specifically is that we got a plan. And it all starts there. We talked earlier about exclusive brands, product development, some of the import goods we got come in. We also -- our systems are much more science than art based price optimization, clearance price optimization and so in Q1 there was a shift. Tony mentioned earlier that we did have some clearance coming out of Q4. But we were able to beat that with some regular price as well as some vendor support dollars. So what I'd tell is as I feel good that we've got a plan and the teams executing to it. Tony, you have anything to add. 
Steve Barbarick: Seth, the only thing I would add is that Q1 comparison was pretty challenging and I think we feel really good about where we came in. Tony did mention there were some pull forward. Q2 is not going to be an easy quarter either. We had a good solid comp last year and with some favorable weather so it's hard to look out and be able to forecast but I think we've got a pretty good plan in place. 
Steve Barbarick: The guidance for the full year was consistent with our original guidance. Again we expect to open about 50% of the stores in the first half of the year. And 50% obviously in the back half of the year. The only difference that we see this year is that we are little bit less stores in the West. We had a very focused push over the last two years to get the number of stores, create a large base in the southwest so that we could open the distribution centers and get some of the economic benefit from that. So as we look out at this year we see few less stores in the West. We were running about 35% to 40%, we expect to be a little bit more and say the 25% range when it comes to the western stores. And additionally, we anticipate opening a few more second use real estate versus built to suit locations. And that would mean some additional capital probably maybe the $5 million to $10 million range. But those are the only two differences that we see as we move through the new store opening plan. 
Steve Barbarick: Yes. I can give you a general idea. I try not to break all the components down into basis points because there are so many factors that are attributed to the freight line and gross margin. So the once that I identified has having an impact or somewhat minimal impact, they were generally in the same range and generally would be less than 10 basis points of impact to the gross margin line. 
Steve Barbarick: When we look out we would expect to see a similar impact in Q2 and we would expect that to start to moderate as we move through the year and start to get the benefits of the distribution center and moving some of our vendors to western ship points. So we expected to start to moderate as we move through the year but net-net for the year we expected to be just slight drag on margin. 
Steve Barbarick: Yes. Earlier I think I have mentioned that in Q1 we were able to do that. We went from three waves in two weeks to five waves in eight. Next in the fall we are going to keep a very consistent program that what we've done traditionally. I think we are much more accurate then. So there won't be a change in the fall. 
Steve Barbarick: Yes. Chuck, this is Steve Barbarick. There are two types of seasonal merchandize. There is product that we bought for Christmas is not necessarily cold product related. And we sold through that really well. It was the more seasonal clearance that we ended up carrying over and I believe at that the last call we talked about the percentage that we carried over. A lot of retailers would have probably taken marked down a lot quicker and panic to some degree. But a lot of the product that we have our whole good that are pretty much standby is year-to-year. And we took a very disciplined approach. We didn't panic in Q4; we took methodical mark down where we could. We do have a clearance price optimization that looks specifically at clearance by individual location so we can cluster those types of products. When we got into the first quarter we had the benefit of that winter. Colder weather hit us from January. And we had enough of merchandize up north knowing that we went for these five waves of allocation. And it really paid off for us. Now we still are carrying some of that inventory over. I don't want to say that we sold completely through but it's good inventory that we can bring out for next year and the carry over is minimal compared to the total inventory investment that we have out there today. So the team did a really nice job. I think it was a discipline approach. We use both art and science based on some of what we are looking at and we came out of it really well. 
Steve Barbarick: Again, this is Steve Barbarick. We set for a season. We don't set necessarily for a quarter. And our quarters are while they are fiscal they are kind of calendar so that March, April timeframe you never know. There is always a bit of shift. So we look at the season and we manage to season. We don't necessarily manage our inventories to quarter. 
Steve Barbarick: Happy to do it Joe. We are in -- as you mentioned 140 stores, we got about six months now of earning and what I would tell you is that the opting rate by our consumers have actually exceeded original expectations. We knew that we had fairly loyal customer and it wasn't really till we have the program out there that we realize that they were very interested and wanting to hear from us and being part of a program. In the stores that we've had in  We've seen nice attribution increases and understanding who are our customer is and getting a deeper knowledge. Now just give you a couple of examples. In the stores where we got the Neighbors Club program from a transaction standpoint we went from really about mid 30s to mid 50s, so we've seen nice increase in transaction attribution and in sales attribution that numbers go up from the little 50s to the mid 60s. We are using that data now because the goal of this was to collect the information and then start personalizing communication after them using email. And we've been doing just that. We've got now record of the response rates from our customers. And the communication back and forth regarding either content or special offers or trying to get them into the shop across the store. So we are very enthusiastic about the program and at this point we are looking forward next step. We don't yet; we are not prepared to make a comment as to where we are going roll it or how many stores will get it. But we are optimistic that this is something that's going to add value. 
Steve Barbarick: Well, I won't get into the specifics Joe but I would tell you Greg mentioned it earlier. Our customer's index is very high when it comes to animal ownership. And that includes dogs and cats as well. And we go through a pretty rigorous category management review of the pet aisle supplies, treat as well as pet food every year and in some cases twice a year. We are seeing growth. We look at three different segments. We look at the grocery segment, we look at the science segment and we look at the premium, super premium segments. And I would tell you we are seeing growth in all three of those segments. We put a lot of our real estate as well as some of our marketing into the super premium side of the business in our investments. And we think we are getting a very nice pay off. Customers are responding favorably and I think that's one of the things that maybe growing our transaction count. We talk a lot about CUE and being needs based and this would be example of that. 
Tony Crudele: When we look at we obviously have a lot of initiatives that we have in place to try to drive cost out of SG&A. However, as we indicated in the first conference call as we look out over the year, we do anticipate SG&A being somewhat flattish to potentially negative and that should moderate some as we move through the year as we start to cycle against the Arizona Distribution Center and the mixing centers. And again I remind you that probably the fourth quarter we have the best potential to leverage SG&A because we have the additional sales week of the 53rd week.
Tony Crudele: And so Peter this is Tony. As it flows through to our inventory and our turns generally that type of vendor support would cycle through in about three to four months period. So the majority would be captured in the first quarter. 
Tony Crudele: Sure. Obviously, we anticipate interest expense to increase but not dramatically because as much as we anticipate having outstanding balances at the end of each quarter. There are periods where we have obviously the strong sales as we move to spring where we would not be in a borrow position. So we don't see is being a significant increase relative to an appetite. I think that one of the biggest drivers is the share repurchase program and so that would be a driver and again given how we set up the program, using the metrics and how the stock price move dictate how much we attribute to that program. And that would drive some of the outstanding debt on the balance sheet. So I think we clearly would like to support the stock and continue to do so. But we have a lot of flexibility when it comes to the capital structure because of repurchase program. 
Tony Crudele: Joshua, this is Tony. Little difficult to do and I'd tell you it is really our best estimate this time and until we see how the full season plays out, it really is just that is an estimate. Again, hard to quantify if I gave you my best thought on it, it would probably one third Easter and the other half would be considered the pull forward. But again it is really a combination of the two. So we really prefer not to parse it out. 
Tony Crudele: When we look at the geographic distribution, the strong as I have mentioned on the call was the Southeast and that was -- that area was a little bit more smooth throughout the three months. But for the most part as I had indicated January strong, February a little bit softer and then obviously some strength in March itself. But in all cases all three months were positive and I wanted to say pretty much throughout all geographic locations throughout the quarter. 
Tony Crudele: Jessica, this is Tony. I'll answer that since I have such handle on the consumer themselves but I'd tell you that really our outlook hasn't changed. We are basic need company and people are coming to us for their everyday needs and that is really the consistency of our business model. As we talked about big ticket relatively consistent and again consistent with chain average for the most part in the quarter. So again we have a resilient model because of the basic needs and supporting that of the rural lifestyle and we did not see any significant changes in the consumer patterns throughout the quarter. 
Tony Crudele: We had anticipated that would be the year-over-year drag that we would experience. So yes pretty much consistent what we've originally guided. 
Tony Crudele: Yes. Again relative to the fourth quarter when we analyze it and we look at all the pluses and minuses are probably about 13 to 15 different impacts on that. And really just matter of looking at those and understanding what will by cycling against and where we see the tougher compares and as much as it is difficult to breakout all those pieces for you. It just turns out that the fourth quarter we believe would be one of the tougher comparisons. 
Tony Crudele: Michael, good question. When we look at it there is that potential, we really believe it's just too early to tell what the impact would be again it's just an estimate. If you use that $80 million and you took it out of the quarter it would represent about a 1% change in the comp sales. But again it is just our best estimate at the time and there are a lot of sales that we had so it is too difficult to just make the assessment that all of it would come out of April. 
Tony Crudele: Obviously, we'll look at the variable expenses and which main driver would be your payroll. So we will align our payroll with what we see the sales trends are today April as we move into May. And some of that is really more trending, more current trending as we look at the sales in a particular period. But other than that the expense structure for the most part would be intact. 
Tony Crudele: And I would add Michael that when we do our calculation new store productivity, we did see an increase this quarter over Q4 last year. 
Tony Crudele: Yes. Peter, I highlighted the vendor support relative to the distribution center because that is more of one time issue. But when we look at the margin we have a lot of real positive that occurred. And obviously Steve touched on but that the price management the import the exclusive brand was all very favorable this quarter. The fuel was positive, the way we manage promotion was much more favorable than the prior year. The way we cleared the merchandize. So net-net as much as we -- I played that one item, I would agree with the original perception that it was a very strong margin quarter for us. 
Tony Crudele: When we look at that, Steve and I are looking at each other and I am not sure if it is a matter of how we do our forecasting and maybe some of the conservative nature in the numbers. But we will take a look at the seasons; we will take a look at how we developed our product plan throughout the year. We'll look at the year-over-year and in some cases we may actually go three years deep to look at some of the comparison. So our modeling is built from the bottom up and so we think that as much as the time it maybe a little conservative. We think that as we started the year and we continue through the years, we think that it is very reasonable guidance. 
Tony Crudele: There could be some potential. And again that goes into our calculation and estimate of the $80 million. Obviously, again a little bit difficult assessment because as we moved into April the weather was little cooler. So there was an impact there. So we are constantly assessing as we move through the quarter but obviously as this warm weather is moved in we are really optimistic about the May and June and timeframe and our spring assortment. 
Tony Crudele: And regarding the five ways from my perspective in northeast Ohio, I think some of that like it looks like the chick programs come in later here this year than last. That would be maybe part of it. I'd tell you where you would see the biggest and most significant impact is really more in the seasonal, some of the power equipment and things like that. So where we would have set stores probably in new area in early February the stores would have been set a little bit later up north towards the end of February. And the southern stores really benefited because they actually got product two weeks earlier than what they traditionally would have gotten products. So as Greg said earlier we were able to capitalize on an earlier spring in the south and keep some of that quarter related merchandize out on the floor through really the month of February and start setting spring at that point. 
Tony Crudele: Yes. Scot, I absolutely agree with you and I think you should continue to call Steve Barbarick on that. But we do have some plans in place but I would agree whole heartily it is something that we need to have more discipline around and be more aggressive relative to that because it clearly is sort of the one whole back when it comes to-- there are returns on invested capital. 
Greg Sandfort: Yes, Peter, I am not going to get in specifics necessarily but I would say that we are constantly working with our vendors to improve not just our cost but incentives to what we do. We did go back as we knew that the Arizona Distribution Center would be somewhat costly and ask for some support there. So that's specifically Tony mentioned was a one time deal. 
Greg Sandfort: Certainly. When it comes to the transportation cost, the key to the Arizona Distribution Center is that obviously we are reducing the outbound 10 miles to the store and we are very successful there and we saw a reduction in those transportation cost. But obviously the inbound from many of our eastern based vendors, the inbound miles increased substantially as well. So the key to the program go forward is to make sure that we have either additional facilities of the eastern vendor base and they opened up additional facilities out West and/or we bring on western based vendors. So when -- but the key to the distribution center really is as we move forward and then the stores that we open in the West now will not have that de-leveraging impact that we experienced as we had that accelerated growth out West. So as we bring on new stores out West, they will be less impactful to our transportation cost. And that's really the key benefit to the Arizona Distribution Center. 
Greg Sandfort: Chris, this is Greg. As far as the western stores and respect to that new store performance particularly Utah we talked about the last call, we are still building awareness in that market. And we have an executive trip that we make every quarter with the teams and we chose this past quarter to make the trip out to the West. We were in Phoenix market, Utah market, some other western market. And I must tell you we feel very strongly that it is an awareness issue and as we are seeing the store ramp, we are feeling very good about our future prospects out there. It is about market awareness. It is about how we positioned. There has been some competition in those markets as we’ve come in to them that it takes a little longer and I think we saw this a few years back when we were first entering the Florida market and the Louisiana market. So we are feeling good about it. I think the mix of our business out there is a little different than we've seen in other markets but we are figuring that out, rebalancing some of the store inventories and now with the southwest DC in position we can react to lot faster, so we are feeling very good actually about the West right now. 
Greg Sandfort: No. This new -- overall an aggregate to new stores are performing very well and they are performing at or above pro forma forecast. But in -- not just I won't just say Utah Utah, I just say in a few places in the West, we've seen little slower ramp but that's now beyond us and we are now starting to see the stores performed to a level that is acceptable to us and it kind of fits in with what we expected initially. So it's not just Utah although it was a little bit slower start initially. We are learning. The West is a new market for us. We were in California and I think before we start expansion to the West I think the furthest we were, was probably Colorado. There is lot of room in between that particular state. But we are feeling very solid now that we have -- we understand those markets better. We now have been out there a little over year of most of store base. And I think we are -- there are no concerns for us going forward with the West. 
Greg Sandfort: Yes. As we continue to grow out there in brand awareness. I think that pieces would be that it would take less time for us to gain market share as the brand becomes more aware and accepted out West. 
Greg Sandfort: I make it short. I think we have to keep our foot down on the pedal when it comes to marketing to make sure that we stay with these stores little longer. There are couples of things that are unique in some of these markets from merch standpoint that we've learned and we've addressed that now. And I think we become very good listeners to our teams out there. And what we are doing from a local market presence and that could be interacting with local rodeos with different 4H and FFA groups so there is a heightened what I would call awareness out there who we are now versus our initial approach. And these little different and maybe what we've done in some of the markets where we've an existing presence. It is not overbearing but those learnings we are applying.
Greg Sandfort: Dan, we are in two modules right now. Regular price and clearance. So we kind of cover both sides. We haven't turned on promotional yet. And it is not all about mark up. It is actually a combination of can we find margin or can we find can we drive sales. And so what you turn price optimization on it is an ever moving and living, increasing process and when we are moving to different markets we are going to try different things, test different price elasticity. So you are correct. You will see some improvement on mark down or clearance for that side we are seeing some improvements in our regular price pricing and how we can stay competitive in market. And it's really we needed a system because of all the different pricing strategies we got throughout the country. We are in 49 states. We are not a single regular price on everything and every state being the same. So that is another reason why we put the system in. 
Greg Sandfort: At this point in time we have not made a decision that we would move forward with a promotional pricing module. We are still working to the first two. If we do make that decision then you can bet that we are going to see some type of return on investment or we wouldn't do it. 
Greg Sandfort: Thank you, operator. As we look ahead to 2016, we continue to be excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for Tractor Supply. We are pleased with the first quarter results and the year is off to a good solid start. But there is still a lot of business ahead as Tony mentioned. We will continue to invest in our infrastructure, our system improvements and our omni channel business as we target mid-teens EPS growth. Thank you for your support of our company. We look forward to speaking to you again in July regarding our second quarter performance. 
