Hal Lawton: Thank you, Kurt. Our top priority is the safety and health of our team members and customers. In the current environment, we are more relevant than ever to our existing customer base. At the same time, we are acquiring new customers and seeing market share gains as a result. We are taking this opportunity to invest in the business, do the right thing to support our team members, but also to strengthen our position.  It seems like a long time ago, but many of us were together on March 10, and during that time we share with you some of our early insights on the business and all those items that we discussed, all still are true and are very relevant and you've heard many and them sprinkled through our comments today. We will certainly be leaning into those as we make our investment decisions through the second quarter and the second half of the year. We are not losing sight of the long term.  During these times, we will focus on the strategic opportunities to serve our existing customers, while also expanding our reach. I believe that the strength of a company is shown in a time of crisis. I am confident in this company. We are navigating this one by leveraging our strength and pursuing opportunities that will help us thrive over the long term.  Tractor Supply is a very resilient business with a proven business model. In closing, my thanks and gratitude go to the entire Tractor Supply team. Thank you.  With that, Mary Winn we are ready for Q&A. 
Hal Lawton: Hi Simeon, good morning. This is Hal. Yeah so, maybe I'll just kind of walk through a little bit around kind of the three phases that we have seen in our business and then just talk about how we're thinking about it.  So, the first phase is exactly as you articulated. The last three weeks of March we saw substantive stock up behavior, material stock-up behavior. As we said in the month of March, our comps were 20%. For those three weeks – sorry, my apologies. For those three weeks our comps were 20%, the comp of March 12%. And that was really driven in areas like livestock feed and pet food and things like propane, these very essential almost grocery like categories that our customers rely on us for.  As the first kind of week of quarantine really took hold across the country, that first week of April, we did see some early give back across the hand, really more than just a few days. And then really for the full three weeks of April here's, as we said our sales have been very strong, and they've really transitioned from kind of livestock and pet food feed stock up, to much more the things that I shared earlier on around the life out here lifestyle; things from homesteading and fence management and fence building to poultry and chickens and coops, to sustainable living, to gardening, to landscaping, to lawn care, all those things are really what are driving our business right now, and what we're finding is that you know our existing customers are shopping, they are cross shopping categories in an increased way. We're seeing reactivated customers, customers that haven’t shopped with us in over 12 months in the store, and we're seeing new customers in our store at an all-time high.  What I'd say is that now I'm going to transition a little bit on how we are thinking about it. There are a variety of goes-ins and goes-out that are impacting our business. And we are monitoring all the data on a minute-by-minute hourly basis to take very calculated decisions on how we're driving the business.  One big – in fact there’s several factors, and I’ll hit each one of them quickly. One big factor is the fact that 50% of retail is closed and so pick your number. Even if GDP is down 20% or 25% and there's a much smaller pie, but there is only 50% of retailers. So while it’s a smaller pie, there's a bigger piece of the pie for those retailers that are open.  And how that plays out, as there has been a big category shift to spend during that time if you look at things like food service and retail and I mean clothing, and apparel and entertainment and travel, all those are way down, significantly down and I think there's a big, there's a significant out of category shift happening across consumer spending right now that we're benefiting from.  The second thing I would say is where our stores are located. I think you're seeing this widely talked about in media and you can see in the caseloads that are reported publicly, but we can also see in our results that the more rural the store is the better the performance of that story is, and as we all know just the COVID cases as a percent of population not as dense in those areas, and also the rulers of the country have remained kind of more so open during this time.  The third thing I’d talk about is convenience. Our stores, both the format size, the work we've done on our website to create convenient fulfillment options and our – and the location of our stores typically with a very acceptable parking lot, I think have benefited us for a convenience and being an inviting perspective.  Now those are a lot of the things that are positive, some of those could have some shifts that go against this. I’d say on the flip side, we are absolutely watching how are the reopenings occurring, how is GDP occurring, is consumer spending starting to shift as thing start to reopen and what is that going to mean for us. We are also just watching unemployment overall. We're starting to watch unemployment, how it might affect rural areas and would some of that rural benefit start to give itself back. Certain industries that are in rural areas don't reopen or continue to stay closed.  You know we are watching all those, all those nuances, very, very closely and I’d say collectively up until now they've been very favorable for us, but it's very uncertain how they'll play out over the next month, back half of the year, and really until we reach to either a new normal or a vaccine and we get back to normal. But those are many of the things that we are looking at and a lot of goes-in’s and goes-out’s, up until now very – it’s going our way, but we're being very calculated in all the actions were taking.  Kurt, anything you’d want to add. 
Hal Lawton: Hi Steve, it is Hal. Thank you so much for your question. Hope you're doing well. Yes, to start at the highest level and just say our aspiration is that customers can buy anywhere anytime and get it delivered or picked up or shop with us in any way they want, and you know we talked a little bit about this in early March, in continuing the digitization and omni-channel efforts for Tractor Supply.  Given the COVID-19, you know we rapidly accelerated the rollout of same-day, next-day delivery and I'm just – I can't say enough about the flexibility and the speed of urgency and just to the implementation precision of Roadie, of our stores and our technology team to really get this executed in a really good way.  Roadie’s been a partner of ours for some time. You know I have a really high regard for them. I worked with them when I was at Home Depot over five years ago now and they're – you know they serve a large number of retailers in a similar capacity. And since we already had 400 stores rolled out with them, from a speed perspective moving national with them made the most sense, and they do an excellent job. I've had several orders in the last couple of weeks delivered to myself, as have Kurt.  What I would say is though, we know that we need to have a best-in-class solution and that requires us to test a variety of options, and so we're in the process of doing that. We have the Roadie solution as they have kind of built out and is kind of their normal Roadie Solution in all of our stores right now.  We’re going to take in a subset of stores. We have two different subsets of stores, each 250 in size, where over the next two months we will start rolling out some different pilots. One of those will be a dedicated truck and a dedicated trailer and a dedicated driver that are all owned and operated and staffed with a Tractor Supply team member. So that will be a Tractor Supply branded truck, Tractor Supply branded trailer and also tracked by a team member who will be responsible for the delivery. They also will work our stores to do additional B2B intercepts and to drive kind of that, you know that more sales force oriented like delivery model. And then in another 250 stores we’re working with Roadie to replicate something that’s in between their offering and what we're doing with our own branded truck to have a dedicated truck and a dedicated trailer. It expands the offering of products so that they can deliver, also slightly lowers the cost and that will evaluate those three offerings over the next few months and then provide a further update and then of course rollout the solution that we think that are most needed by our customers.  But again in summary, we know that this is where we have to go. Incredibly pleased with the speed at which we moved and we're continuing to test and pilot, to make sure we've got the right solution and at the end of the day we're committed to taking advantage of this opportunity, and as we get to our new normal and hopefully back to normal for Tractor Supply to have emerged in a much stronger place than we were when we started the coronavirus. 
Hal Lawton: Yes. So hi, it’s good to talk to you today Chuck. I would reference those in terms of those just things people are really doing around their farm and their ranches to just maintain and their homes. So we are seeing, if you think about in our stores if you want, fencing, T-post, you know you are looking at corral gate, you're looking at chickens, you looking at chicken coops, you look at the people creating gardens in their backyard and then buying the vegetables and the rakes and the hose to the tillers to create those. It's really just all the things that our customers do every single day.  You know they are incredibly and a terrible humanitarian crisis, but a byproduct of it is that you know families are spending more time at home and they are spending more time together outside and they are wanting to keep busy and we have really all the things, we are built for that. We are built purposely built to enable people to do those sorts of activities around their homes, their lands, their ranges and their farms and that's the sort of activity that we're seeing, that’s the sort of categories we are seeing lift and drive the business. 
A - Hal Lawton: Hi, this is Hal Lawton. I’ll answer the first couple of components to the question and then I’ll turn it over to Kurt to handle the last part of the question. We're not prepared today to share specific numbers, but what I would say is we are seeing material differences.  First off, I’ll start with all of our stores are generally kind of rural or suburban and we have kind of shades of grey even in the context of that, the way we evaluate and look at our stores. And I guess I'd say is, the more rural the store is, the better the store is performing, speaking generically, and then the closer the city is to an urban area, the lesser the stores performing, kind of speaking generically, and we can kind of map that out. We really see the gradients of their sales performance across almost any category and so you know as you all know, the bulk of our stores are in rural America and core rural America and so that is benefited favorably and I do think many other companies have been talking about a very similar trend.  And then on April to-date, I think what we just say is the growth and the strength that we saw in March has continued into April and we're very pleased with our April results so far. As we said, the customer's category, our behavior has changed significantly and in my view, in a very positive way, the category is demonstrating the essential needs in orientation of our business and into the kind of people's lives and their livelihood and their families and their needs and it's gotten very broad across landscaping, gardening, sustainable living, fencing, homesteading, home care, you know things that really speak to the fullness of the product offering that we as a business carry. So rural stores are very strong. April to-date continues the momentum from March and I’ll turn it over to Kurt and talk about the cost, Q1 versus Q2.
A - Hal Lawton: Yeah, I think that's roughly fair. The other thing I'll add is, and again you know we’ll see how the next two months play out. But like most other retailers that are open, we have pull back on discounting, on coupons, on promotions, you know in the spirit of not trying to drive too much traffic on one day, driving queuing, you know just trying to have more of an everyday ongoing. Really what's the core of us anyway in everyday low price business, which is what we do well every day, and so I think you know we'll see how the next couple months play out and whether or not we – you know how we need to manage that going forward. That’ll be – that's something else that you know it's part of our strategy we've been trying to implement. 
A - Hal Lawton: As I said in my prepared remarks, we're seeing unprecedented really record breaking new customer shopping with Tractor Supply and those customers are shopping with us, both on our e-commerce platform, as well as in store. They're leveraging by-online, pick-up-in-store curbside delivery. As I mentioned earlier, there's a large percentage of new customers that are using that.  But as they shop with us inside of our stores, they're shopping across a whole range of categories and you know whether it be pet food or whether it be a more sustainable lawn care landscaping type offerings, so we’re seeing broad shopping behavior from them we're seeing them really engage in many of our new offerings that we rolled out in the last few weeks, including curbside delivery. As it relates to customer retention, you know I'm really pleased with the efforts that the marketing team has taken over the last few weeks. As we've gone in and put in a welcome to the Tractor Supply kind of customer kit in place and day one, day seven, day 14, what are we doing with these customers? How are we touching them? How are we reminding them that we’re here for them? How are we continuing to engage with them, we’re doing that – and we're doing that not only just in a generic way, but we're also doing it based on the specific categories that they purchased, and the way they purchased with us.  And so, if they bought online with us for the first time, that way we kind of say “hey, wasn’t that great? Hope you enjoyed your experience. Let me tell you about some other things we are doing.” If they bought pet food, were saying “Hey, thanks for buying pet food. By the way you can sign-up for subscription for us, but you also have a bunch of other categories you can shop with us.” So really, you know textbook like, kind of new customer onboarding program that we've rapidly implemented over the last few weeks to make sure that these new customers are retained. 
Kurt Barton: Sure Michael, this is Kurt. And in regards to the range of these additional expenses and the difference between Q1 and Q2, first let me just point out the differences between the quarters. You'll recognize from some of the business updates and releases we started to produce in the mid part of March and later that, the efforts that we took in regards to wages, labor and safety and cleaning began in those last three weeks of the quarter. So those expenses that we pointed out for Q1 were principally in the last few weeks of the first quarter and the expectation as we continue to do that and more just extends throughout the second quarter. Let me just talk about what these costs represent and then how it plays out. The bulk of these costs, about 80% roughly is labor related or benefits related and Hal spoke to much of those in his prepared remarks. Most of the remaining 20% is for supplies and safety and cleaning and how that plays out throughout the quarter or even in the second half, as I mentioned, it really depends on the extent and depth of this crisis, specific to Q2.  The low end of the range assumes that these efforts play out through all of April and May. The high end of that range would assume that we extend all of the wage, the benefits or cleaning if the prices would require that, all the way throughout the second quarter. So that's a way you can think about the cost of how it would impact into the second quarter. 
Kurt Barton: Michael, this is Kurt. Let me take that. Hal pointed out a number of the uncertainties, certainly the things that are favorable to the business right now and all the potential for uncertainty in the near term and even in the back half. The key factors that we were looking at and he mentioned those, we are keeping a close eye on unemployment and consumer sentiment. The timing and extent of the COVID-19 health crisis could impact it, and is there a shift to the impact on rural markets, and then weather always can play a bit of an impact, if you just threw that in there outside of some of the crisis type items.  And those would be the primary ones that we're watching. Most of those are tailwinds right now, and if those were to flip any of those or a combination of those could have that level of impact on the business. But importantly we're confident in our business model and probably never been more evident than these times right now. The strength of our model and being a needs based business in the rural market. So as you can hear, we've got a lot of confidence in our business model and our ability to weather those situations. 
Kurt Barton: Yeah Michael, this is Kurt. Why don't I first address the question on inflation and then I'll toss it over to Seth on timing of product sales. On the inflationary side of it, as I indicated we saw some slight inflationary benefit in the first quarter. In those particulars as you mentioned, we look at it similarly, there are indications in the near term on both oil and corn that in the near term there's more indicators of deflationary pressures in the business. And we would anticipate as it works its way through the supply chain, that in both of those cases we might start to see some modest deflation even playing into second quarter.  And while hard to predict, if following all the forecasts in both of those categories, we would see that pressure may begin to increase a bit more in the second half of the year, and we're going to be watching it carefully. This is about the best we could probably indicate on prediction of this at this point. 
Kurt Barton: Yeah. Hey Kate, this is Kurt. In regards to the margins, let me just hit the gross margin quickly and then SG&A. While we’ve seen strong growth as Hal mention online, he also mentioned a real strong percentage of that being the buy-online, pick-up-in-stores which does carry – which is really what the most effective/efficient way for us to sell online merchandise and not a significant pressure in Q1 one on the gross margin.  More specifically, the impact on gross margin, we saw about a 20-basis point impact on the shift in mix in the last few weeks of the quarter. So if you normalized for the mix shift in the last few weeks, the flat gross margin on a more comparable basis outside of that was running about 20 basis points up. That's about in line with our typical last few quarters.  From the expense side of the operating model, I pointed out the 10-basis point de-leverage from the new DC which we've cycled starting in Q2, and the net impact of the incremental COVID expenses offset by the favorable settlements were a few basis points. If you normalize that, SG&A actually, the seven-basis point leverage would be closer to more about a 20-basis point leverage on a compatible basis. 
Kurt Barton: Yeah Chuck, this is Kurt. As we mentioned, we took some precautionary measures in this environment and in our capital allocation strategy, shifted our priority to liquidity in cash; that's the right prudent thing to do. The business is strong and as we work through this crisis and the macro economic factors and the uncertainties begin to become less uncertain and there's more normalized business, we would anticipate shifting our capital structure back a little bit more to where we previously were.  At this point we're going to emphasize for utmost precautions, just maintain a structure with additional cash. We believe that gives us a real strong position if there were to be a worst case scenario and I would not anticipate reengaging on share repurchases, while we are borrowed on these additional loans at this point.  So we could see ourselves paying those down. We have the ability to prepay whenever we want and upon prepaying down, we would re-evaluate our capital structure, particularly when to re-engage in share repurchases. 
