Tony Crudele: Pete, as far as the comps go, we did have a positive comp in September and really we saw the drag just impact the last few weeks of the month. So as much as we don’t really give monthly comp, I don’t want to go into the specific details as to what the impact was but it did have an impact on the quarter relative to what our expectations were.
Tony Crudele: No, there is nothing unusual and any differences really would relate to timing of the store openings.
Tony Crudele: No. We didn’t specifically focus on D&A. But I would not expect that the run rate in the fourth quarter to step up significantly and it would be more impactful next year as the DC comes on line and we have a full year of depreciation relative to the DC.
Tony Crudele: Yes, Peter, as we try to sort of break out the components, it is obviously difficult because many things overlap. But we firmly believe that probably the most significant driver outside of the fuel, the favorability of the fuel, really was in the price management and really sort of the vendor negotiation and working with the vendors and coming up with some great programs. So that along with the price management tools and getting better at optimizing the prices, I think really was the key component in that large increase in the gross margin percent.
Tony Crudele: Yes. Absolutely our target is to always grow the company EPS in the mid-teens. So that is our goal and we will manage accordingly.
Tony Crudele: You know since there is generally a range, and I know most people are going to probably be doing 15% and 17%, but I like to say mid-teens. So this is somewhere between 13% and 17%. So generally with or without that additional week since it is only a few cents, we anticipate that we will fall within that range. [indiscernible] growth.
Tony Crudele: Good question. When we look to next year, I anticipate right now at this point in time, slight deflation in the, say, first half of the year and then as we move to the back half we expect it to be flat or actually some small level of inflation.
Tony Crudele: No. As we look at it, in the past it's always been the impact on feed and on petroleum products. And those are really the two large drivers. The steel element has been less impactful. And we believe that we have cycled through the majority of some of the declines in feed. So I think that would be the biggest driver so we expect it to definitely moderate next year and stabilize some. And as we have shown in the past, be it moderate inflation or moderate deflation we have been able to manage the business so that we can get to the right bottom line.
Tony Crudele: Sure. The number that you are seeing includes obviously investment through all of the distribution centers. As we complete the southwest distribution center, we anticipate that that’s going to be in the $70 million range. And then the mixing centers, they will vary depending whether it's lease or acquisition but we anticipate putting somewhere in the $6 million range for each one of the mixing centers. So it's not a significant large capital investment.
Tony Crudele: Well, a part of the issue is that we started the distribution project last year so some of the CapEx is split between the two years. So when you are looking at a delta -- but what we look at as far as continued investments in the business is, one, we always want to continue to invest in our store infrastructure and make sure that there are kept as current and up-to-date as possible. But we have other programs. One program in particular next year that we think has a significant return on investment is our LED lighting change out. And not only does it meet our stewardship program but we are really excited about the cost savings as well. So that will be a capital investment but we believe that payback will help throughout next year as well as in future years. So those are the type of initiatives that we are going to be continuing to drive so that we can continue to capture savings and be able to utilize those savings to continue to grow the company in a very efficient and productive way.
Tony Crudele: Sur. You know we anticipate by the end of the year we are going to be around 100 stores that will be services by that distribution center. And generally we map this center out to be able to handle about 250 to 300 stores. So it will have some significant additional capacity. As we move forward, again as I mentioned earlier, a lot of it has to do with vendor shipping points and we will continue to coordinate with our vendors and as our vendor base grows, hopefully they will grow with us as well and have shipping points out west. As well as it will help it will help our capacity when we have imports coming in from the west and that will reduce some of the stem miles. So one of the keys is that as we progress more towards about the 150 store range, we will start to see some benefits and hopefully we will have more of a net impact, net neutral impact when it comes to the P&L.
Tony Crudele: Yes. Now clearly as we move through the year, we will start to gather more of the benefits through the distribution center. And so, yes, as you model, when you look at the drag that we identified in the, I guess about the $0.04 range, I would say in the first year it's going to be slightly weighted more to the first half but it's not going to be something that's so front weighted that there won't be any impact in Q4.
Tony Crudele: Sure. When we look at the -- the biggest number what I had identified which was related to the store support center that happened last year. And I think as we accumulated the adjustments relative to lease write-offs and accelerated depreciation, it totaled in about to $3 million range. So that clearly was the largest one. As we look to the back half of the year coming into it, we had some expense savings initiatives out there and we felt that we did a great job in particular in the third quarter itself. But some of those are really just one time savings that relate just to the third quarter. Again, we are focused on the fourth quarter but as we have forecasted out, we believe that we won't have that benefit of the store support center expenses last year in Q3. So we expect to inch back up into the 10% range versus the 9% that we are at in Q3.
Tony Crudele: Relative to -- they really just relate more to some of the discretionary expenses that we have in the quarter. And even it could be just basic ones relative to how we had managed the store payroll, as we mentioned, in Q2. We went in a little bit heavier with some of our payroll initiatives but as we came into Q3, the team did a tremendous job in managing that. Now as we move into Q4, it's a big selling period for us and we expect to continue to driver our sales with proper adequate staffing to do that.
Tony Crudele: It will vary quarter-over-quarter and one of the biggest impacts is the incentive compensation. So I will always qualify with that. But when it comes to leveraging, we have really been more in the 3.5% to 4% range when it comes to leveraging SG&A. And again my other standard qualification is that a lot of the things that we do as far as improving the business and the initiatives that we have, that expanse runs through our SG&A where some of it will benefit our gross margin initiative. So things like demand planning, obviously the mixing centers expenses in SG&A, the distribution centers in SG&A, but we will get the benefit on the gross margin line. So that’s why I believe that it makes it a little bit more difficult to be able to leverage SG&A and that’s why you see the number running into 3.5% to 4% comp range.
Tony Crudele: Well, when I look at it I really think it would just the timing of the store openings. Our stores that are opening this year are exceeding our pro forma very consistent with past performance. So it's really a non-issue. Some of it from a sales productivity standpoint really can be the mix of the stores that we are opening and that would be the only other impact other than the timing.
Tony Crudele: Sure. Clearly, up north during that period of time where you are expecting a little bit cooler weather, the comps in the upper Midwest and the northeast ran slightly down. And when I say slightly I mean very low single digits during that time period. But other than that the rest of the chain performed very well. So it clearly wasn’t a weather issue when it came to the softness of sales.
Tony Crudele: Well, we had quantified that at being about 90 basis points that it impacted average tickets. When it came to the transactions, for us big ticket is relatively small transaction impact and the impact generally is going to be on the average ticket itself. So I would just use the 90 basis points that we talked about on average ticket.
Tony Crudele: No, I would agree that the most important thing is a lot of it is year-over-year performance and markdowns and clearance through a particular cycle or season. That’s going to override the benefit of any of the price management tools that we put into place. But the key is, as we continue to develop these tools and utilize and become more adapt, we clearly lay a basis of improvements so that we can continue to even in a tough quarter be able to drive more efficient and better sales and obviously drive the comps. So it's really a critical element of our continuous improvement program.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, David, this is Steve Barbarick. And first of all, I think on the last call we mentioned that the oil drilling areas represent about 10% of our total store count. And a large majority of those stores are down in Texas, so I will use the example here. We have got control stores down there and we have got the what we consider to be the oil and gas stores. The oil and gas stores are running positive comps and they have positive traffic. However, with that said, they are running less than company in chain average. Where we are seeing the impact is on some of the categories that are more bigger ticket. So truck boxes and in fuel tanks and some compressors. We are making that up, however, in a lot of the basic needs that our customers have down there in terms of consumable businesses. So generally speaking, we are seeing little bit of an impact but generally it's not been material enough to impact the overall company's comps.
Steve Barbarick: I mean it's been pretty stable. It's trended down a little bit. It's not significant. It's nothing that would be worth noting.
Steve Barbarick: Actually, this is an area that we see an opportunity with. And we have talked a lot on the merchant team about the fact that our customers are looking for value. But value can be on the higher end of the ticket as well. And we have seen some nice movement in recreational vehicles, we have brought in some higher end trailers. We are also looking at a number of commercial products as we move forward. For example, some heavier duty cattle handling cattle handling equipment up in the northwest. Looking at, I guess at higher end trailers, premium rubber footwear, price points that may range up to the $200 price point. We are also expanding some recreational vehicles and we have got a unit right now that we are testing that’s up to $9000. So generally speaking, we are seeing an opportunity with our customers to actually take them upscale by offering new products is differentiated.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. Peter, this is Steve. I would tell you, it can be consistent. I mean there were times of the year where spring seasonal were transitional and fall winter were transitioning. There are always pivotal months. This past quarter we talked a little bit about clearance optimization and while it only makes up a small part of the total pricing management tools that we have, we were able to leverage that tool. We had about 60% of our clearance merchandize on that tool and early learnings suggested that we take markdowns earlier and we take them a little deeper while we have got them in the home before we have to liquidate them in the back of the store. So the team did an excellent job executing to that and we think that tool is going to give us momentum as we refine it and we get better with it.
Steve Barbarick: Seth, this is Steve. It was little bit of a mixed bag because we saw some improvements in things like recreational vehicles and trailers. But the drag was in categories such as, and Tony had mentioned, stoves and log splitters and generators. Those typically tend to be a little bit more weather driven and being a needs based retailer you kind of see that. So I would tend to skew toward that and not a shift in customer spending behavior.
Steve Barbarick: Well, it is early, let me just say that first. And to give you a sense for how early it is, we just starting piling it, I guess, 21 days ago. It's in about 10% of our stores and it's in different regions so we can track it. Right now this is, I think Greg said, we are pleased with the initial response from our customers. What the data is giving us is the ability to track their purchases going forward as well as an email address so we can be more efficient in the way we communicate with them and personalize that communication. We are still working through the next steps in how we are going to manage this. I can tell you that today working with our marketing department, not everything we do is highly efficient. And we are going to be able to tailor some of those dollars and move them into our loyalty program. And at the end of the day, I think what we are going to do is we should see an improvement of loyalty with these customers which should follow sales and it should offset the cost that we would put into the program.
Steve Barbarick: You know Hiram I would tell you that we have got a differentiated assortment and it's what has made our organization very successful. We always talk about that in retail plagiarism is free and highly efficient, so we are shopping our farm store competitors, we are shopping big boxes and automotive centers. And we look it for those categories that we think are relevant to our customers lifestyles. Those folks that live out here as we call it. So again, there is a variety of things that we are testing and trying and I don’t think there is any one or two specific things that I could mention on the call right now that we are probably not attempting somehow in our stores now or in the future.
Steve Barbarick: Hiram, I have been with the organization for 18 years and I am as bullish today as I was 17 or 18 years ago when I got here working in merchandizing.
Steve Barbarick: No, Brian. As a matter of fact the only thing I would say is that the Texas market in total was right about company average. The oil drilling stores were the ones that were below company average. So Texas as a whole is still healthy.
Steve Barbarick: No. I mean, it's not that volatile. I will tell you that when we saw a nice ramp up in compressors and some welders and big ticket merchandize, some of that has come down. But if you look at the total nucleus of the store, okay, in those area those stores are still comping positive and foot traffic is still positive even with the compression on some of the big ticket that we saw there. So I don’t see anything that leads me to believe that Texas, the market itself or the state should be a concern for us.
Steve Barbarick: Generally, what we are trying to do, Brian, is time the closings relative to the lease expirations and do it as close as possible. But at the same time, we want to be able to open new stores and make sure that we transition staff appropriately. So as we see it, we believe the majority of the stores will close in the fourth quarter next year and we anticipate that being somewhere in the 16 to 17 store range in the fourth quarter.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, absolutely. Seth, this is Steve. That launch was really part and parcel of something much bigger and that’s our key strategy. And we added the product in our stores, it was really around more premium for horse, cattle and show feeds. It allowed us to hit higher price points. There was a question earlier about higher price points and how our customers are reacting. You know it's still a relatively small portion of our total business, the expanded line that we put in, but I can tell you it's been incremental and we have seen nice growth in our feed business. And I believe the addition of these SKUs has lend credibility to the entire line. So we are pleased with it.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, Chuck, I mean we have talked a lot about being a needs based retailer and when it comes either wet weather or dry weather, we see our business thrive in many of those cases we are a destination for those types of products. So if it's dry, people need to transfer water. We sell water pumps. We have got a full line of different products to support their needs. So we won't get into the specifics of it but I can tell you as a needs based retailer and the differentiated assortments that we have, we typically do pretty well and I would use the example of the West Coast for example. We have seen dry weather out there for quite a while but yet we continue to open stores and see, as Tony said, above average comps in a lot of those stores. So, again, it works for our model.
Steve Barbarick: Eric, this is Steve. What I can tell you is, as when it got cold a few weeks and few days, we saw our cold weather business move. What I can't tell you is how cold it's going to be in Q4 and what part of the country it's going to be really cold in. What I can say, and Tony said it earlier I think on his initial call, is that last year in November it was colder, December was a little warmer. We think that’s going to flip. But I can't say whether or not all sales are going to be deferred. Q4, we do much more cold weather products than we do in Q3. Q3 was a small portion of the total.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. What I would tell you is that we have invested in a variety of systems and we do expect get some benefit from those systems but there is a number of variables that play in the margin as well. We will continue to become more efficient as we use science rather than art and that’s how we are operating today. So I think we have got a good track record and a good run but I don’t know what percent you are going to see those improvements over time. We are going to continue to operate as we have in the past. Tony, I don’t know if you have anything to add.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. Adam, what I would tell you is is that a lot of it has to do with our strategy around queue. We continue to gain momentum in a lot of those businesses and a needs-based retailer, when you sell a lot of consumables and you build loyalty, and we have got great team members in our stores, you get a lot of repeat customers coming back through. You know there is also the word of mouth marketing that we get the benefit of because we are in local communities. And a lot of the folks that shop us tell their neighbors. And so I think it's 30 straight quarters of comp transaction growth and I think a lot of that stems from a lot of what we are doing inside the store but I would also tell you has a lot to do with the assortments that we put strategies around.
Steve Barbarick: We don’t typically get into the share number game here. What we can say is we are a consolidator for the lifestyle and our goal as an organization is to bring the needs of our customer under one roof and allow them to come in and our hope is that they will shop, peg hooks, shelves, four ways, center courts and end caps. And I think we have done a nice job with our assortments, tailoring them to that lifestyle and they continue to reward us with traffic.
Greg Sandfort: Yes. Simeon, I hate that you waste your question on that one as well. Yes, we do not see any correlation with the farm income and as we look at the performance across the country and in the particular areas where the farming is stronger, again, we can't draw a correlation.
Greg Sandfort: Yes, good question. When we look at it and model it out, our goal is to obviously support the operations at DC by reducing transportation cost. And as we move into next year and as I mentioned that we do anticipate having a drag next year, a net drag between the transportation improvements and the operations of DC. One of the keys is to reduce the stem miles and that is very dependent on our vendor base and making sure that they have key shipping points out west. And so we do anticipate and we modeled accordingly to show some reduction in the stem miles but we still have some more work to do as we continue to improve the shipping points from the vendor base.
Greg Sandfort: No, I think definitely the stem miles will decrease substantially, so we will have a positive impact relative to the gross margin. Just not to the extent that it will offset the full four wall operations of the distribution center.
Greg Sandfort: Hiram, it's Greg. The strategy behind our omnichannel business is very simple. It's called the three Cs and it first starts with content. And content means giving the customer the information they need to make a decision to either buy online, buy in our store, research products that they think they have either an interest in or a need to have to satisfy something that they are either doing, building a project or something that they need to replace on their property. The second piece of it is community. And what we are finding is, through our experience right now out there in some of the social sites and our activity there, our consumers like to converse with us and with one another. So all that’s doing is bringing them closer to us as a consumer base making us more of the desired, I think, retailer for them to exchange hopefully commerce with. And that is then the third C, commerce. And we are not -- we didn’t set our site up nor did we ever think that it was going to be a large percentage of our sales. Our stores are located out where the customer lives. We are more convenient, if they break something let's say on a particular piece of tillage equipment or they blow a gasket on a small engine, they are not going to dial into the Web site and expect to get that delivery and wait for two or three days. They are going to expect to go to the store, find the part, replacement part, repair what they are doing and get back to the task. So the commerce side for us as we build out this entire omnichannel piece is to have immediate product available to them because we live close to them. So the strategy is, the first two Cs to be the first C. And we are never going to say that it's going to be a large percentage of our business but we are convinced and through the Neighbors program we are going to be able to track much closer those customers who are engaging with us through the web and then tying that back to a four wall store sales number.
Greg Sandfort: Denise, this is Greg. I won't give you which categories are doing best or worst, I think it follows suit to what you heard for the rest of the company sales. We suffered a little bit in heating and other places like that. What we are finding is because this side is more easier to navigate with, the customers are starting to add multiple things to baskets. Our actual traffic is up, our conversion is about flat to where it was but that’s anytime you go through a change like that in the Web site or some things you have to do within Google's search engine to gain that some of that back. But we are very optimistic that the changes we have made as we go through the holiday season are going to benefit us in a big way.
Greg Sandfort: Yes, I would tell you that, Ben, that it's a model we need to make sure that it's going to prove itself out. We, as you know, had about a two year, 18 month to two year test of this in the back of one of our other distribution centers where we had space. We have now rolled two physical facilities into play. So far I would say we are pleased but some of the challenges, they are going to be different in different markets. So right now we placed these two in Texas and these are high velocity feed food markets. As we will use these in other parts of the country and the key behind this is to bring inventory more direct to the store, faster replenishment, pull that inventory out of the back of the store so they don’t have to hold two and three weeks worth of supply. That makes it so much easier for a store to operate. But so far so good but it's going to be little different by region and all I can tell you is we may not 30 or 25, we may find it 15 to 18 is enough. But it really is -- supply chain build out is something we are still working through and we will give you more information on that as time progresses.
Greg Sandfort: Well, the last several DCs we have built, one was a replacement DC from a Georgia DC to another, the other was one located in the Midwest here early, I will call it beginning of the south which is up in Franklin, Kentucky. And that was just based upon volume of stores that were opening in the region. So here would be some of the benefits in this Arizona facility. Stores in the West Coast no longer have to have merchandize moving from Waverley, Nebraska and Waco, Texas. The transit time is long. So we should be able to turn that transit time and make it much shorter to replenish those stores if we see a run on the certain category of business. Secondly, we will hold a little different mix of product in that distribution center than you would have say in the eastern part of the United States because the climate and temperatures are different out there. So some of the unique mix of products that we would not typically store in the other DCs we will put into this distribution center in hopes of having more of the manufacturers that build that specific product sitting in the West Coast for either manufacturing or their own distribution facility so we can move it to our DC and then back to our stores, not moving it from the east all the way across to our DC and then from there to the stores. So it's really about replenishment capability and turnaround time.
Greg Sandfort: Jamie, good question. Here is a couple of things to think about. One is, mixing centers are closer distance to the store base than the large DC. So the whole philosophy behind that was to be able to turn merchandise faster back to the stores, replenish and keep the weeks of inventory out of the backrooms because our stores don’t have large backrooms. We like to bring inventory in so much just in time and push it to the floor. So the modeling we have done on all this would tell you that number one, it makes the store to easy to operate and number two, we should see some gain in turn. But the facts are that we have only got two up and running. It's not significant enough to probably impact the overall company turn at this point but longer term it should.
Greg Sandfort: Dan, not really a change in real estate strategy, more of a learning from our real estate portfolio. And what we have seen that it continues to work for us. Today our base store is a little different than it was maybe ten years ago when we are purely, for the most part, a rural lifestyle store sitting a good 15-20 miles outside of most city limits. Today with some of the urban crawl and some of the other locations that our real estate model has told us can work for us, we do sit a little closer to some of the Home Depot's and Lowe's. We are not as far out as we once were. About 67% to 68%, I think the number of our stores, sit within a proximity of a Home Depot and a Lowe's. So we complement one another in those markets, to be very honest. I think you may have had one of the store walks with the team and you notice that we both have hardware but it's very different assortments. We both have tools, but we are heavily into welding and in to power equipment that’s used in air tools whereas they are into more hand tools and electric type products. So the store base will continue to evolve, Dan, as the model tells us where we can place those stores. But it hasn’t changed really that much it's just evolving. 
Greg Sandfort: Probably a little down, to be very honest because we came out of the spring season. Steve and his team did a great job managing through the inventories and we are actually chasing some product towards the latter part of second, early third quarter. But what caused a little bit of movement upward was really all the forward movement of some heating products and things into the assortment and into the stores a little earlier. Yes. That was the impact of it.
Greg Sandfort: I would also say, Adam, the emphasis Steve and the merchant team and the marketing team and the stores team have put in to this localization of products and really being understanding the market needs has played off and paid big dividends for us. Our stores may look the same as you walk through them but as you go down those aisles, as Steve was saying those end caps and that, you are going to notice very specific products geared toward those individual markets. And in this business and those who we compete with in this business, they are good at that. And that’s something that we have gotten far better at for the last several years.
Greg Sandfort: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for joining us today and we are looking ahead and we are pleased with our performance as I said for the first nine months of the year and we really do feel very positive about our position heading into fourth quarter. Along with our continuous improvement efforts as Steve had mentioned, we have got things happening in merch and in marketing and we will continue to invest in our systems and infrastructure to support the long-term growth of Tractor Supply, driving return on capital and achieving our goal of mid-teens annual earnings growth. Thank you for your continued support of Tractor Supply and we look forward to speaking with you again in January regarding our fourth quarter and full year of 2015 results.
