Mary Winn Pilkington: Good morning and welcome everyone to Tractor Supply’s Fourth Quarter 2021 Enhanced Earnings Event. The video we just shared, I hope, has you in a Tractor Supply state of mind. Thank you for taking the time to join us today. We look forward to the time we can host this event in person. We have a packed agenda today. Our executive team is excited to bring you many updates of where we’ve been since our last event in October 2020 and where we are headed in 2022 and beyond. To do that, we will lead off our meeting with Hal Lawton, our CEO and Kurt Barton, our CFO. They will review our operational and financial highlights for the fourth quarter and 2021. Kurt will also provide more details on our 2022 financial outlook. Then Hal will provide an update of our multiyear Life Out Here strategy. It continues to be our north star in our day-to-day operations and mindset. Our Senior Vice President of Marketing, Christi Korzekwa, will join us to discuss important insights we have learned about our core customer as well as the new customers that we have gained. Then John Ordus, our EVP and Chief Stores Officer, will illustrate how Tractor Supply is a relationship retailer and share our approach to continue to deliver and elevate our legendary customer service. At this point, we will have a quick break at around 10:15 Central. After the break, Rob Mills, our EVP and Chief Technology, Digital Commerce and Strategy Officer, will share new capabilities we are introducing as we continue to enhance our customers’ digital experience. If you followed Tractor Supply over the last 20 months, you’ve heard us speak about our exciting changes in store layout with Project Fusion, along with our Side Lot remodels. Our EVP and Chief Merchandising Officer, Seth Estep, will give a quick tour of these revitalizing efforts inside of our stores as well as a couple of other features that continue to allow Tractor Supply to lead the market. Up next, Colin Yankee, our EVP of Supply Chain, will provide insights on how we continue to evolve our supply chain and differentiate as the dependable supplier for our customers. Then Kurt will bring it all together and layout our plan to deliver strong and sustainable total shareholder return. He will speak to our long-term growth outlook, the progress we have made with the execution of our strategic investments and our capital allocation priorities. Finally, Hal will wrap up the presentations, after which we will take a quick break before going into an extensive Q&A session with our executive team. Our goal is to allow at least an hour for the Q&A. But before we get too far down the road, I’d like to ask you to take note of our Safe Harbor statement. Please note some of the discussions, presentations and statements that we make today regarding our business operations and financial performance maybe considered forward-looking. Such statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. In many cases, these risks and uncertainties are beyond our control. Although the company believes the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations or any of its expectations or any of its forward-looking statements will prove to be correct and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements are included at the end of the press release issued today and in the company’s filings with the Securities Exchange Commission. Because we use select non-GAAP measures to describe our business performance, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which are included in the appendix of this presentation and will be posted on the IR section of our website as part of today’s call. The information contained in this webcast is accurate only as of the date discussed. Investors should not assume that statements will remain operative at a later time. Tractor Supply undertakes no obligation to update any information discussed in this webcast. Please note this event is being recorded. It will be available for replay on our website at ir.tractorsupply.com under the Events and Presentations link. You can also find the slides from today’s presentation there. Before Hal and Kurt joined us, we wanted to share some of the big wins for Tractor Supply in 2021, many of which we will be discussing later today in detail. Let’s take a look. [Video Presentation]
Mary Winn Pilkington: Thank you, John. We will take a moment here for a quick break. When we return, Chief Technology, Digital Commerce and Strategy Officer, Rob Mills, will share details on consumer-facing digital initiatives; Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer, Seth Estep, will provide an update on remodeling efforts inside and outside of our stores; and our Chief Supply Chain Officer, Colin Yankee, will share our vigorous efforts to meet strong consumer demand in a challenging supply chain environment. We will see you back in a few minutes. [Video Presentation] Welcome back. A reminder that a Q&A session with members of our executive team is coming up after this round of executive presentations. So, please stay with us. Joining us now to share how investments in our digital platforms are providing better customer experiences is EVP, Chief Technology and Digital Officer, Rob Mills.
Mary Winn Pilkington: Thank you, Colin. Before Hal joins us to share his closing thoughts, EVP, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Kurt Barton, rejoins us to deliver Tractor Supply’s strategy for robust shareholder returns.
Mary Winn Pilkington: Thank you. All right and our next question will come from Peter Benedict with Baird. Good afternoon. I guess, your time Peter. Nice to see you think morning.
Mary Winn Pilkington: Thanks, Steve. And our next question will come from Scot Ciccarelli at Truist. Hey, Scot. Nice to see you.
Mary Winn Pilkington: Thanks so much, Scott. Up next is Joe Feldman with TAG. Hi, Joe. Please go ahead with your question.
Mary Winn Pilkington: Thanks Chuck. And our next question comes from Oli Wintermantel with Evercore ISI. Hey Oli, how are you today.
Mary Winn Pilkington: We have got time for two more questions. So, we will go up to two more questions. And up next is Bobby Griffin with Raymond James. Hi Bobby. Bobby, we are having a little bit of trouble hearing you.
Mary Winn Pilkington: Thanks Bobby. And our last question will come from John Lawrence with Benchmark. John, please go ahead with your question.
Mary Winn Pilkington: Alright. Well, that’s going to be our final question. As always, those were some great questions. So thank you, everybody, for your time today. We really appreciate you joining us virtually to learn more about what we think makes Tractor Supply such a special company. I also wanted to take a minute to thank Marianne Denenberg, and a multitude of others at the company who helped pull off today’s event to showcase Tractor Supply. An event of this scale takes a lot of partnership to all of those at Tractor Supply that supported Investor Relations program. Please accept my sincere appreciation and gratitude on behalf of the investment community. And thanks to all of you for taking time out of your day to join us virtually. We look forward to speaking to you again on our first quarter 2020 call in April. And Marianne and I will be around today to take any questions this afternoon. Take care, and please stay safe.
Hal Lawton: Thanks, Kurt. We appreciate everyone in the audience spending the last couple of hours with us. As we transition to Q&A, I hope you found compelling the updates we shared with you today. Kind of a quick summary of the incremental news we discussed. One, we are capitalizing the many macro structural benefits such as rural revitalization, self-reliance, home steady and pet ownership and we are investing in our capabilities like digital and loyalty to continue to widen our moat with the competition. Two, we provided an update to our long-term financial outlook that includes raising our operating margin to 10.1% to 10.6%. Three, we operate in a large, attractive and fragmented growing market that we now estimate to be $180 billion. Four, with our growing total addressable market and the vibrancy of our trade areas, we now see the opportunity for an additional 200 Tractor Supply stores, bringing our total store opportunity to 2,700 locations. Five, we had the financial flexibility to invest in our Life Out Here strategy and return capital to shareholders through the combination of dividends and share repurchases. Today, we announced our Board’s approval to increase our quarterly dividend by 77% and an additional share repurchase authorization of $2 billion. We remain committed to maintaining a disciplined capital allocation strategy to create value for our shareholders. Tractor Supply has a deep history and a track record of success. We are coming off a record 2 years. We have compelling opportunities for continued growth and the team to execute. The future tomorrow is bright for Tractor Supply. Thank you. Now we’ll take a 5-minute break before we go to the Q&A segment. See you in a minute. [Video Presentation]
Hal Lawton: Hey, Peter, and thanks for joining us today. I appreciate your question. If we look backwards last year, I just can’t say enough about the fortitude and grit determination of the team to get 80 new stores open, to have 300-plus Fusion stores and over 150 Side Lot stores. And as you mentioned, given all the disruption from COVID is related permitting and construction crews and the availability of things like fixtures and other materials. To be able to still achieve our goals from the beginning of the year, it’s just a real tribute to that team. In light of those issues, which we expect to persist for all of this year, we kind of kept our cadence for this year, similar to last year, as we talked about a couple of hundred Fusion stores, around 150 side lot stores and again, another 80 new store. And then if you kind of – all of our new stores also will be done with Fusion and many of our new stores also have garden centers. And then if you kind of take the balance, it will be really equally spread over the remaining 4 years as we lead to 2026, and that does assume a slight step-up in annual cadence from ‘23 and beyond. On the returns, we are very – continue to be very pleased with the returns of both Fusion and Side Lot. As we shared on our last earnings call, the Fusion-only stores are running in that kind of mid-single-digit comp once they get kind of the 12-month kind of cycle, maturity cycle. And then our combo stores are right at that kind of high single-digit comp. We’re very excited that we’ve got about 150 stores in our Side Lot combos that will be hitting that 12-month mark right around the time spring hit. So it’s going to be a great opportunity for us to drive some sales and drive some share with those fresh stores. On the TAM, we talked about in my presentation about adding $40 billion to our TAM. And that is dominantly lawn and gardening, kind of live goods. And it’s a fresh category for us, and one we think is a great opportunity. Our customers qualitatively, as we talked about, I talked about it being the number one category that they participate in that we least serve them in. And we’re seeing great results as we talked about in the first cohort of stores. On the cost, it’s hard to get each individual store because there is so much nuance depending on the setup of the store and the age of the store. But toughly, the way to think about it is we took our capital from $300 million to $600 million, roughly. About $100 million of that is supply chain with little technology. That leaves about a couple of hundred million left that involves our store investments. And then if you take the kind of 350 combo Fusion, Side Lot stores this year, you can kind of divide those into each other and get a sense. The range is anywhere from $0.5 million to $1 million a store that really just depending upon the nuances around that store. But again, really pleased with the return we’re getting strong return on investment capital it’s hitting all of our business cases. And as I said, we’re really excited about having over 150 Side Lot stores open for business when we hit the spring garden season.
Hal Lawton: Hey. Zach, and I appreciate your question, and thanks for joining us today. I’d say two things. First off, kind of to clarify, high single-digit I think is kind of what we’re on the record right now, around the 12-month mark for the combo stores. As it relates to the impact on comp, I think that’s around – that’s roughly right. You take, call it, 9%, 10% lift on kind of 10% of the store base annually. And do the math, and that’s about what the contribution should be. That’s certainly baked guidance. And as Kurt said, it’s the thing that really gives us confidence in our guidance. And the last time we did an investor enhanced earnings call was in October 2020, we’re roughly 35%, 40% bigger in revenue, right, larger revenues from that date. And yet we’re still holding to our 4% to 5% long-term comp growth and 6% to 7% revenue growth. And it is because of the investments we’re making in the Side Lot and in Fusion and there are other areas that we’re confident they are really going to go after that growth and drive those sales and that we can do that mid-single-digit comp on top of revenue growth of over 50% in the last 2 years. And as we said, again, we’re very excited about having well over 150 Side Lot stores business here in the spring season, and we’re getting even a better read on the impact that it can have on our business.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Absolutely, Steve. Thanks for your question. And I’ll pass it over to Rob to address that. I appreciate it.
Hal Lawton: Yes, hey, Scott. Thanks so much for the question today. I appreciate you joining us for the event. And I’ll toss it over to Christi to talk about our new customers and the customer insights for seeing.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey, Michael, and tanks for the question. I mean I think the math you provided is really kind of the math that our guidance reflect is about four points of inflation in the year that will drive ticket up, kind of a give back on ticket of a couple of points because of stimulus due to last year’s kind of surge in big ticket, kind of netting to a couple of points. And then the balance of our comp range made up of comp transactions to kind of get there, so in kind of that 1% to 2% range on the comp transactions. And we feel very good about that formula. And we’re committed to unit growth, and we’re committed to comp transaction growth this year. And we gained substantial share over the past years we talked about. We think there is a big opportunity to continue to do that. And then on deflation, I think there is a likely – there is – that’s always out there. I think it’s really unlikely for the foreseeable future for a variety of reasons. Dominantly that the majority of the inflation we’ve seen is, I think, structural in terms of the new levels that we’re at, whether that’s wages, many of the cost of goods, freight, imports. I think we’re going to see a kind of a structural holding of a lot of those costs. I don’t know they will continue to see inflation, but I don’t know we’re going to see significant deflation on that certainly in the next 18, 24 months or so. And the other thing I’d say is our past cycle on inflation, it’s been really kind of the core commodities that drove it. And here, it’s really across the board. I mean, we’re seeing cost of goods increases due to wages, cost of goods due to steel, cost of goods due at other raw materials and our manufacturers’ wages. So I think it’s more structural in nature. The final thing I would leave is we lot more sophistication around our pricing tools and our competitive pricing engines that we had before. And so we’re just a lot more sophisticated in the way we can navigate through that. But regardless of how the environment evolves, I think we’ve shown our ability to be flexible, agile, deliberate performance, stay priced in the market, continue to gain share and deliver results, and that’s our commitment, whether it’s an inflationary environment or a deflationary environment.
Hal Lawton: Yes. It’s something we certainly watch closely. Christi and the team have a number of ways that they monitor the health of our customer, whether it’s quantitative and qualitative. I’d say, right now, the home market is really strong, right? There is less than 1 million homes that are available on the market around, I think, 900,000 last month, 1.6 million, 1.7 million new homes being built right now on an annualized basis. existing home sales, well above $6 million. I think that’s going to continue for really the next couple of years at a minimum, even in spite of interest rates and even likely in spite of – within reason, home prices. You just got a millennial generation that’s now wanting to purchase homes. And I think in general, that’s good for us. When people buy homes or transact around homes, it creates projects. It’s a big project starter, and we see that in our business. And I think it’s going to continue on. The consumer still has over $2 trillion of pent-up savings. I think the last month or 2, if you look at the data, they have started to tap into that a little bit. But there is runway certainly for the balance of this year as they draw down, so to speak, on those pent-up savings to drive the GDP growth that I think is being forecasted really across the country. And I think rural customers have navigated this environment better than the average kind of a consumer out there. And I think we’re in a very favorable market as we head into 2022. Thanks so much, Chris for your questions.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Thanks so much, Scott, for the question. And as you were mentioning, just in wrap up here, we are literally pushing every corner of the store really into kind of a more modern, contemporary assortment, right? A Seth shared, shared expansion of power tools into kind of a legitimate tool chorale, expansion of pet into full fledge pet offering, deepening our commitment around animal feed, expanding into live goods, bringing in services like pet wash. John has over 250 stores now doing delivery with our own trucks. So just so many things that we’re pushing the envelope, so to speak, on every inch of the store, all around just sweating our assets more, getting more productivity out of those stores and delivering those mid-single-digit comps. Our goal is to gain market share every single year to grow above GDP, to grow above retail and to grow above growth rates. And we think we’ve got an exciting plan to do that.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Brian, thanks for the question. I’ll break it into three buckets. First off, we talked about over the last few years, our market grew at about 25% in aggregate over those 2 years. And I think that does say to all the trends that we’ve outlined and you implied in your question. The second two things I’ll highlight are really around investment. We’ve got substantial structural advantages in our digital business, in our Neighbor’s Club, in our supply chain, in our store base and the way we train our team members, the technology we use inside of our stores for our team members like our Theatro headsets and our Honeywell handheld devices. And so – and those are things that we have historically invested in and there are things we invested in over the last 2 years. It was mentioned earlier about our operating margins come up in the context of our sales, perhaps not grown as much as some others out there. And the reason is because we put a lot of that expense back into the business, we kept our stores heavily staffed, we paid the appropriate wages, we invested in marketing, we invested in digital. And I think as we talked we gained – our sales grew over 50% over the last few years. And it’s really – the reason we been able to double the market growth rate is because we had the inventory in our stores. We had the people to service them. We had buy online, pick up in store when others didn’t. We had a Neighbor’s Club program talk those customers and bringing them back into the stores. We had a supply chain that partnerships that allow product to flow in a way that others couldn’t. And once people over 2 years change their shopping behaviors, it’s really quite infrequent for them to slip back unless we let them down. The third thing is all the structural all the incremental investments we’ve made in our Life Out Here strategy, the Fusion stores, the garden center stores, all the incremental technology investments we made. Last year, we talked about mid-single digits on Fusion, doubled – high single digits on the Side Lot combo stores. And that was only on 300 and 150 stores. So we are starting to see kind of the initial impact of those in our comps, and we’re excited about those continuing to drive our business in the future, plus it’s holding on to those customers and having a higher sales base. But I kind of break it into those three buckets, structural trends driving the overall market, us being committed to operating with excellence in the midst of the last 2 years and then investing on top of that with that momentum to gain even more share.
Hal Lawton: Yes. So, I will take the unit potential question then turn it back to Kurt to talk about operating margin leverage. On the unit potential, what we have is John and the team have been very sophisticated kind of map of our country, kind of ZIP code by ZIP code. We know what the demand potential is. We know where our stores are, we know where competitive stores are. And we look at those void spaces that are in that map. We then take those void spaces and bounce them up against the financial model and say, does it create value if we put a store there? And historically, that analysis has led us to 2,500 stores. Now with the growth in our market, that creates one, some new void spaces, but also it makes some void spaces that were not previously financially attractive, more financially attractive now. As I mentioned, our new stores over the last 3 years have significantly outperformed their business case. Our new stores are profitable in the first year. And so the combination of those factors led us to take our new store target up from 2,500 to 2,700. And we feel very confident in that number. And hopefully, in a couple of years, there is more on top of that, but we feel very good about that number. And Kurt can talk about our operating margin leverage.
Hal Lawton: And Karen, the only thing I would say is like in a really simple way for me is you have got revenue growth of kind of 6% to 7%. And then you got the EPS growth, which Kurt took us through at 8% to 11%, and then you were buying a couple of percent of share back. So, if you take those out, we are kind of growing EPS kind of 6% to 9% organically, which means earnings are going to grow kind of with sales or slightly better on an annualized basis on average. And which means kind of particularly after this next year to cycle of investment, we will grow kind of operating margin about 0.1 point a year, and that kind of leads you up to that 10.6%.
Hal Lawton: Yes. And I would just speak, Christi and the team are just doing an outstanding job. I think raising the awareness of our business, going from 34 points 2 years ago to 55 points. Now, that 21-point awareness increase, I think has really helped kind of drive traffic into our stores. And then whether it’s through online and product assortment or John and the team at customer service, that conversion in the store and then holding those customers. And then I think just continues to build on top of itself as we continue to grow that awareness and have that fantastic experience in our store and online. As it relates to the kind of operating margin algorithm, I think the way we think about it is very similar to the way we have talked about the last couple of years, which is we would see us continuing to kind of that 10.1% to 10.6%. Last year, we did a 10.3%. The year before that, it was a 10.1%. And the bulk of that gain was really in gross margin rate as we held SG&A kind of roughly flat. As we think about the next few years, particularly once we get through this peak investment over this year and next year. I think gross margins will hold to maybe moderate some. And then the leverage is where that we will see will be in SG&A. And that’s what kind of gives us that range between 10.1% and 10.6% with us creeping towards the middle to higher end of the range as we get into the out years of the 5-year range. And Seth and the team are doing a fantastic job navigating all the cost inflations that are coming through, offsetting it in ways they can and then passing through some on price. And then importantly, maintaining little to no promotions and then also little to no clearance. And the great thing is we list on last year, we were asking whether or not the little to no promotions could remain kind of structural in nature or whether or not that would creep back in. And I think after a couple of years, really the behaviors in the market have evolved, particularly as we look at this year and continuing to be constrained still in supply chain. So, we feel really good about maintaining kind of little to no promotions as we look into future and kind of stay in core to our EDLP trip routes.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hi Daniel. Thanks for joining us today and I appreciate the question. I would start by saying, we have seen some modest increases in our turnover this year, certainly relative to last year when turnovers were at all-time lows. But I think we fared much better than most companies. One, first and foremost, because of our culture and our commitment to mission and values and all the things that John talked about earlier around our commitment to the communities and hiring our customers. And then secondly, we have made substantial investments in wages and benefits and other benefits over the last couple of years, which have served us well in terms of retention. And then in terms of kind of flow through the business, our – we are up substantially on C.U.E. over the last couple of years. No one sells more animal feed and bag animal feed in the country than we do. We are one of the top retailers on pet food as well. And interestingly, on – particularly on the pet side, our customers skew larger on their pets, right. So, we sell more than anyone 50-pound bags of dog food and certainly the vast majority of our animal food are 50-pound bags, and that’s flow through, a lot of tonnage through. We are the lowest cost to serve all those in the market. We are committed to being the lowest cost to serve. We are committed to be able to be in stock on those. And that’s really a lot of what Colin’s presentation and focus is going to be on for the next couple of years and let him elaborate a bit on that.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hi Liz. Yes, that’s correct. All new stores are being built with the Fusion layouts. So – and that was the case in 2021 and will be the case moving forward. As it relates to the garden center, it’s really on a store-by-store basis, whether or not the store is built with a garden center, depends on what the market opportunity assessment tells us. What I would say is this year in 2022, the vast majority of our new stores will have the garden center, and that’s incremental to some of the guidance that we gave on our existing store base through the presentation. And then as it relates to Petsense, we haven’t had a chance to talk about that business today, but the business is doing very well. Matthew Rubin joined us last year about this time to lead the business, done an excellent job of kind of driving the business. They had an excellent year, strong sales growth and profit growth, a number of new stores built. We have made several elements of integration that are customer facing like we now sell for health branded food inside of Petsense. We are in the process of doing some things in terms of integration later in the year on Neighbor’s Club and also some integration on branding. We are also taking our software now implemented that inside of Petsense. And we are also working on kind of a centralized inventory platform, whereas right now, the stores are done via kind of the individual store base. And so a lot of work is going on to leverage the breadth of Tractor Supply to make Petsense better. The team is doing a great job driving it. We have got a number of new stores that will be built for Petsense this year, and we are excited about the future of that business.
Hal Lawton: Yes, it’s a great question. And I think we think about it the latter, that kind of long-term GDP, the country is kind of 2% to 3%. Our market typically maybe grows kind of 0.5-ish point above that, 2.5% to 3.5%, maybe ease up to 4% with our comp guidance of 4% and 5%. We are certainly taking share in the markets that we are already in. And then the building of new stores just allows us to take incremental share on top of that. So, it’s a bit of a blend of the two scenarios you mentioned, but it’s certainly taking share with our existing stores, growing our sales productivity. And then on top of that, also gaining it through both new store build-outs as well as digital.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hi. Thanks for the questions. First off, I would start off by saying our pet business is incredibly strong. We talked about our C.U.E. and its performance over the last handful of quarters, out-comping our overall store. And then we mentioned that pet particularly dry dog food is outperforming even our C.U.E. business. So, our pet business is very strong, both in-store and online. And then we certainly want to make sure we are providing a full suite of services around that. And I will let John talk a little bit about the dynamics and we have a pet wash or a pet clinic or a mobile clinic and how that plays out in our stores.
Hal Lawton: Yes. So, pet wash is now kind of a core component set outline of our Fusion stores. Really, the only time it’s not going into a Fusion stores when there is a legit kind of a real space limitation. So, we see over time, the vast majority of our stores having a pet wash. The mobile clinics, the vast majority of our stores already have mobile clinics. At a minimum, it’s every two weeks, but there is a lot of our stores that had it twice a week. And then on the wellness clinics, that what I think is still a bit more in a testing mode for us. As Seth talked, we are in that kind of 50 store, 60 store range. We will add some more this year through Fusion, but we are really excited about the benefits and the performance of those, and we will look to do more as we see the performance over the next year or 2 years.
Kurt Barton: Yes, hey, good morning Kate and thank you for the questions. On operating margin, as you think about the long-term targets, one, we are extremely pleased with the performance of the business. And the last 15 months have really shown in regards to is it structural, is it transitory in regards to the performance of the company, a lot more visibility and confidence in the structural nature of our business. And really that was one of the key factors when you look back to our enhanced earnings event 15 months ago. So, what we have seen first from the top line is that the belief in the structural nature of that really gives us the confidence on the SG&A that you have got that leverage. In regards to your question about how the cadence and what are some of the factors? I’ll break it down between gross margin and SG&A and over time. So with gross margin, certainly, we recognize right now we are in unprecedented inflationary times, managing that really well. We expect that inflation, as I mentioned, our 2022 guidance, to persist in over the next few years we expect a general inflationary environment, but more typical modest inflation and we believe we can manage that through our scale and through our retail price management. Transportation and the supply chain disruptions, we believe those maybe a little bit longer in nature and it might take a few more years to be able to actually normalize on it. But in the back end of that timeframe some of that transportation easing and normalization. In addition to that, on the SG&A side, we look at it in our investments right now we are hitting some of the peak investments. We understand that those investments put pressure on the SG&A and it’s the right thing for the long-term, along with investment in wages. So, the next couple of years have a stronger pressure in operating margin, but when you take the easing on the gross margin pressures of inflation, when you think about us beginning to have traction on the investments and our ability to drive efficiencies. I’ll even mention really proud about our profit improvement, our operating efficiency programs that we’ve got. We believe those are key drivers along with leverage from scale that allows us to be able to invest for the long-term, grow the top line. And during this time of investment, where you heard from Seth, really transforming many of our stores that we can do that while maintaining and potentially even grow our operating margin in the next 5 years. So it again, will be a little bit of easing into that. And maybe perhaps in the back end of it is more the upside of it, but we like that algorithm and the excitement that having an operating margin above 10% with phenomenal growth.
Kurt Barton: Simeon, yes, thank you for the question. I think it’s a great one. And this team is basically focused on managing our operating margin overall. Here’s a couple of the things that in regards to over the next 3 to 5 years. You pointed out the investments that we’re making on the business. When we look at our operating margin, we look at what we’re doing to invest from a position of strength and for the future. We’re making key investments in the SG&A, and we’re making investments in our supply chain. And those investments in the supply chain will help drive the market share and the sales that will help drive gross margin. We’re making investments field activity support team. We’re making investments in our IT technology. So we’re making the right investments, and yes, that puts some pressure on the SG&A, but our focus on driving market share for the long-term and the ability to be able to enhance that gross margin, it’s going to differ between the years. But we’re going to be really focused on top line being competitive and getting a good price to our customer and maintaining a good operating margin and keeping that even balanced. I’ve mentioned in my presentation, I put in that slide that we recognize there is some uncertainties in the financial algorithm today, unprecedented inflation. We’re seeing wage inflation and make sure that we’re positioned again to invest in our stores, in our technology by doing all of those things along with just having COVID expenses still in the business like most of retail. All of those costs we have some expectations continue to play into the financial algorithm, and there is opportunity. We want to be careful. We want to be prudent in our operating margin. And we feel like some of those factors turn positive in the long-term, that does give us the opportunity for that while we’re being pretty prudent in that approach and making sure that we’re doing the right thing for the business and real steady throughout these 5 years.
Kurt Barton: Yes, definitely. Just to – I’ll start with reiterating the capital allocation. Certainly, our number one priority is investing in our stores, and we see still significant opportunity, as I mentioned, nearly a decade of growth in the runway of new stores. The investments we’re making to sweat those assets and put more productivity in the stores that already have the occupancy and the rent there. So Joe, to your point, first, we’ve got so much opportunity in the growth of the business and grab the total addressable market and grab market share there. Then of course, after that, we feel with the tremendous step-up in growth and the consistent operating cash flow will return to with the opportunity, both dividend and share repurchases, thrilled to be able to announce the Board’s approval of a 77% increase in dividends. As far as the tuck-in acquisitions then, where there are opportunities. We’ve not been highly acquisitive. We feel there is so much opportunity in our core. But where there are opportunities, Tractor Supply is sometimes that an exit strategy in our niche industry, where there is area that we are not in. I mean we’re open to that opportunity. If we look at it and say, hey, there is opportunity to grab the real estate we’re not in or to complement. And so if there is a acquisition, if there is a capability that builds on one of the strategic initiatives that you hear from us as part of Life Out Here strategy to buy versus build, we will look at that opportunity. But it’s certainly more of that opportunistic things on our radar and really excited about what we’ve got right in front of us, and there may be complementary opportunities.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Hey Karen, good to see you. Let me ask for clarification because you broke up a it on the question on EBIT. So, I know it was an EBIT margin question and also referencing sales growth, but maybe just clarify that.
Kurt Barton: Yes, great. From an operating standpoint, I mean the – again, I will just reference the key – if the question is regarding our long-term outlook, and we think about the EBIT margin in there is that we see an important opportunity right now to make investments, and a lot of that investment will be in the stores technology and in our supply chain. And so as we make the investments and those investment pressures are on SG&A, we also see great leverage through our operating efficiencies, the leverage from the growth in the sales. And so we have – over the next 3 years to 5 years, we see definite inflation and pressure from investments that we can offset with the leverage and with the operating efficiencies. On the gross margin side, we also see over time that we have got the opportunity from those investments able to grow our gross margin. So, there is some good opportunity in here with our scale and with the work that Colin and Seth are doing to be able to grow some of that gross margin at a faster rate and really see that opportunity there. So, from the algorithm, our assumption is that these investments are growing the top line, but also giving our gross margin an opportunity to grow. And there is likely to be more growth in the operating margin over that 5-year period in our assumption from the gross margin side as we balance out our efficiencies, our investments in the SG&A side.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Hey Oliver, I will take that. First, I will start by just talking about 2022 as a quick reminder, and then beyond that. So, for 2022, what we have said is we plan and are targeting positive comp transaction and positive comp ticket. And ticket likely to lead more than transaction in 2022. Beyond 2022, while every year could be a bit different, what we think about it is it’s really going to be pretty balanced. And if you refer back to some of the real drivers of our comps that we have talked about, you have got Fusion and Side Lot that are driving traffic into the store with new categories. They are also driving ticket, digital doing the same thing, the work that John and Colin talked about on delivering on legendary service. These types of things, we really see the strategic initiatives that we have got and the momentum in the business that in the 2023 to 2026 period of time is that we have got opportunity to be really balanced between both of those because these strategic initiatives are focused long-term on driving market share, which means traffic, which means footsteps into the stores and clicks on the website.
Kurt Barton: Hi, Steven. I will take the question on the reference back to the last enhanced earnings call, where we had that give-back year. And your reference, I am assuming you go back to that line graph that many have referred back when they are talking with me about it. And really back then, the question was all about structural or transitory, and really how resilient is this step-up in growth. And 15 months ago, there was that legitimate question of how much of this growth is a temporary shift in behavior that’s in favor of Tractor Supply. But all the things that we have talked about and what Christi mentioned in regards to the permanent shifts in some of the customers, not only geographic locations, but what the hobbies are and people entering in our lifestyle, millennials buying homes, those types of things began to get answered over an 18-month period of time. I will reference back to, as an example, one of the slides I presented, I think is really powerful that over this period of time, what we saw that we had growth from new customers, 30% but then growth in existing new categories of the product as well into existing digital as well as in brick-and-mortar and the fact that our growth was from transactions and ticket. And when you look at transaction and basket, it was the biggest piece of it, so really broad, diverse growth in it and the fact that we have had consistency. Best way to give an example on the consistency. Last three quarters, 40% almost to a tee, each of those quarters, 2 years back on the comp. So, as we work through that, it really solidified that these are enduring customer relationships that are benefiting Tractor Supply. It’s really the difference between what our outlook was 15 months ago versus what we are presenting today, and really excited about that for the future.
Seth Estep: Hey, thanks, Peter, this is Seth. Great question. Good to see you today. And when we look at gross margin as we manage forward, I would say if you look where we were historically, when we’ve talked about C.U.E. outpacing the fleet now potentially could put a little bit of pressure on the company. What I would say today is that the balance of the four walls is really performing. So while C.U.E. is outpacing, we’re continuing to premiumize even our C.U.E., we’re pushing people, call it, into that premium segment. But outside of that, we’re also seeing the apparel segment do really well for us today, right? We’re seeing our truck and toy area is doing really well for us today. I could go around the four walls of the store, and we look at our sales forecast and we look at particularly, this upcoming year, we’re anticipating all four walls continue to contribute to that sales number and that estimate that we have out there. So while C.U.E. is continuing to outperform, we’re looking to continue to drive that C.U.E., drive those footsteps, coupled with the balance of the store, along with our pricing technology that we have today, which is much more sophisticated than we continue to have in the past. We feel confident in the ability to be able to look at the pressures that are coming in the business, manage the mix of the product and be able to deliver those gross margin targets that we have out there.
Seth Estep: Yes, absolutely. Hey, Scott, great to see you. Thanks for the question. I’m incredibly excited about exactly what you’re talking about and how I outlined earlier our expansion of our total addressable market. And from a merchandising perspective, that’s what really, really excites us because we know we have opportunities across our business as we’re seeing both our core shopper and these new shoppers that are finding Tractor Supply as we’re introducing them to this lifestyle. They are finding the buying and where we know we have that considerable market share opportunity. Our merchants are continuing to attack that with partnerships, exclusivity, going after differentiation, driving experiences in the store that John will talk both inside the box, but also looking at outside the box. Obviously, with what we’re looking garden centers, our front aprons could go on and on. And so we’re looking at this year. Again, I mean, you talk about things like apparel and the trends that we’re seeing like in Carhartt, Ariat as well as our own exclusive brands, whether it be like in Ridgecut and expanding into women’s, those are the things that we’re really looking to attack. As well as like in pet, constant, constant newness that the team is going after, whether it be like the introduction of brands like Victor and Tractor Supply as well as doubling down on brands that we’re really seeing growth for like that would be considered specialty for the rural marketplace like science diet, Proplan, etcetera. And I can go around the store. And if you think about things like where we have big opportunities, we’re approaching spring. And you mentioned Chick Days, we’ve talked about live goods. But we’ve also got things like the electrification of these new shoppers that are in – or the OPE market, these new shoppers per coming in. We announced this past week, our partnership that I’m really excited about with Greenworks and Greenworks Pro. We know shoppers have been trending towards the battery market, but we’ve been really waiting on a product that we believe that would stand up to the demands of consumer. And that’s what we really went after and have created this partnership with them. That’s just like one area and one category that we continue to talk to. But we’re really not playing in today, but we’re going after, and we’re going to continue to go after that with market share and play in the future. So absolutely agree that I can talk about product all day long and within our store and not just in the store, but also online with Rob and team with the product expansion there. So John, I’ll turn it over to talk about experiences.
Seth Estep: Hi Steve, this is Seth. Relative to inflation and what that outlook is this year versus this past year, what I would say is if you were to go back to 2021 in the beginning of that year, it really started with the commodity markets, right? And you think about grains, then we move more into steel, then other cost pressures continued on our supplier side, continue to roll to, call it, cost of goods pressure, whether that would be getting components from overseas to here, their labor rates, etcetera. And what I would say is we are – as we have entered into 2022 and where we are today, it is more broad-based. And so relative to last year, you are looking more broad-based across the four walls. What I would say about that, though, is when we think about our pricing sophistication, we know where the price is coming at us. And we know what’s in front of us and our – and the team has done a fantastic job from an analyst perspective, utilizing our tools to be able to go out and make sure that be priced right in the market, to drive market share, measure elasticities and at the same time, make sure that we can manage the P&L accordingly. So, as you look at last year, it did really started commodities, really went into steel. Now it is more broad-based and that’s where we see it heading in 2022.
Christi Korzekwa: Hi, Scott, thanks for the question. I’m looking forward to talking to you about our new customers. You’re right. I mean, we’ve had record growth in 2020 during the pandemic of new customers, but that really didn’t wane during 2021. We saw a very similar, if not even a larger pre-pandemic number in 2021. So those customers are coming back to us, are coming to us even in 2021. We see that, that has a lot to do with those structural changes that are happening in – with the pandemic relative to rural revitalization and more millennials moving in from urban to suburban, ex-urban and rural areas. And what we’re finding is that 30% of our sales are coming from these new customers. So we feel incredibly positive about growth of the new customer, and it will continue. A lot of that given to the structural nature of our business, need space. They are moving into our trade areas, our Tractor Supply neighborhoods. They are buying homes there. They are starting garden, they are starting flocks, pet adoptions at record highs. So, just incredibly optimistic that our runway is still far from at an end and certainly, we identified 40 million customers that we can still talk to that should be shopping us that are within our trade areas, so just lot of momentum and a lot of power behind those new customers just excited about it.
Christi Korzekwa: I would say it’s a combination of many things. I would say it is certainly the fact that we have a lot of customers moving into our trade areas. It’s because we have our individuals maturing into the lifestyle. I would say it’s because of our merchandising mix, I would say it’s because of the trends and the work from home. So there is many factors that are attributing to the growth, certainly glad that we have a lot of runway with the 40 million customers that – or should be shopping us in our trade areas that we are going to be attracting over the next years to come.
Christi Korzekwa: Yes. Hi Chuck. Thanks for the question. I love talking about our customers. And just thinking about our customers pre-pandemic or when the pandemic first started through 2020, we acquired 11 million new customers. We are still comping the pre-pandemic numbers in 2021. We have more new customers in 2021 than we did pre-pandemic. So, 10 million to 11 million a year is what we are attracting, and 50% of those are returning to us after they shop. So, we are attracting and retaining a lot of new customers. And with the new work with the TAM and the opportunity in Fusion and Side Lot, there is so much more opportunity for us to really begin to attract even more than those 10 million a year new customers. But we are on a trend line right now of 10 million to 11 million new customers every year, and I would see us just accelerating that over time.
