Greg Sandfort: Thank you, Jennifer. Good afternoon, everyone. I’m here today with Jim Wright, our Chairman and CEO; and Tony Crudele, our CFO. We are very pleased with the second quarter results, which, again, underscored the underlying strength of our core business. Given what continues to be a challenging retail environment, we are extremely pleased with our team’s execution. The progress we are making in the areas of inventory management, merchandise assortment and expanded regionalization continues to accelerate our operational performance. Now let me provide a little more detail on our second quarter results. As mentioned in our previous call, we experienced a pull-forward of sales into the first quarter from the second quarter, due to the early spring weather exhibited in March. Sales for the second quarter were not quite as strong as we had hoped, given the strong trends we experienced early in the quarter. However, with the cooler weather trends in late April and early May in the Northeast, and the extreme drought conditions that developed throughout much of the U.S. during the second quarter, we are very pleased with our ability to manage through these variables successfully. Our core businesses ran solid increases in the second quarter, with performance very consistent throughout the first half of the year. Within our seasonal category, some big ticket products, such as outdoor power equipment and riding mowers, slowed during the quarter primarily due to the weather shifts, I just mentioned. Our ability to recognize and react quickly to the trends that develop in our business allowed us to effectively manage through significant weather shifts this year and drive strong profitability in the second quarter and first half overall. Additionally, we are pleased with our inventory position coming out of the second quarter. And as we have stated in the past, we believe it is most appropriate to look at Tractor Supply’s performance by the halves rather than the quarters. In terms of specific sales drivers, our C.U.E. categories remained key to both traffic and sales, contributing to our 17th consecutive quarter of comp transaction count increases. To mention just a few of our successes that speak to our ability to adapt our merchandise and add new products to maintain newness, customers responded well to our expanded assortment in live goods and our recent reset in footwear. Our forage business continues to gain momentum as we expand the program to an estimated 600 stores by the end of this year, compared to just 300 stores at the end of 2011. EquiStages, our private-label equine feed was introduced about four months ago and it’s also doing very well. We continue to test and refine our assortments while pursuing our strategy to balance product selection of national brands, increase private brand mix and the addition of new products across the entire store. Now I’d like to speak briefly about our new store performance, which also contributed to our solid second quarter results. This year we opened 18 stores in the second quarter compared to 16 stores in the second quarter a year ago. We opened our first store in Colorado in May and we are encouraged by the initial sales results. We are on target with our goal of opening 90 to 95 new stores in 2012 and as we continue to expand our footprint into new regions, we remain very comfortable with our targeted annual square footage growth rate of approximately 8%, and our domestic potential of 2,100 stores. So in closing, our second quarter results confirm the operational benefits from the progress we are making on many of our key strategic initiatives. Today we are planning, preparing, executing and reacting better than ever before. We continually strive to refine our assortments to provide customers with compelling values every day and at the same time, we are improving our ability to meet customers’ needs with the right products, in the right regions, at the right time. So looking to the remainder of 2012, we are very excited about the opportunities that lie ahead and we remain committed to furthering our key gross margin initiatives. We believe we have the right tools and a motivated team in place to capitalize on those opportunities as we grow the Tractor Supply brand. I’d now like to turn the call over to Tony to review our financial results for the quarter and discuss our outlook. Jim will then share his closing comments.
Greg Sandfort: Yeah. Dan, Greg. We did a channel check with our major suppliers. They have little concern about the pricing of corn at this point and they have their supply chains intact. The thing we have to understand about corn is, it’s a small percentage in the overall mix of products that we sell. So in some categories -- some companies may be larger, but in our feed and food mixes, it really is a smaller percentage. So, to be honest, we don’t see a supply -- a disruption in the supply chain. We see that there will be some inflation, some movement on price, we think within the next 60 days, we’re probably going to see the high watermark and then it will come back down after that.
Greg Sandfort: Well, John, you asked me two questions. Let me see if I can maybe summarize both. Both forage, meaning two string and round bale hay, and the expansion of the category of live goods, I would say are new businesses for us or evolving businesses for us. And we have -- through this -- lot of the consumer research we’ve done, we’ve understood that our consumer would buy some of these products from us, but until we could actually place them in the assortment and manage them, we had no idea what the result was going to be. We are very pleased in both categories and planned further expansion in both of those areas. So what does it do for us? It makes us more of a destination. No question, more of a destination.
Greg Sandfort: John, I think it’s several things. We spent the last several years really working on how we open a store in a new market and what’s the ramp for that store? What’s our focus? And we’ve done some things to preempt the opening. We’ve done some things during and we’ve done some things to strengthen the aftereffects when the store has been open now, say, a month. And if you remember back historically, our advertising cadence in support of new stores at one time was tied to when we actually ran the cadence for the entire chain. So stores that opened January, February didn’t get a lot of attention from an advertising push, because we had to wait for the first cycle of advertising for the chain, which was usually late Feb, early March. We now don’t do that. We open up with the strong advertising presence in the market. We continue through with that presence. And we do some very targeted local market events and advertising to support that store and try to entrench that store in the market. So it’s a fairly comprehensive program that’s been developed over the last several years. And we have a whole team of people here actually, in marketing that operate that. So there’s a big difference in how we go to market today versus three years ago.
Greg Sandfort: The direct import doesn’t have any effect on it. But as we did in the spring, we will look to flow product to the different regions at different times. So we’re going to be much more timely with those deliveries, staging them from actually North to South.
Greg Sandfort: Brad, this is Greg. That percentage is actually even lower than what you quoted. From what we gathered in our data and I would tell you that many of them are -- it’s not as widespread as some people would think. If you look through the center part of the country and you look at the drought maps, it’s where a lot of the corn and soy is grown. But there is a number of those individuals, when they have a good crop and initially, if you knew anything about what was going in -- what was happening in the planting season here. There was a large increase in planting this past spring, based upon what happened last year. Unfortunately, with the drought, a lot of that is not going to bear the type of harvest that they expected. But what we see in our business is when some of the farming communities, heavy farming and production do well. We see a little bit of a halo effect in that community because there is a feeling of a little more wealth, I guess, in the community. But in general, it has very little effect on our business, very little.Brad Thomas – KeyBanc Capital Markets: All right. Thanks, guys.
Greg Sandfort: Joe, I would say business is usual. We spent a lot of time in the field and we’re in and out of our competition all the time. And there’s nothing -- no emerging threats at this point in time.Joe Feldman – Telsey Advisory Group: Perfect. Thanks so much, guys. Good luck with this quarter.
Greg Sandfort: Simeon, this is Greg. There is a lot of rigor that goes into planning of inventory, as you can imagine. And as we have strengthened our relationships with the vendor community, we work a lot on production scheduling and forecasting. X amount of the inventory, we have to have when we open the season. But then, from that point on, it’s a lot about forecasting and sometimes it is the vendor community holding inventory for us in the aspect that we may need it. So we have really refined that process over the last two to three years and that’s giving us the ability to move quickly. The same goes when business is very good. We can forecast forward. We start to build inventories and chase business. So, I guess it’s the expertise and the flexibility we built in with the manufacturing community and we just improve upon it year-to-year.
Greg Sandfort: Now, as far as clearance, you asked that question. We act very quickly within season. If you’re in our stores on a regular basis, you’ll see that we’ll start taking some initial. I’ll call it small percentage markdowns on products that aren’t meeting our sales expectations, particularly in seasonal. We’ll do it early. And that the old saying is the first markdown is the cheapest markdown. Customers will respond to a discount, a small discount early in the season, when they have an appetite for product. And I’ve always told the merchant group here, it’s better to get $0.75 on a $1 and take a 25% markdown now than it is to get $0.25 later when we wait till the end of that season. So we really have a rigor around that as well. We work early. We work fast and we move through the inventory.
Greg Sandfort: Couple of questions, let me I’ll try to answer them all. Number one, in most markets where you have large animal, you have the need for forage. So and that’s many of the markets that we serve, a little heavier in the south versus the north but in most markets, we have the need. Secondly, we are able to source the product with our buying team here on a local basis. But we source it using people that typically irrigate. So that gives us the supply chain, keeping it intact because if you’re just trying to source it on the sometimes a local farmer who doesn’t have that irrigation capability, of course, you’re not going to have product to sell. So, it’s a little bit of a combination of things but the opportunity is still great. And it’s not so much availability as it is just building the network.
Greg Sandfort: Adam, this is Greg. Redstone is really a fall-based product that’s heating. So it was kind of going through our clearance cycle. The JobSmart program actually launches this quarter. So the new products should be coming out. You’re talking about GroundWork’s it’s actually that…
Greg Sandfort: It did extremely well, very pleased with it, our customers were delighted with it. They loved the value proposition that we brought. And we plan to take it further in 2013.
Greg Sandfort: Second part was what’s the impact on third quarter? And actually, Matt, what happens is, the drought hit in second quarter and as we move out of second quarter into third quarter, those products that were impacted have very little impact in the third quarter move forward business. So we’re kind of past the worst, is I guess is what I would say as far as those products that sell in the second quarter that were impacted. We’re now into fall.
Greg Sandfort: Very good. Thank you all very much. In the past few years, Tractor Supply has operated more effectively than at any time in its history. This is best demonstrated by the fact that we’ve had 17 consecutive comp transaction count increases, 17 quarters of that, 14 consecutive quarters of double-digit EPS growth, 11 consecutive quarters of comp sales increases, and 10 consecutive quarters of expense leverage. We know and we understand our customer. Surveys indicate that our customers are receiving exceptional customer service from our more than 16,000 knowledgeable and motivated Tractor Supply team members. We are today very confident in our ability to manage the controllable. And we are continuing to demonstrate our ability to run our business effectively, despite the uncontrollable whether it’s the economy, inflation, timing of the weather or now significant droughts. We appreciate your continued interest and support of Tractor Supply and look forward to speaking to you in about 90 days.
Jim Wright: Great. Thank you, Tony. Good afternoon, everyone. Our results continue to demonstrate the operational impact of our key strategic initiatives. Our proved ability to plan, react and execute allowed us to navigate through a challenging retail environment, delivering double-digit profitability and two-year of same-store sales growth, while successfully managing the business in anticipation of and response to shifts in the weather. Regarding the current retail environments, consumers continue to look for compelling value. Purchases are being made by need. They are taking place closer to need. We remain firmly committed to our strategy provide exceptional value to our customers, a strategy that has rewarded Tractor Supply with strong customer loyalty and increased market share. We continue to test and enhance our assortments. We also continue to build our private label initiative across multiple categories to provide our customers with great quality and value. This has been a highly successful strategy for us, particularly in areas where is not a strong current brand allegiance. We believe we can provide outstanding value to our customers, while further strengthening customer satisfaction and loyalty to Tractor Supply. At the same time, we work everyday to better understand our customers and meet their needs better and more effectively. We continue to refine our marketing strategies, improve the productivity of our marketing spend. We also remain highly focused on gross margin initiatives and continue to utilize price optimization to improve our capacity to grow both market share and margin rate. Over the years, we’ve built a differentiated and stable business. At the same time, the structural changes we have made are improving our ability to capitalize on shifts in consumer preferences and demand. The performance we delivered in the second quarter and year-to-date exemplifies our ability to manage through a wide array of variables. In closing, we are energized with the opportunities that lie ahead for Tractor Supply and look forward in progressing on our key initiatives in the back half of 2012. Specifically, we understand the current and the forecasted drought. We know the stores and the categories that are being impacted. We have reduced inventory in certain categories while increasing in others. Based on many years of performing through regional droughts and we believe we are well-prepared to meet the challenge in the second half of the year. As we said, we serve a unique, niche and have an experienced, energized and focused management team, which we believe will support our ability to grow our market share, our chain for many years to come. And with that Operator, I’d like to open this call to questions.
Jim Wright: We certainly don’t want them in Q2. Although, we were able to manage our way through it. I would say that generally a drought is going to be more of a topline challenge than an EPS challenge for us. So comment to your point, yeah, the margins are higher on drought-related SKUs but the average ticket is lower.
Jim Wright: Good question, Vincent. No we have not and the main reason is what weather? Is it wet early? Is it dry early? Is it cold? Is it warm? Do we have a drought? Is there a hurricane or do we have floods in the Northeast as we did this year? The real key is the fact that overall seasonal is about 20% of our business. So 10% swing is 200 basis points. It does not impact the company nearly as much as it impacts the categories.Vincent Sinisi – Bank of America: Okay. Thank you, Jim.
Jim Wright: Hey, Alan, Jim. The way to think about the small stores as we’ve been saying now for a while is to think about our company as an 8% store footage grower, as opposed to an 8% unit grower. So we will open the same amount of square feet. It may be -- it will be a mix of both the large and more opportunistic small-market stores. The metrics within the four small stores, the four wall metrics are all the same. Return on sales is the same. Return on rent as a percent of sales is the same. So for the most part, it will just be a continuation of the historic growth, a successful growth that Tractor Supply has delivered. We have the same impact in the local, smaller community. The fact that we have virtually the same category breath. We have some truncated assortments within some of those categories. But the power of the store versus the fragmented local competition is exactly the same.
Jim Wright: I see 2013 as being verdant. It’s going to be green, lush. We will as always we will assume a normalized weather environment and to the best guess we could make a normalized retail consumer environment and plan expenditures and inventory and promotions accordingly.
Jim Wright: Well, Aram, it clearly came down to some strong expense control especially around the store operating environment. We will manage based on how we understand the flow of product and how we anticipate sales for a particular quarter. When it comes to any type of different occurrences in the quarter that might be called out, there really wasn’t anything in Q2 that stands out. And we were able to really just manage sort of the everyday, normal expenditures relative to the sales volume. So as we move forward into the back half, we see very similar comparisons when it comes to managing SG&A. And really, the only difficulty that we anticipate is that additional week that we had last year that obviously throws a wrinkle into the comparison.
Jim Wright: As we’ve talked about in the past, we generally will look at somewhere between 2.5% to 3% comp sales as where we will leverage SG&A. Again that’s just a general rule of thumb. There may be some quarters or the back half where we can be more aggressive in the management of SG&A. But for the most part, our target number is about 3% is where we begin to leverage SG&A.
Jim Wright: Yeah. We would. The adjustment that we’ve made for the crop prices had an impact. But it still kept us within that range.
Jim Wright: Well, in Texas as an example, a year ago we saw the impact later in the year because Texas being a warmer climate. It didn’t start like people didn’t started doing those kinds of activities until late October, November, and into December. I think in the Northeast, as an example, where we’ve seen some drought this year. It will probably be in the early part of fall. So I’m seeing probably some movement in August, September and that’s what we are kind of targeting. We’re looking really for a little indication from the consumer. As we see some movement toward seed products and some other products that would be related to refurbishing pastures, then we can we’ll move on it and act upon it. But really waiting to see if the drought continues and dryness continues, there won’t be a lot of planting there either.
Jim Wright: No. We actually, we have seen continued strength, Brian, in the core C.U.E. businesses. And we continue to believe that because of that strength, we’re taking market share. So we are very comfortable and very confident those businesses will continue.
Tony Crudele: Sure, Dan. When we look at the inflation, just to refresh you on the calculation. We look at a point in time as where we are today. Obviously, some of that increase that’s been experienced when it comes to the grain prices is in our calculation. Normally, we do not add any adjustment for that factor. However, in this case, as we’ve seen that the prices increasing, we did put a modest increase for those prices. What you see occurring is, as inflation has moderated and come down and we start cycling higher prices from last year, that is offsetting some of the increase that we see in the grain prices, as well as the grain prices are -- as far as the vendors are concerned, they feel that they have a significant amount of product that is available and I wanted to bring that -- turn that over to Greg to talk a little bit about the vendors and the availability of the supply, and what we see is impacting the pricing.
Tony Crudele: Right. Peter, as we look really back to last year if you remember, April had just really, really difficult weather patterns and that resulted in a very, very strong May. So as we cycled through that this year, we had anticipated that April would be the strongest selling month in the quarter and that May would be the weakest as we cycled those sales. June, as I commented was above the average for the quarter and we were very -- we felt that it was a very solid month. And as we moved into July, again, we felt that that trend continued and was bolstered as well by the emergency response in the Northeast.
Tony Crudele: Yeah. If -- looking back at what we are cycling against, both quarters were very strong quarters. Clearly, Q3 was double-digit and there are less drivers in Q3 than in Q4 as we hit the holiday season, as well as from a margin standpoint, with some of the imports that we have that comes in the fourth quarter that can bolster the margins in Q4. So when you’re looking at the sales trends, we believe that you have, obviously, difficult comparisons in both quarters but Q3 will be a much tougher comparison 11.9 versus a 7.1 in Q4. So, I think as you look at it, Q3 will be the tougher comparison and as I mentioned, when it comes to margins, Q4 probably has a little bit easier comparison because of the adjustment that we took at the end of 2011 for the welding gas.
Tony Crudele: Sure. Peter, when it comes to our management of that process, there are two pieces. One, there is a limited period after the conference call, where we are allowed to purchase shares on the open market. Subsequent to that, we have restricted periods and prior to that restricted period, we will set up a matrix and we we’ll buy under a 10b5 plan. As we moved into this quarter and that those targets, the matrix worked according to plan as if the stock price reduces, the matrix is set up to purchase or to acquire additional shares. The majority of the buying in the quarter was done under the matrix as the share price throughout the quarter dropped approximately 20% from the high. As we look forward in the guidance, there is very limited share repurchase in our guidance. Because, again, it’s very difficult to estimate what that will be in the back half. Again, I would assume that as you model you’ll put some number in there for the share repurchase.
Tony Crudele: Alan, this is Tony. I’ll respond. Generally, when we look at the back half of the year, it is very consistent with what we had planned at the outset of the year. So there has been very little change in the back half. So, in answering your question specifically, the majority of the change in our full-year estimate comes from our performance year-to-date.
Tony Crudele: No, Simeon. The pull-forward is as you’re looking at it. It’s about 300 basis points maybe a little bit more to Q1 than to Q2, but 300 basis points to Q2. And again, that’s our best estimate. The adjustment to the comp is to last year’s 2011 comp, which was a reported 4.6%. But if you take the actual weeks this year and look at what the comp was last year, it was not 4.6%, it was 7.1%. So we’re just making the point that the two year stack really should be the 3.2% this year and the 7.1% last year. So overall in the two-year period, it’s over 10% comp.
Tony Crudele: Matt, this is Tony. I would say that we have over the years put in place some improvements when it comes to how we’ve managed labor and some of the expense controls in the store. In particular, we use our continuous improvement process to drive out waste in many of our processes and become more efficient. So I do believe that there has been some structural improvement. I do believe that the field management team and particularly Lee Downing, who is overseeing the stores has done just an excellent job in driving stronger performance and expense control. As we noted in the first quarter, because of the very mild winter, some of the expenses, in particular the utilities, electric specifically and snow removal was very limited in expense. So that clearly is one area that would not be sustainable as we have a normalized winter next year. So as we move forward, I don’t think we’re at a point, where there has been some significant change. But the small improvements that we’ve made have continued to take hold. And we believe again, we can continue to manage through those situations. The one thing that I would mention is, as the store base does mature and we continue to drive comp store sales improvement, in particular in the mature stores, which we have seen a very nice improvement over the first half of this year in our mature store base, we do get some significant leverage on both the payroll and the store operating expense line.
Tony Crudele: Generally, I would agree that it would, because in this case, since what would be -- since the category that would be the outlier would be the grain products, which impacts feed and they turn the quickest. We would obviously realize that in our expense structure much sooner than some of the other inflation categories. And therefore it would impact our margin percent. So again, as we made the case before, we will still maintain our either dollar per bag or dollar per unit when it comes to feed. We will get a topline improvement and that also gives us the opportunity to better leverage SG&A. So, it should impact gross margin percent negatively. But there is clearly an offset when it comes to improved sales and SG&A leverage.
Tony Crudele: And Brian, this is Tony. If you take a look at my prepared remarks, I did give you some insight as to the performance of the C.U.E. for the quarter, was up low double-digits and in units, it was up high-single-digits. And then, if you excluded some of the seasonal categories what we refer to as sort of as base business was up a nice, firm mid single-digit as well.
