Mary Pilkington: Thank you, Alissa, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the time to join us today. On the call today are Hal Lawton, our CEO; and Kurt Barton, our CFO. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the call up for your questions. Seth Estep, our EVP and Chief Merchandising Officer, will join us for the question-and-answer session.  Please note that we've made a supplemental slide presentation available on our website to accompany today's earnings release.  Now let me reference the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the future operating and financial performance of the company. In many cases, these risks and uncertainties are beyond our control. Although the company believes the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations or any of its forward-looking statements will prove to be correct, and actual results may differ from expectations.  Important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements are included at the end of the press release issued today and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information contained in this call is accurate only as of the date discussed. Investors should not assume that statements will remain operative at a later time. Tractor Supply undertakes no obligation to update any information discussed in this call.  Given the number of people who want to participate in the Q&A session, we respectfully ask that you limit yourself to 1 question. If you have additional questions, please feel free to get back in the queue. I appreciate your cooperation. We will be available after the call for follow-up. Thank you for your time and attention this morning.  Now I'll turn the call over to Hal. 
Mary Pilkington: We've have maybe one more question just so that we're sure we end at the top of the [ board ] hour. 
Mary Pilkington: All right, everyone, that will wrap up our call today. I'm around and we're available for calls. And if you need anything, please don't hesitate to reach out, and we look forward to talking to you at the end of our second quarter. So thank you. 
Harry Lawton: Thanks, Kurt. Tractor Supply has a proven business model that has been resilient over many business cycles. As a company, we have numerous levers to continue to gain market share and numerous levers to effectively control expenses. Our Life Out Here strategic priorities are on track and delivering on our expectations. We continue to see fantastic opportunities for growth ahead. In store and online, we're ready for the spring and summer season. Customers are responding positively to our new product assortments from Weber, Toro, YETI and more. We have several product test and learn initiatives in store and online, like Martha Stewart and Eddie Bauer.  Across companion animal, we're adding to our assortment with new brands like ACANA, Real Mesa and Native Pet and expanding our offerings across brands like Purina Pro Plan, SPORTMiX and Hill's Science Diet. Our Garden Centers are set to help our customers prepare for their hobbies of gardening, especially with a focus on vegetables and fruit trees and just simply enjoying their property.  Across the seasons, we have new product offerings specific to the Garden Center. We're currently showcasing our roses, Plant of the Month, and are prepared with hanging baskets for Mother's Day. As we move into the second half of the year, we will shift to Fall Harvest and Halloween and then to Christmas with live goods and decor. Overall, this is a great way for us to track new customers and soften the front of our store.  Across the store, we have a tremendous amount of newness for our customers' passions and lifestyles. We also continue to invest in customer service at our stores. In addition to our Hey GURA app, to turbocharge service our store team members provide to our customers, we are leveraging AI in our stores and Garden Centers through our Tractor Vision, which uses cameras and computer vision technology to provide data to deploy alerts that help our team members efficiently and effectively staff the store.  One scenario where this is incredibly beneficial is when customer traffic is building up at our registers, Tractor Vision will alert team members through their ERP that another team member needs to come up to open another register. We're also leveraging Tractor Vision to monitor our front apron of the store for dwell time. This allows for a team member to better serve our customers particularly in categories like outdoor riding lawn mowers. These are the types of investments and capabilities that separate us from our farm and ranch competition and really make us a leader in retail.  It's an exciting time at Tractor Supply. My thanks and appreciation goes out to the team for their dedication to delivering our mission and values every day. And now we'd like to open up the call for questions. 
Harry Lawton: Seth, thanks for the question. We were very pleased with our big ticket performance in Q1. I'll highlight 2 trends and then provide some examples in the context of each of those. The first one I'll highlight was in January, where we had the nice cold weather come through the country. And as a consequence of that, had some nice big ticket sales that go along with that as we often do, whether that's things like snow throwers or log splitters. And to your point, the cutoff that we use for big ticket is $350 price point. . But then the other comment I'll make is in the month of March, particularly the last couple of weeks where we start to see that spring ramp occur, we saw a nice lift in big ticket over those weeks. And we did highlight in the prepared remarks in categories like riding lawn mowers, outdoor power, we saw strong positive comps in those categories in those weeks. As we highlighted in the prepared remarks, we saw an over penetration in those purchases of higher income consumers versus lower income consumers.  As we talked about, just kind of buying a bit more towards need for the lower income consumers.  The last thing I'll add is that the trend on big ticket that we saw in March for spring sales has continued into Q2. 
Harry Lawton: Simeon. I'll reiterate a couple of the comments that I have on the previous question, just to tee up the discussion. So on big ticket, as it relates to spring, we saw nice big ticket ramp in absolute dollars and comps as we exited Q1 and those trends have continued into Q2, and we're very pleased with our big ticket spring sales. As we look at a multiyear history on that, if you recall, last year, we commented that our big ticket categories were back to 2019 levels. So I would articulate the growth that we're seeing now is kind of consistent and growth that would be on top of a normal -- go back to 2019 trend. So we feel like it's a healthy growth, compounding growth and very much in the kind of stable on top of 2019 levels.  The final thing I'll add is we called out numerous times, the drought conditions and the heat conditions that occurred in a number of our key markets the last 2 years, whether that's the Midwest or Texas, given the cooler weather that we've had and the nice precipitation we've had, grass is green across the country right now. And we all just returned from our executive walks across the whole country last week, and we all came back and kind of talked about the same thing. You've got really green grass, and it's growing well and the temperatures are staying cool. So the conditions are right for big ticket sales as well for us. But we're very pleased with the big ticket activity, strong exit in Q1 and continuing that pace into Q2, healthy on top of 2019 and the conditions are favorable for it as well this year. 
Harry Lawton: Seth, good morning. As it relates to inflation, the -- probably the most important point to take away from us is that we've lapped our 2 most difficult quarters as it relates to comping on top of inflation. As we remarked at the end of our Q4 call, we were lapping 11% inflation from Q3 of 2022. And then we're lapping substantial inflation from last year in Q1 of 2023. So as we look ahead, we have significantly less lapping issues.  And, in particular, as it relates to things like animal feed, as we get towards the end of Q2, we really start to get back to a more normalized environment. And by the way, by the time we get to mid-Q3, we're in -- we basically lapped it all. So I feel really good as we look forward that we're kind of getting close to hitting the bottom on disinflation and starting to be back as we get towards the end of the year towards a more normal outlook.   We're not seeing anything different in our margin expectations, pricing expectations, cost to good expectations that we saw at the beginning of the year. As we've mentioned, we worked closely with our vendor partners middle of last year to pull back on a lot of the cost increases we've seen. That's been successful. You see that in our gross margin rate results.  At the same time, we're appropriately moderated on prices. Our pricing has never been sharper in the industry. We monitor that very closely, and we've got multi, multiyear trends on that, never been sharper than we had in Q1 and coming into Q2. And we don't see anything on the horizon that would change kind of our retail price, cost of goods outlook. We did just complete all of our container, kind of shipping negotiations. Those are basically coming in kind of flat to last year. So there's not -- we don't see headwind in the future there.  And I don't think that there's been a significant amount of oil, fuel kind of cost type increases to impact certainly -- first cost type at this point at all. And the freight market, given the status of the freight market and the overcapacity that there is, you had to start to see prices come up to reflect fuel in that area as well. So pretty stable, no real change to our outlook, either on this call or versus our last call. 
Harry Lawton: Yes. Chris, we think where the sun has been out and conditions have been right, we've been very pleased with spring. Our big ticket sales are strong, our Live Goods are selling well. Our Garden Centers are performing, categories like grilling, other categories like fertilizer and grass seed, we're seeing real strength across the board when the sun is -- where the sun is out and conditions are right. Interestingly, in the first half -- in the first quarter, conditions were stronger, really more in the Northeast and the Midwest, as there was a decent bit of cloudiness and precipitation through the Southeast and over into Texas throughout the back of the last couple of weeks of the quarter. And that's, interestingly, kind of continue to bid into the second quarter.  But we feel very optimistic about the southern markets. They always turn in spring. And, you know, it's beautiful in Nashville today. But very pleased with our spring performance as we've headed into Q2 here. And we see Q2 really very similar to Q1, just right down the middle of a fair way. We expect Q2 to be very similar to Q1. And with the one notable call-up that Kurt had around, we think it's the bottom quarter for us on disinflation as it relates to CUE. But otherwise, it's kind of a streak down the middle, very similar quarter to Q1. And as I said, we're very optimistic and pleased with our spring start. 
Harry Lawton: We're very pleased with the continued progress we're making in our Neighbor's Club platform. And clearly, our customers are engaging in it and using it, finding value in it and it's a key retention driver and behavior driver for our business. And it's certainly become an integral part of how we go to market and a key area of competitive advantage for us.  This quarter, we were pleased with the number of customers that we added to the Neighbor's Club platform. I called out that we had new customer growth in the quarter. And that was, new customers are a key driver to Neighbor's Club program growth. We're very pleased to have a positive new customer counts in the quarter.  The second thing I'll call out as to your point, we made adjustments to our membership program to allow for a lower dollar increments to be redeemed in terms of points, both $2 and $5. We also modified our tier structure a bit to allow people to earn more dollars sooner. And the entire goal of that was to drive that opening tier and that behavior to get them more engaged as we talked about on these calls over the last 2 or 3 years, the best performance we've seen has been in our Preferred Plus tier. Second best performance had been in our Preferred tier. And our basic Neighbor's Club tier was really where we wanted to regalvanize that group, reenergize that group. And the changes we made, we saw a significant response to, and we're very pleased. And we've got a number of things on the horizon that will continue to help us grow that program.  As we called out at the beginning of the year, we've got a Heroes program that we'll be rolling out towards the end of the second quarter or beginning of the third quarter, right around July 4 time frame. We'll share more about those details on our next call, but that's a lot -- that's going to allow us to embrace another set of customers that we have, provide them incremental value, and we're excited about that. We've gotten great feedback from the customers that we've tested that with.  And we're also in the process of implementing a customer data platform that's going to allow us to significantly improve our personalization and that's time for implementation in the back end -- back half of the year. And that's going to allow us to just take our personalization, capabilities and our targeting capabilities to the next level, in which we already do an excellent job. I'd say market-leading job on that, but this just keeps the improvement there.  So great performance in Neighbor's Club in the quarter, new features being launched already that are going to keep driving that. And then we've got a number of new things on the horizon. And as I said, this is a distinct part of Tractor Supply and an area of competitive advantage for us. 
Harry Lawton: Michael, I'll comment first on pet. First off, I'll just step back on pet and say it's an incredibly attractive market. It's one that outperformed kind of the broader retail market for decades. It's been a long-term source of growth for us. And I think that the slowdown in that industry this year has been well documented, with that slowdown being driven really by 2 macro drivers. The first is moderation in pet ownership. And the second is stagnant pricing, right? That's an industry that's historically been able to claw 2 or 3 points of price increase every year, given the substantial price increases that have occurred in that category over the last 2 years, basically, that category is flat in pricing for the year. So you've got some moderation in the category just for this year. We have an incredibly distinct value proposition in that category. Our value proposition includes, I think, importantly, the co-mingling of purchases with animal feed. 88% of our customers have animals and pets. The vast majority has both. So they appreciate being able to shop for both their animal and pet food at the same time. We complement that key kind of portfolio advantage obviously, with customer service, with a pet-friendly environment now having over 900 pet washes, which by the way, we see nearly 50,000 pets a week in our stores, with pet washes, pet clinics, et cetera. And that's true, just animals in our store.  So we have a very distinct value proposition. We had all -- kind of publicly available brands, the international brands, but we also have 2 very leading private label brands. We cover the range of assortments. So incredible value proposition there, one that's distinct and I think in particular one that really holds up well in this market, given the various competitive dynamics that are going on, and as I said, but I want to reinforce, we are absolutely still taking share in that category, albeit at a lower growth rate because of the moderation in the category, but we are absolutely still taking share in that category, and we're only doing things to reinvest and lean in further to continue to capture that share. And as we look forward, we fully expect that pet will continue to be a long-term growth category for us and a driver of our overall growth.  As it relates to Q2, as I said, we expect it to be another just straight down the fairway quarter for us. We don't need meaningful acceleration to use your words to deliver that performance for the quarter. One of the things I already highlighted is that the last quarter of real material disinflation, particularly in animal feeds. So it would be great to have that behind us and our outlook takes that into consideration. And if anything, I think there could be some modest upside as we look ahead, if you look at our quarterly comps last year, we had mid-single-digit comps in the month of April and May and then basically dropped off to a flat comp in the month of June.  We can all recall June last year, it went immediately hot and you had the Canadian forest fires. Our outlook does not count on that performance improvement, but it's an opportunity should we get the right conditions for that month. 
Harry Lawton: Two things on that. So we've gotten so much better at sorting our Garden Centers, staffing our Garden Centers, putting technology at play to drive our Garden Centers would encourage everyone on the call, if you hadn't had a chance to go visit one of our Garden Centers in the spring to do so. We've got things this year like our Plant of the Month, as I mentioned on the call, which are Knockout Roses right now. We're deploying our Tractor Vision software into all the Garden Center stores to optimize and improve customer service. Our grower network now that we're in year 3 in many of these stores are now really lined up to produce tailored product for us. And we're seeing those results in our live goods sales broadly across our -- the country [ for us ], even in areas where conditions have been ideal, we're seeing good results there. . The team is doing things like, for Easter this year, for the first time, we brought any kind of in and out. We bought over 100,000 bulbs for Easter with a real nice packaging around and blew those things down. It just gives us even more confidence that we can execute in those sorts of ways. And so very pleased with our live goods and our Garden Center performance.  In addition to the live goods piece, which was about half of the lift that we're looking for. We also, this year, have gotten much better at what goes outside in our, like, Garden Centers versus what goes inside, you'll see all of our pots assortment out there this year. You'll see organic soils closely, cross-merchandise besides our fruit and vegetables this year. You'll see soil and mulches lined up in our side lots to be able to facilitate drive-through and load up there.  So we really got those things prime this year. And then as we look towards the back half, this year, you'll see us have much more expansive programs and things like harvest, and that's really blowing that out this year with mums pumpkin, a harvest product, Halloween product building a real kind of harvest destination in our Garden Centers.  And then similarly, you'll see Winter Wonderland really brought to life this year like we've not yet done for Christmas. So really excited about our Garden Center performance in the current spring period, but also as we look forward to the plans that we have, the team is doing an excellent job across all functions, really lining us up like -- as an example, on that Easter program, we shipped that to our DCs. It was the first time we ran plants through our DC. So a lot of learnings and a lot of continued execution there. 
Harry Lawton: Yes. So as we exit Q2, we'll have a much better sense of that, as you all will certainly recall, our -- over the last year, we said our Garden Centers were not performing at our expectations, because of the suboptimal spring conditions that we operated in last year, but that we had high expectations for this year, noted it is the year of the Garden Center, we're performing at those expectations. But again, 6, 7 weeks into spring with another 6, 7, 8 strong weeks to go. So more to come on that. But I think the short answer, I would say is they're performing at our expectations kind of season-to-date. 
Harry Lawton: Peter, thanks for the question. To start by the highest level, rural is very -- I think rural America is doing very well right now. We see our highest performance across our store base in rural America right now. If you look at the national statistics, you see net urban migration out -- kind of more migration coming out of cities than in. And you see that migration going to rural America. I think there's a variety of drivers for that, but that trend benefits us.  Stepping back, as we acknowledged on our earnings call last quarter, we acknowledge 2024 would be a non-algo for us and that we look forward to getting back to our long-term algorithm as kind of economic conditions became more neutral for us. Most importantly, the two economic conditions that were most impacting us with the transition from goods to services in the context of PCE spend and the notion -- and kind of disinflation. Those two trends are playing out as we expected at the beginning of the year.  As I commented, we're 100 basis points away from goods to services being at its pre-COVID levels. We've already traveled almost 400 basis points on that journey. So unclear where it will obviously stop, but you would say we're the vast majority of the way along on that journey. Disinflation, we've called out that. Q2 will be our bottom on that. And so we feel really good about that as well and that that's near behind us. And so the two major conditions that are affecting our business, you can see light at the end of the tunnel.  As it relates to housing more broadly, as we called out, last quarter, we really don't see housing as a primary driver of our business. And I know there's been some conversation around [ hire ] for longer [ run rate ], and the impact that might have on the housing market and then any delay in how 2025 results may occur. And obviously, talking about 2025 results right now is very premature for us. But we don't see the [ hire ] for longer kind of notion impacting our business anywhere near to the degree that it impacts those that are very housing sensitive. Thanks, Peter, for the question. 
Kurt Barton: Yes. And Seth, this is Kurt. Just to tie that back to our guidance. As we entered 2024, I have said that we could see and are planning for 2024 from an inflation, deflation, relatively neutral, plus or minus a point. And we expect as we're starting to lap some of those inflation quarters last year, Q2 may have a similar impact as we saw in Q1. But then if you were to play out the current environment today, it would really put us in an expectation for the year sort of that neutral standpoint. And we'll know more on how the back half looks after Q2, but still pretty much playing right in line with our guidance. 
Kurt Barton: Yes, Steven, this is Kurt. The gross margin drivers are very similar throughout the year, but yet, as I mentioned in some of my remarks, it has a bit of a difference in impact by quarter. So our biggest opportunity and biggest growth driver in gross margin will be, throughout the year, our transportation and freight. And in transportation and freight, it's both transitory or rate-related, where we are coming off of those higher costs, particularly in the ocean freight, but also the more sustainable is the structural where the new improvements in the supply chain, the distribution centers are driving down our stem miles. And even as we open up our tenth distribution center, we'll reoptimize the lanes and reduce stem miles, be able to optimize by finding the lowest better rates, and that happened with our Navarre, Ohio DC last year.  So those -- that will be the biggest driver. We'll start to lap in Q3, and heavily in Q4, some of the rate-related benefits. So it will begin to moderate on that aspect. But then on the other aspect of that is our cost management on our products. And there's really been a very disciplined strategic approach towards that, that began last year, but really, we started to see the benefit modestly in Q4. And our merchants and our vendors really partner together to drive down some of that cost.  And we're actually even creating some of that AUR deflation so that in our CUE categories, our key drivers, we're able to offer the best value and even better gross margin rate. And that's some of what the pressure that I mentioned on AUR is that we feel very confident that we're bringing the best prices in our categories, regardless of competition, and that's what's helping to really gain the market share. So for the back half of the year, transportation, cost management and lower cost drivers will contribute.  And then in the second half, the third item that will begin will be the supply chain benefits from the new distribution center. As the transportation costs are the highest one, that's why we've said the second half may be a slightly lower gross margin growth in the first half as we start to cycle it. But it's really been the main 3 things that will benefit throughout the year, but just beginning to less of a benefit on the transportation side in the second half. 
Kurt Barton: Yes, Peter, this is Kurt. I'll start with your first part of your question and then hand it over to Seth to address the back end part of it. Orscheln is running right in line with our expectation. The first quarter, for instance, is still lapping a lot of the liquidation in Orscheln. And then in second quarter, as we transition, you begin to get outside of a lot of that liquidation. So as we converted into our point of sale, it's somewhat in line with the time frame of having all of the Tractor Supply inventory in the Tractor Supply system. So we begin to lap a more normal time frame, particularly in the back half of the year.  The Orscheln stores are running in line with a lot of our Midwest performance. We're pleased with Orscheln. Again, as we said when we made the acquisition, such a great value proposition opportunity for us, and it's playing out well in that. Some of the things that we've done, we've got 81 stores that were sized very differently. We've been able to rightsize and put many of the stores right in line with the Tractor Supply, 15.5 square foot. We've got some larger ones that allow us to do some test in those. But for the bulk over the period of the last 12 months, we've been [indiscernible] go in rebrand, put the fusion in there and make sure that it fits the best Tractor Supply streamlined, efficient shopping experience there. The team is engaging and learning a lot of the Tractor, the optimized Tractor process.  So across the board, very pleased with that. And Seth can be able to talk a little bit about some of the other aspects on the merchandising side with Orscheln. 
