Gregory Sandfort: Thank you, Kurt. As we mark our 80th anniversary as a company, we are proud of our history and strong heritage of embracing change and leveraging technology to capture growth opportunities. I want to thank the more than 26,000 members of the Tractor Supply family who bring our mission and values to life everyday as they serve our customers. Our passion and commitment to provide legendary service and great products at everyday low prices will continue to be the foundation of our growth. With that, Mary Winn, we would now like to open the lines for questions.
Gregory Sandfort: Liz hi, this is Greg. No, there's no limit on how many stores actually we could open from the standpoint of management in the ranks ready. The reason we slowed to 80, if you want to call it that, I say there's a redirection of our capital investments. We've had some tremendous success with some of these ONETractor initiatives. It's a bit of a reallocation of capital in the short term to accelerate those and continue to keep the store opening schedule robust. We don't have any one that's chasing us for these sites. And we're going through with some new data that's demonstrating again to us that there are at least 25,000, as a number, of Tractor sites out there. Now we know that Tractor stores are a great value to the consumer, and they also help us from a standpoint of profitability as a company. But we really are just reallocating some of those dollars to accelerate some of the things in ONETractor that right now are showing us great promise.
Gregory Sandfort: Hey Matt, this is Greg. Two things. One is changes from maybe a quarter to now. I think what we're seeing is we have a unique customer base. We have a unique team member that wants to work in Tractor Supply. Probably not the average person that would work in some of these other formats. They typically have a love for the lifestyle. They have a passion for living this lifestyle. So, we attract team members from those local communities because they enjoy the lifestyle, want to participate in it. And guess what? Working for Tractor Supply, they can get a discount on those things that they need. So, that's the first thing. We're not having a problem attracting those people. But some of the changes that we are seeing is there are some retail organizations that are making bold statements about we're going to have a minimum price guarantee to our team members of X, Y and Z. And here's how I look at that. And I've said this to our organization, I said we need to be priced very competitively, if not leading the market, in each of the markets where we have stores. We're in 49 states. Those 49 states are not equal. There's different challenges, there's different, I would call it, wage rates that need to be addressed. Some states are passing state laws that force some of that. Other states are not. So, we've taken a very proactive posture and said even in our 2018 planning, given some of the tax advantages that we have, we're going to stay not only very competitive on wages but, in many cases, we're going to be probably the person leading up in the wages because we need to make sure we've got the best people period.
Gregory Sandfort: Well, thank you, everyone, for being on the call today. I'm excited that we're going to be hosting our upcoming Annual Sales Meeting for over 3,000 of our Tractor Supply team members here in February. And during that same time, we're going to be hosting our Investment Community Day, that's scheduled for February 20 here in Nashville, where we plan to further discuss our strategic growth drivers for the long term with all of you. If you have any questions, as Mary said, please reach out to her. She'll be happy to help you if you have any further questions. And again, thank you for dialing in today.
Kurt Barton: Sure Steve and this is Kurt. I'll first just confirm what you said. Yes, we indicated that about 20 basis points is investment from tax reform that's impacting the operating margin. But if I step back to the Q3 call, we indicated as to what we saw in regards to our investments and cost pressures, we anticipated operating margin decline in 2018. If you try to bridge that to the guidance that we have, we've -- we'd have about 50% of that operating margin implied deleveraged in 2018 specific to investments in the business. And I would tell you that with investments from the business that we have related to tax reform, as we see that opportunity to invest those resources into labor wages at the stores and distribution centers, as well as ONETractor initiatives, the additional implied into our guidance has more visibility to areas like transportation cost that I would say that even in the last few months, it's been widely publicized, indicated about the transportation industry that we're seeing greater headwinds into that area. So, the difference in our outlook today as to what was indicated at Q3, principally due to the investments that we're making in the business and stronger cost pressures specific to the transportation industry.
Kurt Barton: Yes. And Peter, this is Kurt. I'll start with the first question on your question related to point-of-sale. And we're indicating that -- we're making investments in our point-of-sale system. That will be capital that we're investing this year. So, it has some impact in depreciation in 2017. It's not a significant part of that depreciation as we roll that capital out throughout the year, but that's where most of the cost. No other real operating cost impacts specific to a new investment of point-of-sale.
Kurt Barton: Yes, this is Kurt. You know what, when we built our outlook for 2018, we took a pretty rigorous look at all of the cost and all the spend. And I would tell you that in an investment like this, we certainly have an opportunity and there are some benefits that we've got that are offsets to these investments that are baked into that outlook. As we're growing the topline and with comp positives in there, there are areas in the overhead store support center cost, the store and distribution center occupancy cost, some of the investments we've made in there as well as leverage, we're seeing the benefits. So, we take it -- we're taking a pretty rigorous look at and we are managing tightly, and there are definitely some benefits that play into the outlook to help offset some of those investments. And then the second question--
Kurt Barton: Yes. Seth, I would say that we've got a pretty good aggressive investment plan, I think, as you've seen. And so as those investments start to take hold, and as we believe they will begin to drive the sales, our plan, our strategy is we'll invest to what our capacity and capability is. And I think we've got a realistic capacity in there. And so you'd see some benefits dropping to the bottom line.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Chris, this is Kurt. I would tell you that as we've seen it and said that the Texas, Oklahoma oil market and other energy areas have those headwinds have subsided. And the last couple of quarters, prior to Q4, they -- we said that we saw those areas falling in within chain average. And I would tell you, we're pleased in the fourth quarter in those particular areas to see some good strong performance in their -- in line with chain average. And so as you're seeing indicators of that area, I would say that we're pleased to see that no longer really being a headwind for us.
Kurt Barton: Sure, it's a good question. I would say that it's not about an early Easter helping or hurting. I think it's a good point to bring up in that the timing of Easter between the halves where it plays into. So, this year, we've got Easter on the Sunday right after the end of Q1. So, the holiday weekend, that Friday and Saturday will be in Q1 and so that can shift a little bit between Q1 and Q2. When weather breaks in March has probably more to do about the impact than that weekend. But I would say that as you look at that, we anticipate that, that weekend falling into Q1 can have some impact, but not a material.
Kurt Barton: Sure Michael, this is Kurt. In regards to our outlook, as we looked at the year and I'd say the most significant factor in there is the strength of the second half of 2017 and the comparisons over there. We had in Q3 two strong hurricanes that will be cycling as well as a good strong performance in fourth quarter with weather and other positive factors. So, we've got that compare to go up against. When we look at the year, we're taking a good realistic approach as to what we can actually drive in regards to traffic and sales and aren't making too many wide assumptions about what might happen in the second half there. We're going to drive our strategies that we believe will benefit both the first half and the second half. And our guidance is more about our ability to have good significant -- good consistent traffic, and it's more about the comparison in the second half of the year.
Kurt Barton: I would -- Mike, I would just say that, that percentages would not be consistent with new store productivity as it's calculated. And I understand the 53rd week makes this fourth quarter probably the hardest one to calculate for new store productivity. Here's what I'll tell you, is that we continue to be pleased with new store productivity. Fourth quarter had a good strong new store productivity and the -- consistent with the last few quarters in 2017, our new store productivity is consistent with 2015 in those years where we saw strength in new store productivity. We're pleased -- we look at our new stores and compare against -- measure against performance to the pro forma and the IR hurdle, and the 2017's have outperformed both of those. So, we're pleased with new store productivity.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Ben, this is Kurt. And so I would tell you that if I -- I'd step back, talk a little bit about the business and what we see long-term, I would say the business is strong, the investments are clearly paying off for a lot of the things that Greg mentioned earlier. The investments are having some pressure and had in 2017 and are having pressure as we anticipate in 2018. But we're committed to those investments being made to drive long-term topline, and then the overall bottom-line, we believe that we're going to grow with those investments, EPS at a low double-digit range. And as we manage those investments and our cost, we can grow operating margin. And so as you look at 2018, we will be focused heavily on the cost and management of investments. But we believe we have the opportunity in the long term to continue to grow operating margin. 
Kurt Barton: Sure Alan. It's a good question. As we've said, in the last few years we've been making investments and you're seeing some of those investments and the impact on the operating margin. And our long-term goal is to grow operating margin annually. We believe that's achievable. And as I mentioned previously, our investments that we've been making, we believe we're making them in the right area, they're driving the long-term growth potential. Those sales growth opportunities -- typically in our plan that they would lag the initial investments. And those investments, over the last few years, are generally starting to plateau. So, when we look at that, we see that the investments and with the top line benefit our ability then to grow operating margin. So, we're very focused on 2018 right now. I would tell you that as we see the long-term, we're committed to our ability to grow the bottom-line profits. And we believe with those investments, the strength of the top line, you'll see operating margins improving.
Kurt Barton: Paul, this is Kurt. We -- as Greg mentioned, we focus on both of those. We understand the importance of maintaining a good ROIC. The important thing for us as we look at it, maybe to share in regards to our perspective on it, is that we are making significant investments. These are key investments for the long term. And so during that time, as those investments may have -- take time to take hold on the topline, you're seeing some pressure on ROIC. But we do look at, with each investment, the return on investment and how we balance ROIC, it's part of our overall management. And I would tell you that we believe, with the investments we're making today, it not only drive the top line, but in the long term ROIC improvement.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Matt, this is Kurt. The easiest way I could tell you is about 50% of the additional cost increases that we pointed out, I would bucket as investments and the other 50% are really more the cost pressures. And the transportation piece of that is probably the biggest one of that, 50% of that's cost pressures and the majority, the rest is the investments.
Kurt Barton: Yes, about -- so about a little over a third is, as I mentioned, it's probably 20 basis points of the operating margin comes from our tax investments. So, it's not all 50% of it, but it's probably more than a third of that is from our conscious investment on the things we mentioned with the opportunity of the additional resources to invest in a key strategic part of our business such as our team members. We're investing in those areas. That's probably the right quantification of that.
Kurt Barton: Well, it's a great question. And one of the things we've got to do is find out whether or not our customers even have an interest in subscription to Tractor Supply Company. So, this is going to be a slow roll. It's going to be a test and learn. We're going to start with a few categories, see what kind of interest there is. The great thing about the opportunity and the tool is we can geo-target. There's a variety of things that we can do here so it doesn't get out ahead of us. And so it's going to be managed. And as we continue to scale, if it works, we'll be able to communicate to you along the way what impact that it has.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, Steve, this is Steve Barbarick. I would tell you, at this point, once we get that New York distribution center up, we've already got an expansion going on at Waverly, so I feel really good about that. We do have some mixing centers that we believe can continue to add value as we're bringing speed in both products to there. We're using 3PL in trying to get a better sense for that. But all of this will be baked into our CapEx guidance as we move forward. So as we move forward, you'll see that in the numbers.
Steve Barbarick: And Peter I would -- I think the question -- the way I'll respond is less about the expense side, more about the sales and opportunity side. So, we have really laid out reset program that we're working toward for the spring and into the summer of this next year that I'm very excited about. You'll see a lot of newness within the center courts and up and down the aisles. The only other one that I would mention, and I think we've hinted to this in the past is that we do have a couple of concept stores that we're working on right now. They're up and running. The layouts are a little bit different. They're still within the same size box, similar prototype. So, if we find that they're working well, then what we'll be able to do is retrofit them back into the existing stores should we opt to. It also gives us an opportunity to put this new format into existing stores as we move forward. Essentially, that layout is -- we reduced the number of SKUs that we felt we could accommodate through our fulfillment channels in e-commerce. And then giving more space to categories that we believe we have an opportunity to continue to grow share in, so the bigger bulkier products within the inside of the store. We've got a number of pallet drops that we've opened up for our operations team to better manage the labor model. And I would say, the early read on those two stores has been very positive from both the field as well as from our customers. So, I would anticipate, in the future, you'll see more of that concept in a lot of the new stores. And then we'll be looking at retrofitting some existing stores to see what the customer's feedback is on that.
Steve Barbarick: Sure. So, in Q4, that's usually a heavier time of the year for us on the e-com side and our percent of sales was probably between 2.5% and 3%. That's what it was. For the full year, it was between 1.5% and 2%. So, as we look forward, we continue to see that as a growth mechanism for us. And it's in two ways. It's Buy Online Pickup in Store as well as some of the ship to home product. The vast majority of what we do today is picked up in store, so whether it be shipped to store or picked up in store, our customers still like to come and engage with us in the four walls, but a few would like the convenience of having it shipped to them. As you look forward, we've done a really nice job, the team has, going out and doing price surveys, looking at where a lot of the major brands are positioned. And I feel that we're very competitive today. And as we move forward with ONETractor, one of the capabilities we're adding is a more robust price intelligence tool. And we believe that will give us greater value in the future as well. So, a number of things that play here, but all very positive as we move forward with our ONETractor strategy.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, this is Steve. What it's really helped us do is bring product in, house it and ship it out based on need. In the past, we were shipping container loads to our distribution centers, and it wasn't as effective as it needed to be because we're filling those containers and those DCs with more product than they actually needed. So, by having these transload centers, what we're able to do is take the over and aboves, pare them down and ship them to the stores that actually need the product. So, it should have a benefit in our seasonal inventories and make us more nimble as we move forward rather than having more clearance on the backside. The last thing I'd tell you is it also allows us to build pallets of product for our stores so that the operations of the business, when it gets to the store, can be more efficient. In the past, it would all come in and have to be sorted out. These transload centers now will allow us to go ahead and pull together a lot of the seasonal product and ship it in 1 pallet to the stores.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, this is Steve. I would tell you, we're going to be opportunistic. I mean, we constantly do a scan of the marketplace and where we see potential and opportunity, we take advantage of that. So, that is certainly on the table, and we will adjust accordingly. But we also want to make sure that it's balanced with market share, like we've always told you all. And we're making sure that we're doing the right thing for the long term of the business. So, if that opportunity presents itself, I can pretty much guarantee, we will take advantage of it.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. I would tell you that there are markets we've got where we will certainly be price leaders, and there are markets that we're at where we'll be watching the market very closely. We are a test and learn company, we've got a price optimization tool that allows us to look at elasticity, and we will do just that.
Steve Barbarick: Sure, this is Steve. One of the things that we've certainly learned is that they have a keen interest in wanting to build a stronger relationship with us. The enrollment that we've had today has exceeded our expectation and continues to be do so. I would also tell you those folks that are core customers that are part of the program, there's a higher engagement in terms of click through rates, open rates, redemption of offers. And we recently did a study, and this is pretty interesting. These folks have a high -- have a much higher statistically significant difference and their likelihood to recommend us to others, to return and their overall satisfaction with Tractor Supply Company is higher. So, there's a lot here that we're learning, they're coming in more often and when they do, they spend more. So, as we move forward, our focus is on continued enrollment and in continued engagement through personalization to drive more loyalty. If there's one thing that, I guess, to me looking back is a surprise, I would tell you it's the amount of activity that our core customers are coming to us and how often they come to us to buy their needs and get what they need. So, it's a much higher frequency rate than we had originally anticipated. And so now we're able to segment those customers off and talk to them in a more personalized manner.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, this is Steve. No, it's been additive. As a matter of fact, we're seeing growth in both areas. So, comp store sales, so to speak, on the ship to side, continues to scale up.
Steve Barbarick: That's a really good question. I would tell you that I think there might be some interest. I think we owe it to our customers, quite frankly. When you look at retail today, you get involved with where the market is going to go. And I believe we owe it to our customers through our idea of anytime, anywhere and anyway that whole idea of being a convenience for them. But I think we need to do it based on scale, we need to do it based on our ability to make sure we execute and offer the right customer service along the way. And we need to do it in a way for our shareholders that we don't do it so that it's going to be overly costly. So, we will manage this appropriately. But we do believe we owe it to them to at least offer that capability.
