Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, David, this is Kurt, and good question. On the transportation side what we're seeing are a number of factors. The growth in C.U.E. continues to have pressure on the transportation freight expense as those items, bulkier, heavier commodity items have a higher freight rate to them. Additionally, we certainly were able to capitalize on opportunities to sell certain items that are bulkier and big product that have a larger freight charge to them. That was part of the third quarter. That is a little bit more specific to third and perhaps fourth quarter. I will tell you that what we're seeing in addition to that is on the oil pricing and the cost of fuel, we saw an increase in the third quarter, and in the fourth quarter we expect to have higher average fuel costs. And then lastly, both domestically and internationally we are seeing increases in transportation costs, and those items we expect to carry into next year.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Simeon. And I mentioned this briefly on the last call, too. When we look ahead to 2018, first I'd say with fourth quarter still ahead of us, and right now we're heavily into building the budget and the forecast for 2018, I can't necessarily get into too much detail. But I'd tell you that when we look at 2018 on the gross margin side, we do see the expectation that freight headwinds to continue into 2018. As we said before, 2018 will continue to be a year we invest in our long-term growth initiatives. So for the items that I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks, I believe there's SG&A headwinds, as I mentioned. And I would say at this point, we would expect to see operating margin for next year have somewhat of a slight decline. A little bit early to say. We'll have more information as we end Q4. At this point, looking out, I can probably just tell you that we're somewhat realistic and cautious on operating margin and would expect to see some slight decline.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, it's a good question. On the fourth quarter, I'd say the couple of assumptions are that we do see strength in the core of the business. And that's a key part of our assumption. The fourth quarter is a quarter where weather can heavily impact the performance of it. So, the assumed guidance range assumes somewhat of a normal fourth quarter, and expecting continued strength in our C.U.E. product. Any favorable weather or change in weather that's unfavorable could heavily impact the performance of the top-line sales.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, this is Kurt, and the best I can tell you is that, as we mentioned, the strongest month of the quarter was July, and that's where we saw the extended summer-selling season. And I don't have specifics on exactly the impact to the overall top line. I would tell you that it was beneficial to July and it was not a strong significant impact to the overall comps. It was probably somewhere around 100 basis points to something less than that.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, Chris, this is Kurt. I'd tell you, as I was preparing items to mention for 2018, I specifically brought up things that I believe may not be in the models or may not be factored in. Items that have changed in 2017 that we believe will carry into 2018, such as transportation costs, such as some of the labor headwinds, and gave you some color on the distribution center. So, I would tell you that bringing those up, it's because I anticipate those may not be factored into 2018's guidance.
Kurt D. Barton: Well, Chris, I think the one thing I'd tell you is that we don't give guidance on the quarter. And so the beat to the Street versus our internal expectations may be different. And I would tell you that the one thing in the quarter that was the primary item not expected was the $0.02 beat related to the hurricane.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Seth. I'd tell you that, as I mentioned, the big ticket sales were boosted by generator sales and other big ticket items from the hurricanes and were above chain average. When you exclude the impact of the hurricanes, big ticket had positive comps, but was slightly below the chain average.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, Scott, this is Kurt. It's a good question and we look at both of those capital allocation investment items. New stores certainly are a key to Tractor Supply's overall growth strategy. They provide a good return on the investment. But today, what you're hearing and where we're focused on is not only growing the stores for continued top-line growth, but we're also focused on the things that we need to do and are part of our strategy for long-term growth. And so at this point, the 100 stores as part of our long-term growth strategy, we continue to evaluate that annually. And we do look at the e-commerce side of it. When I say e-commerce, I believe Steve and I would agree on this in that we refer to it more as the digital. Because it's an omni-channel investment. And so many of the sales can begin online. As Greg mentioned, the number of new or unique visitors to the website, how many are starting through a mobile device. So when we speak about e-commerce online investment, it's about the overall growth for Tractor Supply, both online and in the stores. So to get to the answer to your question, I would say that we're focused on challenging both store growth and the other digital investments, and we continue to analyze that. That could lead us to a number of store growth that is below 100 if we believe we need to manage both the capital and the SG&A burden of our investments. And we balance both of those out for the long term.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, it's a good question. I would say we've been on an increasing capital growth rate for omni-channel digital investment. We'll be near $65 million to $70 million investment this year. That number will grow next year. It may begin to stabilize on the investment specific to IT and digital at about $70 million or $80 million. But as a percentage, yeah, that's a bigger percentage. And it is a good analysis to say we'll evaluate both store capital investment along with the IT investment, and the IT investment may continue to bring a bigger percentage. And we have looked at 2017 and 2018 as investment years. So I would say it is a good way to describe 2018 continuing to have investment for the long term, and we're excited about the momentum we're seeing and some of those initiatives taking hold as part of the top-line sales growth.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, and Dan, this is Kurt. The only thing I'll add to that is our long-term strategy or targets have not changed, and we're not saying that they have changed. At the Investment Community Day, we emphasized the long-term growth plan, particularly, as you mentioned, operating margin growth, 15, 20 basis point improvement. We said and knew that 2017 would not be in line with those long-term growth strategies, and we said the long-term growth is three to five years. And as 2017 has played out, additional pressures and costs on transportation, payroll investments, has perhaps changed a little bit of the level of performance that we foresee for 2018, but we still see realistic long-term targets for Tractor Supply to be able to drive the top line, as well as the operating margin growth rate in the long term.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Brad. This is Kurt. First, on CapEx, the guidance coming down is really two things. Most significant is going to be timing shift of the New York distribution center, and just the timing of key initial costs that go into it are shifting out of 2017 and into 2018. The only other real key change is more of a mix of the type of stores. So we either have a low-capital intensive prototype lease store or a retrofit with more capital, and the mix of stores in the back half Q3, Q4, has impacted the expectation on capital spending that has caused us to drop that $20 million. New store productivity, we're – as I mentioned on the call, we are pleased with new store productivity. The trends continue to show improvement over the 2016 year. And the results that we're seeing in the last couple of quarters, I think you'd see is pretty consistent to years like 2014 and 2015. The selection of stores and our ability to enter the markets quickly we've been pretty excited about. One thing on new-store productivity as you're calculating it, just as a reminder, with the integration of Petsense, with the smaller size, different model, the new store productivity, Petsense brings – has about a 600 basis point impact, bringing the number down. So if you exclude that out of your calculation, I think you'll be more in line with what we look at as the comparable Tractor Supply new store productivity.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, Ben, this is Kurt. On the ticket side, I'd say we said about 1.5% comp ticket increase for the third quarter, and roughly about a third of that was related to the big ticket and the hurricanes. The rest of it was principally more broad, just overall product mix. So from the ticket side, I'd say that's really about 50 basis points, and you can basically deduct that as part of the 120 basis point overall. And then on the gross margin side, when it comes to rate, we basically saw that the hurricanes drove top line, did not really have a significant impact on the rate. We had generators at a lower average rate price, but you had other higher-ticket items on the truck tool or hardware side. And then you did have some higher transportation costs to get the product to the consumer, and get it there quickly. There certainly were some higher transportation costs. You probably also read and heard that generally, starting in about late August, September, the demand for transportation through those hurricanes put a significant demand on the transportation system, and costs went up. So we look at it on the gross margin side as about a net neutral on rate.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, sure, Peter. Good questions. First, I'd tell you that, as Greg mentioned, with additional hours, where it's meeting the customer's needs, and as our customer comes into the store, and is looking for that expert advice and service, as well as the customer solution center, we've invested additional payroll hours. We believe that's all part of the top-line growth. Our stores speak and talk often, as you've heard us talk about G.U.R.A. And we want to make sure that our G.U.R.A. and our customer service is at the top level currently today in the retail environment. So, that is having an impact. We believe it's all part of our initiative and what's driving the top line. When it comes to the wage pressure, I would just say that what we've seen in pockets, certain states, as you're aware, have instituted some regulations that have had an impact to us. And then in pockets both in the stores and distribution center side, where there's some competitive wage pressures, it is important for us to maintain – hire and maintain the best team members, and we've certainly made sure that that is top priority. And that is putting some level – moderate level of impact in the third and fourth quarter, and we believe we'll see some of that in 2018. Not saying that this is a level of significant it could have a 10 or 20 basis point impact in 2018 on the wage side.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, Rob. This is Kurt. The best I can tell you at this point is we're going through our budgeting timeframe right now. The items that I mentioned, such as the new distribution center investment and the additional depreciation related to the investments, those are the more significant items. And so I would tell you they're listed in order of magnitude being depreciation and a new distribution center, to a lesser extent payroll and wage pressures is probably the best I can tell you at this point. Still a lot to be calculated and forecasted for 2018. Incentive comp, as I mentioned, I gave you the magnitude of that. It all depends on performance in 2018 and could have a magnitude of $0.06 to $0.08 next year.
Kurt D. Barton: Okay. Yeah, Stephen, in regards to Q4, we continue to see benefit and expect and anticipate from our gross margin initiatives pricing, strategic sourcing. We see some opportunity at the product margin rate in gross margin. Our anticipation is that would be offset by the headwinds we've seen on the transportation side, so it's really simply when it comes to compare, we think we can drive some improvement in the direct product margin, but that is going to be offset by higher costs on the transportation side. And then in regards to the long-term operating margin, I guess the best we could say is that we anticipate next year for the few items we mentioned and the investments in our long-term initiatives to have an increase in SG&A for those items. But most of those are either one time or they're temporary investments. And what I would tell you is that we see from there we're able to build as we are able to impact the top line and be able to maintain and improve the level of expense leverage from there. So looking out beyond 2018, it's too difficult to get specific, but there's a lot of what you see in the 2018 investments similar to 2017 that are very specific to the current or temporary investments in the business.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, this is Steve. We're keeping a close eye on it. What I can tell you is that no different than we do in our stores, we've got different categories of merchandise, whether it be items we're very competitive on, items that are more convenience and some that are balanced. And I've seen a lot of reports out there kind of trying to project where Tractor is relative to their pricing competitiveness online. What I can tell you is is that the vast majority of our business is done in stores. And the store brands that we carry, we feel really good about where we're at online. We do have about an additional 70,000 items that are online that we don't have in the stores, and we're constantly going through and checking those items, but those items don't have a significant impact on our revenue. So, again, I would tell you we feel pretty good about where we're at. We feel good on the consumable side of our business and a lot of the big ticket, especially the products that we carry in our stores.
Steve K. Barbarick: Okay, yes, sure. Let me start. This is Steve. The first question you ask about mobile, Neighbor's Club and tying the two together, here's what I can tell you. Our customers have always used mobile and we are getting more traction from mobile. As Greg said, we've got about 20% of the growth of our web is from unique customers. So, what we're seeing is more customers come into the fold that are relatively new to our site, and probably new to our brand. A lot of that has to do with a lot of the SEM marketing that we're doing out there, what we're going in social media space. And I do believe that's actually bringing more folks into the fold, or at least introducing them into the brand. Now, in terms of whether or not they're new to Neighbor's Club, that's a little harder for us to understand, because the Neighbor's Club program is new. And now that we're able to have as many as 5 million members, we're able to now go back through and check with those members to see if they're using mobile, desktop, or how they're coming to us, whether that be in-store or not. So, we'll probably know more once we start cycling more of this. At this point, Adam, that's the best I can give you.
Steve K. Barbarick: Seth, this is Steve. What I can tell you is we talk a lot about C.U.E. being across the four walls. But if I were to give you any indication on the product categories that did perform, we continue to see growth in those categories that continue to fuel our business. We did a reset in the livestock feed category in Q3, and we believe that that added some value. We localized a number of assortments, brought in some new SKUs and we continue to see growth in organic livestock feed. In addition to that, we did a reset in our pet food segment. And I know there's a lot of concern, a lot of buzz out there around pet food and the internet, but we're still continuing to see growth, not just in top line, but in units as well. And so that continues to do well for us. And so – and even in the lubricant category. So, without getting too specific, generally speaking, we continue to see growth, and we believe that's continuing to bring footsteps through the front doors.
Steve K. Barbarick: Okay. Steven, this is Steve. Let me go ahead and start. What I can tell you is is that we talked about the extended selling season for the spring/summer goods, and part of that, I think, we actually drove. And I say that because we've left more stores on year-round for a lot of the spring/summer goods in the Southern part of the U.S. Not only has it helped us operationally, but it's also gives us an opportunity to take advantage of a longer season. So that's some of the work we've done, and I think we're going to benefit from some of that not just in Q3, but maybe even a little bit in early Q4. In terms of the north, the set dates were very similar to what we did a year ago. I do think that every year our planning team, as they mature, continues to do a better job in assorting those stores from a timely standpoint, and also with the assortments that make the most sense for us. So I believe that we're really well positioned as we go into the back half of this year. Now in terms of what gets me excited about the inside of the box. I would tell you that there's a number of things. First off, in Q3, we had a strong performance within the four walls of the business. And while I know we talk a lot about the C.U.E. business and how that's performing, and we should, because it's doing well, there are other things outside of just C.U.E. that we're working on as well. In terms of things like big ticket, we've done some resets relative to log splitters and generators. We're even looking at our safe assortment, making modifications to that. On decor and spring goods – or, I'm sorry – fall and holiday goods, we're building off the momentum of what we had in spring, which was very strong for us. And I think we're going to have a really solid season in the back half of this year. As a matter of fact, the early signs right now are strong. And we're also launching a Trisha Yearwood decor collection, which we're kind of excited about, and we think it's going to really respond well with our customer base. We tested it in the spring. And then I would also lastly suggest to you that C.U.E. is still a focus for us. And we launched our version of 4health called UNTAMED, which is a high-protein diet, and it's already exceeded our original forecast. And I think our customers are responding favorably there. There's more opportunities within pet, we believe, as we continue to learn from Petsense and apply some of those learnings to our box as well and vice versa. And then in feed, I still believe that there's long-term growth for us as we continue to work our way into markets and consolidate what's taking place out there in that business. So across the board, and across the spectrum, I think there's opportunities, and I'm still pretty bullish on where they are.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, Chris, this is Steve. What I can tell you is – as Kurt mentioned earlier, that the early part of October started off a little warm and customers a lot of times buy on need. And when you come off of different seasons, there's usually early demand or not, based on what they remember from the prior year. We did have a cold December, but that was about it last year. And even when you worked in there, for the first part of this year, it was fairly mild compared to the year before. So our pellet – just to give you a sense for it – it picked up as it got colder, but, again, it's geographic. And a lot of our pellet business is done in the very Northeast. So, if you look at where it got cold, we saw demand for the cold-weather products. But as you moved further East to the Northeast, where it wasn't quite as cold yet, I still think that there's some pent-up demand that will come out once the colder weather hits. Log splitters, that's a little similar. We did do a reset, updated our log splitters, so we're seeing a little better performance than we saw a year ago. But that's what I can give you.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, this is Steve. We did, I would say, maximize the opportunity in our center court space. We did have a fall Chick Days, as you mentioned, and we thought that that went very successfully. We heard a lot from our stores and our customers how much they enjoyed that. And we saw some sales from it. At the same time, there were a couple of other events that we did, no different than what we've done in the past, but I think we had a lot more newness, and we really hit, I think, a better sweet spot with our customer with the product selection. So the center courts certainly helped us. In addition to that, some of the resets that I mentioned earlier, I think, paid off for us both in pet food and in feed, and a couple other categories as well. And we had a little bit of a carry through in some of our live goods as well, Chuck. As you look to desensitize your business in Q4, which is always a challenge, because we want to grow that seasonal business, because our customers need it when the weather does hit, some of the offsets to that are in our core basics. And I think that's one of the reasons we put so much effort into some of the resets into some of the non-seasonal businesses, such as the consumables. And so with the launch of several product lines in pet as well as in feed, we think that that will continue to drive traffic should the weather not necessarily come. In the center court, I mentioned earlier that we are really going to feed off the momentum of the decor selection and a lot of the holiday sets. And the early read on that is very positive, along with the new collection that we'll be launching from Trisha Yearwood. So I think that there's a lot of things outside of weather that we've done. Now, will they offset that completely if it stays warm the entire back half? I can't necessarily say that, but I can tell you I think we've put our best foot forward.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, this is Steve, and what I would tell you is, is that it was fairly broad-based, as Greg mentioned in his comments. While the pet and animal side probably was consistent with what we've traditionally seen. The other three walls of the box performed at pretty good levels. So, the traffic that was brought through, it seemed to translate within all four corners, and within most of the product mix. That's how I'd respond to that.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, Joe, this is Steve. I would tell you that it's a broad base of our customers that are coming to us. Whether it be Buy Online Pick Up in Store, I can give you examples of new customers who have found us through the web. At the same time, as Greg mentioned earlier, the majority of our customers are coming into our stores to pick up the product. Store locator is one of the key metrics for us, and we're finding that the store locator is up significantly in terms of percentage year-over-year, where customers are going online and then trying to find out where their nearest Tractor Supply Company store is. And then relative to customers that would like to have products shipped to them, again, that's only about 25% of our total sales. And what we're finding is is that it's a broad range of categories and most of those products are within the ZIP Codes that we have stores. And I think it's more of a convenience for them.
Steve K. Barbarick: John, I love it when you ask the question because those are the kind of questions I'm prepared for. So thank you for the predictability. What I can tell you is new products are critically important to our engine, certainly our sales engine. And we talk about filling often, early and cheaply, and I would tell you that the merchant team's gone out and there's a lot of tests that we're conducting right now. There is a lot of newness in the store and I think a lot of that has to do with a couple things. One, there's maturity in our sourcing side of our business. We're starting to finally get our legs under us after a few years of new folks coming in, learning the processes, learning the culture, learning our partnerships that we have overseas and domestically. In terms of the planning department, they've done a nice job as they've continued to mature in identifying local opportunities and assortment planning opportunities for the merchants and bringing them back. And I think that we're better assorted today than we have been in the past. And we've also gone out and we've hired a number of new merchants on the buying team that have brought with us a wealth of experience from retailers that do things differently and maybe have an expertise in certain areas. So across the board, I feel pretty good about the movement and the traction that we're getting there. I don't want to say that that's the season for Q3's strength of business. I think it was much more broad-based than that for a variety of things. But I am encouraged as we move forward into Q4 and into 2018 that we've got a good grounding for where we're going to be headed.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Adam, this is Greg to talk to you about the longer hours of operation. When we made a slight change back in the latter part of first, second quarter to stay open until 9:00, that was due to customer request. They were coming to us in droves saying, hey, listen, I need to be able to get to your store after 8:00 and pick things up. It's still light outside. I've still got work to do. Why are you guys closing at 8:00? And we had, I can't tell you, how many customers coming to us through email and through social media saying, why are you closing so early? Many of our competition stay open until 9:00, some stay open even until 10:00. So, we made the adjustment based upon that. My belief is is that we may have seen a slight uptick, but generally speaking, it was business that probably would have come to us the following day or morning. I think we just made it more convenient for our customers to stay open an extra hour. And it cost us a little bit in labor, but it was the right thing to do from a customer-service standpoint.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, we won't get too specific on comps, but I can tell you that it's running very much similar to how we're doing in Tractor Supply. So they're both running very positive. Second, as far as the overall growth and where this is headed, we've still got some integration things that we're doing, later this year, and the first part of next, and we're going to still say that there's many more hundreds of stores that we can open in Petsense, for Petsense in the rural environment. But we've got to get some other things in the works. We've got to get the website up. We've got to have some other structural things going on at Petsense to bring it kind of into the fold of how we operate at Tractor, and then I think you'll see us start to accelerate. So this year was a year of learning. What do we have? What does it look like? 2018 is the year of moving it forward, and I think beyond 2018 is the acceleration point.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I'll take the first part of the question, and maybe Kurt and I will double up on the second. We're going to see very little push in the business due to what happened around the Houston area. It's very isolated. It was flooding. You won't see a tremendous amount of benefit from our side, at least the Tractor – like maybe the home centers will see for rebuilding and reconstruction. Maybe some fencing replacement, but I don't think it's going to be major. There's actually more impact, Dan, when you look at what happened with Irma as she came through Florida. The power outages and things of that nature actually drove more of the business than did Harvey. To say that we have changed our thinking or changed the model of where we're going on long term, it would not be absolutely what's going on here. What we've been talking about is investment in bringing the digital and the physical places together. We've been doing this now for the last four years. We are seeing some pressures through some things in transportation. We're seeing that we're going to have to step up and move a little faster maybe in some of our omni-channel efforts. But this is nothing different than what we were talking about in the investor meetings. There is a little bit of movement. And one analyst mentioned earlier about do you think possibly that you may look at investing more on the digital side and a little less on the physical side as you balance this out over the next year or two. And I think that's probable, to be very honest. But we want to stay out in front of this, not be behind it. We believe now we've got the platforms in place. We've got some things to do in CRM and Neighbor's Club yet to really develop that and mature it. We've got some more things to do in mobile within our stores, putting some more technology in the stores. We've got a few things to do yet, just inside itself and how that both these component works. We've got a very, very strong and very healthy mix of business coming through the web, but translates at the store level. Very unusual when you think about it, versus much of the other retailers that you may throw us in the same basket with. So it's a little bit of some shifting around, Dan, but really no difference in strategy. We're still funding and pushing the same priorities that we talked about.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yeah, Dan, the combination of everything is we're still looking to 3% to 5% is the comp rate from a long-term standpoint. And temporarily we may not be there, but we believe that is absolutely achievable. And operating margin of around 10% is the goal. I know we haven't been there in the last couple of years. We've had some investment that we've had to make, and some other changes within some structures, but we see in front of us over the next couple of years the opportunity to get back to those levels.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, I was going to just follow up to say that our business was very strong well before the hurricanes ever came in. So, we were enjoying a very strong third quarter of sales. The hurricanes added a little at the end, but you lose at the beginning, you kind of lose in the middle, and you maybe pick up a little along the way with – the hurricane effects are not something that you plan on year to year, but that did not drive the third quarter results. We had a very strong business well before the hurricanes ever came.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Great question. I mean, that seems to be a big topic, certainly in the pet circles right now, with everything that is taking place out there. I will tell you that for the last, I don't know, five, six, seven years, we've worked really hard to develop our own exclusive brands, and also get behind those brands that have a little bit more channel exclusivity to them. And while there may be a few folks go into mass and doing some things online, the strength of our business continues to be very strong in those brands that we identify with, that our customers identify with, that are much more channel specific. Our private brands, if I were to give you a sense for the quarter, and even for the year, are outstripping on a comp basis what the national brands are doing within our box. Our team members have gotten behind those. We've added several subcategories of those in 4health as well. We'll continue to do an extension of our assortment within the retriever line. And then, as I mentioned earlier, the UNTAMED launch, which is more of an LID-type (01:05:22) product, I think, is going to do incredibly well. And the early read on that is very strong. So, when we look long term at that business, we still see upside. We're staying very close to what's happening in the marketplace, but we have accelerated our own efforts to continue to move faster into the exclusive brand side.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Brian, this is Greg. That's us being our typical – let's say we're being conservative and knowing that what we've put out there we believe we can achieve. Given a little bit of weather favorability, those numbers could change. But we were being more conservative. We did with the guidance change indicate between 1% and 2%, so it's not a low or high range. It's just somewhat of a conservative average is what we're targeting for the fourth quarter. We've got an immense December we're up against. And we took that into consideration with that forecast.
Gregory A. Sandfort: All right. Before I wrap up the call, I'd like to inform all of you that Christine Skold, this is her last earnings call. She's decided to leave Tractor Supply Company after a lot of thought and reflection. She shared this decision with her internal team a few weeks ago, and she felt it was time for her to find a new opportunity to further her professional growth. She will be actively engaged in the IR function through next Friday November 3. I'd like to thank Christine for her 15 years of dedicated service here at Tractor Supply. Through her work in a variety of roles, she has made a significant contribution to Tractor Supply, and we wish her all the best for continued success in her professional and personal pursuits. In closing, thank you for your continued support of our company. And we're focused on the end game. We want to be the store of choice for those who live life out there and we look forward to speaking to you again in January regarding our ONETractor initiatives and our fourth quarter financial results.
