Mary Pilkington: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the time to join us today. And I do hope you're all staying safe and well. On the call today are Hal Lawton, our CEO; and Kurt Barton, our CFO. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. Seth Estep, our EVP and Chief Merchandising Officer, will join us for the question-and-answer session. Please note that we've made a supplemental slide presentation available on our website to accompany today's earnings release. Now, let me reference the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the future operating and financial performance of the company. In many cases, these risks and uncertainties are beyond our control. Although, the company believes the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations or any of its forward-looking statements will prove to be correct, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements are included at the end of the press release issued today and the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information contained in this call is accurate only as of the date discussed. Investors should not assume that statements will remain offered at a later time. Tractor Supply undertakes no obligation to update any information discussed in this call. Additionally, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these items to U.S. GAAP are included in today's press release and presentation, which are posted on our Investor Relations website. Given the time constraints and the number of people who want to participate, we ask that you please limit your questions to one with a quick related follow-up. I appreciate your corporation. We will be available after the call for follow-up. Thank you for your time and attention this morning. Before we get started, may I ask you to please turn your attention to our year-end review video that can be seen on our webcast. [Video Presentation]
Mary Pilkington: Michelle, let me just say one thing, if I may. I know we're at the top of the hour, but we're going to let the call go about 10 minutes longer. Thank you.
Mary Pilkington: All right. Thank you, Operator. This will conclude our call today. And thank you to everyone for joining us. We look forward to speaking to you on our first quarter call in April.
Harry Lawton: Hey, Scot. It's Hal Lawton, and good to speak with you this morning. I think the guidance that we provided is very consistent with the commentary that we had at the end of the third quarter. And I think aligned with the spirit of the dialogue in our opening remarks, which is that we expect COVID to remain a large kind of consumer driving force for the foreseeable future, certainly into the fall, if not for the balance of the year. And as a consequence of that, many of the macro trends, which have benefited us, will continue. We also think a number of these macro trends are sticky irregardless of COVID. And so, we kind of see those two coming together in a way that shapes the year as follows. The first quarter we're in now, we expect momentum in this quarter and our results in this quarter will be much like what we saw in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 with elevated sales levels. And then, as we start to comp on top of those in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 this year, we do expect that the comps will start to turn to more normal levels. And the collectiveness of that will kind of compile [Technical Difficulty] guided between minus 2 and plus 1. So it is a heavily weighted in the first quarter with kind of Q2, Q3, Q4, recognizing it will be comping on top of last year's elevated levels, but with still likely strong underlying momentum supporting those quarters.
Harry Lawton: Yes. We're certainly looking to piece apart our various initiatives, and we have some pretty sophisticated analytics tools that allow us to do that, at these more elevated volume levels, it is a little bit harder to see than what you might see in a normal mid single digit comp environment. But I will say that it's our view that we are gaining share and winning in all the categories that we participate in. And that's really consistent across the Board, whether you're looking at industry level data or we're talking with vendors. And so that would lead us to believe that not only are we benefiting from the macro trends, but the work that we're doing to support the business is also helping with that. And I'll call out a few things that kind of give us that - give us that sense. First off, I'll point to kind of some data sets around our customer. Our unaided brand awareness due in part, due to our national television campaign that we launched last March is up 8 points in the year. That's a very significant improvement in unaided brand awareness. And then the benefit that we've seen of that is a significant - the most customers that we've ever had shop our store in one year last year, including 11 million new customers and six million reacquired customers. And those customers are shopping with us at repeat rates that are at kind of all-time highs. And those repeat shopping rates are for the new customers are holding - have held through the year. So whether it was a new customer we saw in March or April or May, or a new customer that we saw in October, November, December, all those repeat shopping rates are holding at all-time highs. And then, last thing I'll talk about is, if you look at our team members. And you look like our customer SAT scores, our - if you look at the customers perception of safety and health and well-being in our stores, customers seem to be voting with their wallets and shopping and Tractor Supply, indicative of both our strong transactions, but also our strong ticket. And I think that would speak to the fact that customers are certainly aggregating their ticket. You're hearing that from other retailers, more units per basket driving basket up, but a lot of these retailers are talking about negative comp transactions. With us, it's very balanced with about half coming from comp transactions and about half coming from average ticket. So we're seeing that stock up, but we're also seeing more transactions in the store. So, it's hard to kind of piece it together, but we do think the initiatives we're taking, the support we've given the business on inventory and adding staffing, our focus on cleanliness, plus our digital efforts and our early efforts around Fusion and Sidelight [ph] and FAST, are adding to the share - creating - helping us drive share gains and kind of add it to the macro trends we're seeing.
Harry Lawton: Yes. Hi, Elizabeth and good morning. Yes. This was just completing my first year as the CEO of Tractor Supply. And so just kind of normal course, kind of steps back and did a strategic review of Petsense, right at the beginning of the fourth quarter. The business - the net takeaway is where the business is doing well. But if you look at the broader landscape of pets and where the shifts are coming, where things are growing, and you look at the - kind of what's playing out in specialty, through that work and then us revisiting our real estate model as a part of that, we made the decision to reduce the long-term store count expectations that we have for that business. And in doing so, that led us to revisit the value that we had on that business, on our balance sheet. And so we've now kind of reset our expectations for the new store counts of that business. We've hired a new leader, for the Petsense business, and we are - we will continue to invest in Petsense, as we see opportunities. And it's - as I said, the business is doing well. We do think its gaining share, in the specialty space. And we will continue to support that business and moving forward, just at a lower long-term store count target.
Harry Lawton: Yes. I look forward to sharing with you more about the Petsense strategy as Matthew comes in and has an opportunity to engage and chart the future of the company. And we're very pleased with the performance. The stores are doing well. The website is doing well. As you said, Liz, we do know pet online is doing well. You can look at the industry data, and that's certainly something I know Matthew is going to - we'll be looking into as a way to accelerate our efforts there. So, more to come.
Harry Lawton: Yes. Hey, Steve, and good morning. A couple of things I'll say. First of all, on the Neighbor's Club program, we are very pleased with the growth in the ownership of that - I mean, the growth in the membership of that program, reaching 19 million members, representing approximately 60% of our total sales. We're seeing very strong engagement rates with those customers. And we have plans, as we've talked about to reinvigorate that program in the first half of this year, which I think will drive a step change in engagement with those customers and also migration upward of their spend. So we're very - we're looking forward to that promotion and getting it out there and look forward to sharing more details with you at our next earnings call on it. As it relates to our new customers, we've mentioned in the past that we see approximately 20% of our new customers return and shop with us within 28 days. And that trend really hasn't changed since the beginning of the year. It's held very stable. And it's two or three points higher than what we would have seen in a historic period when we cohorted new customers. And then I would say it's not - we also continue to see strong repurchase rates as you get out to kind of two months at the 56 day count and at three months. And so we're very pleased with their reengagement. We see them engaging first in categories like poultry and dog and pet. But then they start to broaden their purchases across things like apparel and garden, and if they started in pet, they might move to poultry or vice versa. And a higher percentage of these groups than our normal business starts online and does a pickup in store, and then you'll see in their next purchase then coming into the store for purchase. And our new customer SAT scores are higher than historic as well. So, I'd say all around, we are pleased with the 19 million numbers. They represent the growth that we had this year, particularly in the midst of the pandemic. Our sign up is really at the register there face-to-face. People are really trying to check out much faster as we all know. So, the ability to still sign up those Neighbor's Clubs members and gain the millions that we did this year, we're very pleased with and then the new customers are exhibiting very strong reengagement behavior.
Harry Lawton: I don't think we've disclosed that in the past. But what I will say is - and we'll get that some thought on whether to do so. But what I would say is there are material increases from previous years.
Harry Lawton: Yes. Thanks, Peter. And what I'd say is the – I think the dynamics that are playing out in the market right now, whether it's with customers or vis-à-vis our competitors, those dynamics are really playing to the sweet spots of Tractor Supply. First off, people are struggling with in-stocks, and I think you're going to see more of that as we get into the spring with the supply chain disruption that's out there. And our team has done an outstanding job, managing inventory through the year. We saw how we ended the year with inventory above last year. And we're tracking to continue with that at those levels, if not higher, as Kurt mentioned in his opening remarks. We planned for our spring shipments to arrive earlier than they have historically. And so while we are seeing some container backlog, we are going to be able to manage through that and get it kind of in on a normal time frame, but that's to our benefit. So I think anywhere where you've made investments in inventory and you've leaned in there, anywhere where you're making investments in customer service because right now that makes such a big difference in this environment. And we've certainly done that through the net hiring of 10,000 team members and providing appreciation bonuses and others and raises to drive their engagement. Also in technology, if you've invested in technology and you can do curb side pickup, and you can do same-day, next-day delivery, and you can do those with great customer service, that leads to advantages as well. So I think the scale that we have in our distribution systems, the scale that we have in technology, the leverage and scale that we have with our vendors, and then, of course, our advantage of our 42,000 team members, which wake up every day looking to provide legendary service, all that just plays well for us. I mean, we're – and then you think about the convenience, the location of our stores and that's why if you go across every category, we're confident that we're taking share in a significant way. I mean, if you look at our CUE business being up over 20% for the quarter, that's – and you think about the proxy – using that as a proxy for the businesses that are in there around animal feed and pet food and others, those rates are well above industry estimates for those categories. And certainly, a lot of other companies that are out there reporting that play in those categories. So I think it really just speaks to the business model to track or the resiliency of it and the foundation of it and then the investments that we're making day-to-day to ensure that our customers and our new customers are having a great experience.
Harry Lawton: We have not mentioned what percent are buying CUE in their first purchase. We did mention what percent are coming back and buying a second time. So about 20% of our new customers return and shop with us again within 28 days. And we said that's above historic run rates by several points. So we feel very good about our retention of these customers. And that's a proxy at one-time marker, but it's the same if you look across 7, 14 days, 2 months, 3 months, et cetera. As it relates to what they're buying on their first purchase, the 2 dominant areas that they're buying on their first purchase are pet, pet food or poultry and or supplies and such around those two categories.
Harry Lawton: Yes, absolutely. So this is what the full focus of our marketing team is focused on, is exactly this, is we've got - we've invested over the last 1.5 year or two in our CRM capabilities, moving that platform to the Azure cloud, upgrading our analytical capabilities, adding new personalization tooling in place and also looking at behaviors, whether on the site or inside of the store and then looking for kind of like comparing them to look like shoppers. And so whether it's e-mails that those new customers get or whether it's digital banner ads, we're retargeting them. All those sorts of kind of marketing channels and vehicles are being used to engage with these customers and encourage them to re-shop with us. And in addition, obviously, we just have the investments we're making in our team members, the investments we're making in our store experience, the investments we're making in inventory and those sorts of things that drive repeat behavior as well. One interesting anecdote that I'll give on this is we ask our customers in our checkout survey, kind of post-purchase survey, what their top criteria were for why they selected to shop with Tractor Supply. And typically the responses are similar to what any other retailer would have with price and location convenience, having the right product, customer service; those sorts of things that are kind of the dominant criteria for shopping for retail. During the midst of the pandemic over the last 6 months, the number one and number two criteria have been cleanliness and safety. Never in my 20-plus years of retail, have I seen those two criteria at the top of a customer’s decision-making criteria. And so that's why we've invested so much in those areas. And I highlighted the tens of millions of dollars we've spent on those areas in the last quarter.
Harry Lawton: Yes. We are planning for the pet category to continue to remain strong, and to over-perform relative to our overall business in the year. I think on the last call, we talked about poultry and chickens and flocks and how they're a bit of an annuity stream, given that they have a 7, 8 year lifespan. Obviously, pet is very much the same way. With pet adoption up at an all-time high, those pets, as they grow are only going to – they're going to move from puppy food to adult food. We're seeing that, by the way, in our trends. Typically with dogs, as they get a little older, they eat a little more, as they get bigger. So we're actually seeing that – the benefit from that a little bit on the tonnage side. And we expect the humanization of pet will remain very strong this entire year, as people continue to work-from-home really for the foreseeable future, potentially all of 2021. And so they're around their pets. They're buying toys. They're buying snacks. They're upgrading their bed, they're getting them a new bed. All those things, I expect will continue this year. And as I said, we're very pleased with our pet business. We are confident we're gaining share in our pet business. We're seeing strong growth in our pet business, both in-store just through brick-and-mortar channels, as well as online. And certainly, the sweet spot for us on pet is our omnichannel, where we're seeing significant amount of pet purchases online picked up in store. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're investing heavily in this category to remain a strong destination for our customers in it, whether it was the release recently of our new Pet Rx solution online, whether it's the rollout of both the subscriptions in-store to support in a similar way that we have it online, whether it's the addition of 150 to 200 more pet watch stations this year, and then also the build-out of more pet wellness clinics in our stores to support the mobile pet clinics that we have that drive significant engagement with our stores from our customers. So we feel really good about where we are in pet, and we'll be continuing to invest here. I guess, I neglected also mentioned topologies is that our marketing campaign that we've been doing in the past year, we have a significant amount of dedicated marketing, both TV and digital devoted to pet. And it's - its systemic mean, it's always on and we do spike it at certain periods. But it's a consistent program that we're doing now. First time we've done that. We've been doing that for about 6 or 9 months.
Harry Lawton: Yes, hey, Chuck. We are - remain very bullish, on the Side Lot project. It's - as we remarked before, garden is the category that our customers say they most participate in that we don't fully address their needs. And in the Side Lot that we have open, we - the customer engagement with the product and the purchase rate, it was - it's kind of like an overnight switch. Once that's all - when the project is complete and the product is in there, we saw really strong engagement with customers. And this is in the midst of fall and winter when, live goods assortments are very limited and gardening activities is much less. So we've got over 50 of these Side Lots, in - underway right now. Some, we're in the process of applying for permits. Some were in the final stages of getting the certificate of occupancy. We've got 100 plus more – 100 plus more scheduled for the year. And we're very excited about their potential. And the team is doing an excellent job kind of navigating this environment to get those built. It's in the context of COVID you've got, construction crews at a time. So we'll have to quarantine for a couple of weeks, if one of the team members on the project is test positive. You've got city municipalities that getting permitting done is very difficult. Getting someone to come out and do a certificate of occupancy is much slower. And the team is just doing an excellent job managing through, all those twists and turns. We're very - we remain very bullish on Side Lot. And like, I said, a number of them underway. I just visited a handful of them in the last week and really excited to have our first batch of them opened in time for the spring season.
Harry Lawton: It's very seasonal. And in my experience elsewhere, the garden centers are very productive, if not more productive than they store, during the core spring season. And then in the winter time, the productivity falls off well below the core of the store. And so, we're looking forward to having a full year ahead of us with these projects to be able to get a sense for what's the max productivity in the midst of spring. How much can we prop the productivity up with things like Christmas trees, and pumpkins, and harvest type stuff in the fall? And then, we'll see where it plays out for the full year. But we are very confident that it will drive significant productivity relative to how the space is being used now and will drive strong shareholder returns. The question is to what magnitude. And we'll know more as we get into spring.
Kurt Barton: Hey, Karen. This is Kurt. Yes, thank you for the question. And really, the question, as I understand it, is about the outlook on the operating margin, the flow-through going forward. One important thing that I pointed out in our prepared remarks is, we had tremendous upside and benefit in 2020 from the gross margin side of the business. And the principal drivers with that, was for the majority of the year, we had favorable transportation. And the most significant was unusually of low levels of promotion and clearance. I mean, the inventory, at some point, really felt like it was going hand to mouth to the consumer. And we anticipate this year in 2021, as we still have some of that extended pandemic demand before we start to cycle into that, that there's benefit on less promotion and clearance. We'll start to normalize on that. The important thing is to manage the business, ensuring that we're everyday low price. We're giving our customers a great value in our product enterprise. And over the years, we're going to manage the operating margin, ensuring that we continue to gain market share. And the important thing is that there may begin to be in the next couple of years as inventory more normalizes and more clearance exposure normalizes. There's some anticipated risk with gross margin. So, we'll continue to manage gross margin with our benefits of our driving and staying at EDLP, not anticipating to revert back to the promotional activity in the past. But with our investments in the business the next couple of years to continue to gain this market share, we anticipate still staying around that range. We think it's a great sweet spot to allow us to continue to hit those revenue growth targets and to continue to gain on the market share. So we want to manage to a reasonable operating margin to continue our opportunity to gain market share. And our outlook for 2021 and the long-term really anticipates that. And as we progress, we'll continue to update you as we see more visibility as things change.
Kurt Barton: Yes. It's a great question. As we think about traffic and ticket in 2021, there's a lot of variables and still some uncertainty as we begin to lap that. We're going to be nimble and have shown in the past that we can shift very well to that. So as we think about the business with ticket and traffic, I'll give you some thoughts on ticket drivers, certainly some level of inflation that could be driving ticket. If there's continued trip consolidation, it helps in the ticket. But other aspects on traffic, as areas such as trip consolidation, if there's a bit more normalization on trip consolidation, as we begin to cycle some of the COVID demand. And if there's inflation, it sometimes has an offset on the traffic. So point being, there's a number of variables in there. And as we cycle this, we see our opportunity in both categories, and there can be some risk and shift in both. And we've contemplated those aspects in our guidance for comp sales as we begin to cycle the COVID lift that we saw starting in Q2 of 2020. And we anticipate that there's not a meaningful shift from either one as we see it at this point, but both has variables that could drive it up or down.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Peter, this is Kurt. In regards to inflation, let me first start with what we've seen here in 2020. I mean, we saw a bit of elevation as we worked our way through the year. In Q4, we still saw a bit of a modest level of inflation, less than 100 basis points of commodity inflation into the product cost. We anticipate that as all of the inflation information, as I know everyone's seen is certainly at higher levels. We're anticipating that to accelerate in 2021. We've seen where inflation on commodities can rise as quickly as it did. It can also shift, as you know, just as quickly. So like we said in our prepared remarks, we're planning for 2021 and are a number of scenarios. But in our guidance, we assume that over the year, a weighted average of about 1% to 2% inflation into the product cost and that certainly could vary first half versus second half of the year. And right now, we're seeing the points that Seth mentioned on grains and steel being primary drivers of some inflation at this point. So as we picked up an assumption, that range of about 1% to 2% is where we landed in our assumption.
