Gregory A. Sandfort: Thank you, Kurt, and I'd like to express my appreciation to the more than 29,000 team members here at Tractor Supply and Petsense for their commitment to our mission and values as they focus on delivering a great customer experience every day to our Out Here lifestyle customers. We have a strong and growing business which addresses a unique niche operated by an exceptional team of – team members. And as a team, we are energized about our prospects as we go forward for the remainder of the year. With that, Mary Winn, I'd like to turn it over to you and open the lines for questions.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Ben, I would say that no, that is not the case for 2019. Many of these tariffs will start to have some impact in 2019. As I mentioned, we don't know the full extent yet, although we've run some preliminary numbers. And like I said, we have two options. One option is going out now and looking to resource those products, which we are doing, in some cases, looking at alternative countries and places where we can build product. And then, again, some of this could be a pass on to the consumer. But let me remind you, only about 10% of our overall receipts are directly imported. We do have another percentage that we can't totally qualify yet that would be coming through, I'll call it, indirect, meaning it's components that are put into products that are probably assembled here in the U.S. that we buy from, I'll say, the U.S. maker. Those things are the more difficult ones to get our hands on. But we feel very comfortable through 2018 we're in good shape. In 2019, we'll deal with this as we know more and as we can quantify one of those two positions we need to take.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Let me address both of those, Brian. This is Greg. First, the farm economy pressures, as you know, less than 10% of our customer base is truly impacted by production farming. So, it's a small number. I think what the President has done recently with the soybean scenario is going to play out much better. That aid of $12 billion and such will help. But so far, we've really seen no impacts. Again, I think the next several rounds of the tariff conversations, where these settle, could have a little bit more to play as we go into 2019. But for 2018, so far so good is the way I would say it for us here at Tractor Supply. Now, the second piece on tariffs, how nimble are we? How fast can we resource products? Remember, only about 10% is direct from factory to Tractor. There is some other factors involved there with, what I'll call, indirects, where it's products that are being pulled through the supply chain, components that are used to assemble products here and such. And what I can tell you is we're very nimble. We have a very strong presence in the Far East. We are sourcing product now in multiple countries. We have the ability to move products probably faster than anyone else in our channel. But we will still continue to watch this closely to make sure that we don't overcorrect, because some of this is a bit of a Washington pushing the envelope with China, try to get some concessions. And this is really all about intellectual property rights. Let's face it, that's what this big concern is from Washington. So, I'm hopeful that we'll see some concessions on both sides that'll bring this level of intensity down over the next several months. And by the end of the year, maybe this will be somewhat of a non-issue. But we are very nimble. Our supply chain is much more sophisticated today than it was 10 years ago. We have ample places to source product. And we're working with our extended vendor community, those who we buy, I'll call it, domestically from who have ties to China for components and such as well as the things we do on a direct basis.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, Ben, this is Kurt. In regards to your question about private label credit card, I'll give you a couple points on our private label credit card program, which we're excited about. We saw solid growth in the program. For example, couple key points. Year-over-year sales on the program are up and were up in every month. Our tender penetration on the private label credit card also was up in the quarter. Our initial focus on the program right now is deferred financing offers. And we believe that the offers that we put together this year for our customers resonated well. It allowed customers who were looking for deferred financing on bigger tickets to be able to accept that level of program. So, we're excited on private label. We believe it has a great level of potential in the future. But this is a long-term initiative, and we believe that not only is it something that resonates for deferred financing and can be a contributor to big ticket, but we'll be focused in the future as we mature this program to be able to drive more tender to that card, and believe we can find efficiencies in our tender by driving more of our business to the card.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, Simeon, this is Kurt. In regards to the operating margin opportunity for us and where we see that going in the future, it's part of our strategy that we manage both, the gross margin and the SG&A factors that play into the operating margin. For the second half of the year, the key factors that we consider in the EBIT margin is that gross profit does have higher transportation pressures this year and going forward. We believe that continues into the second half. And based on our performance and the comparisons to last year, you have a bit of a headwind on the incentive comp. In regards to the transportation, the efforts we have on cost mitigation as well as what our merchants are doing on the pricing side, we have momentum to not only mitigate the cost on the transportation side, but as well as be able to find offsets on pricing. So, we believe there's some headwind on operating margin in the back half as we saw a little bit in Q2, but we're managing and controlling what we can control and focused on the transportation costs and driving efficiencies in there.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Simeon. There's three key factors that I would give to you to remind you on looking-forward ahead, as we expect to be able to steady the operating margin beyond 2018. First, the investments we've been making over the last few years are beginning to plateau. So, the burden that you see on the operating margin is in the run rate. The second thing, those investments are beginning to contribute to the top line, as you indicated. And a good example of that, four quarters now of 3%-plus comp sales. And then, lastly, our efforts on operating efficiencies, which is part of our ONETractor strategy, are focused on offsetting the cost pressures in the industry. So, the combination of those three things are what are core to driving our expectation to steady the operating margin.
Kurt D. Barton: And Chuck, this is Kurt. In regards to the second part of the question, yes, just to clarify, our anticipation on the back half of the year is that we will have positive comp sales in both quarters. But the back half of the year would net below the revised guidance range of 3% to 3.5%. And a point of perspective there is we're running first half 4.7% and we anticipate the full year to be at 3% to 3.5%. And so, we anticipate the back half, because principally the stronger compares we've got in the back half, that those positive comp store sales will be below the 3% to 3.5% range.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Seth, this is Kurt. Just a little bit of point of reference on where we're at. We anticipated to see some modest inflation in 2018 when we set our original guidance. And we saw in first quarter some modest level inflation. We mentioned it was the first time, so 20-plus basis points of inflation first quarter. So, we did see a pickup in the second quarter. And we anticipate in the back half to have some level of inflation, impact in the back half to be generally in line with what we saw in second quarter. 60 basis points to 80 basis points may be a good range to anticipate from what we can see today on the inflation. Lastly, on inflation – go ahead. Lastly on inflation, most of the inflation we've seen so far principally from the commodities and grain. And we've seen, that has some volatility and can change. We're starting to see lesser extent some inflation in oil and steel-based product as well. But overall, we anticipate at this point about 60 basis points to 80 basis points impact on the back half of the year.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure. Steven, in regards to the transportation costs, if we – and I'm just breaking out the gross transportation that we've seen. First, our carrier average rates are higher year-over-year, and I would say they're running greater than our original estimates. And probably in line with what we're seeing on the industry, there's variations, but anywhere from high-single digits to low teen-type increases year-over-year. The fuel costs are slightly above our original expectations to start the year, running about 20% year-over-year increases. We do see spot rate usage increase, and that is playing into the transportation costs. But we are working to manage that. And what we're working on right now and our solutions are a number of key efficiencies in our transportation side of the business to be able to mitigate that. And, Steve, I'll let you mention what we're doing on the transportation side.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, thanks, Peter, this is Kurt. On the operational efficiency, I'll give you a couple key updates on that. First, I'd say for us, when we look at that, this is transformational. It's implementing and introducing productivity and efficiency measurements in the business. And where we're at with that program, we said we were going to do a comprehensive review and initial assessment in the first half of the year, and we're completing the initial assessments now. We are, in the second half, launching the efforts to implement the first initial waves of some change and improvements in the second half. And the big buckets of those areas: first, supply chain, which does have a heavy portion in transportation; store productivity, and indirect procurement. And as I started, I would just say, this is a long-term strategy. It is part of our ONETractor strategy. And this is something that we will be focused on over the next few years. I'd expect savings not to occur until 2019, as we're beginning to make those investments and those changes in the back half of 2018 and into 2019.
Kurt D. Barton: Well, Michael, I'll take the last one first. That comment I would not – I'm not try to infer anything particular to a quarter. We're real proud, and there's a strong momentum in the business on comp sales and traffic has been consistent. So, we recognize Q3 has some strong headwinds facing on the comps from last year, but the momentum of the business puts us in a position that we believe we can drive good, positive comp sales in the third quarter. I do believe looking at the overall comps on two-year stack is a good way of looking at it. And if you do, you're seeing 6% or 6%-plus comps not only in some of the past quarters, but going forward in the back half of the year. And then in regards to the first part of your question, which was the weather, weather is a favorable contributor to the second quarter results, not really a key driver. And I'll give you two points of reference to think about with that. First, as Steve mentioned, there's strong trends in the seasonal business that we had in the second quarter and that may indicate benefit from the weather. But then also the core business was strong across the second quarter and across a lot of that everyday merchandise throughout the quarter. So as you balance those out, you really come to the fact that weather was a favorable contributor, but not necessarily that key driver.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, Peter, this is Kurt. There's a few variables that play into the revised guidance, and I'll mention a few of those. First, I mean, the momentum we see on the top line and the strength of the core business is a key factor for the increase in the top-line sales. When you look at the rest of the P&L, the two other key factors is we've seen with pressures in the transportation costs that there will be a higher pressure on that and slightly lower gross margin rate as well as the performance of the business, particularly the top line, drives higher incentive compensation. And you're looking at 2018 at a more normalized or slightly higher incentive comp versus the compares of last year. So, those are two key points that play into the back half in regards to the bottom line on the revised guidance.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, Christopher, this is Kurt, I'll start with the questions and hit the oil markets. When it comes to geographic, I'll back up and just say one of the things we were excited about the second quarter is all geographies positive comp and the range was pretty tight. But in regards to the oil markets, as you mentioned, Texas, Oklahoma area was the strongest geographic region that we had during second quarter. And so in comparison, where you saw some headwinds causing there to be a little bit of a pressure in that area, I would say that it helped this year being slight – part of the benefit and contributor to Texas, Oklahoma's performance on the business. And then Steve, you can take the next question.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah. No, we've not really had any meaningful shift in the level of investments, either the capital spend or any operational investments on the back half of the year based on the first half. We're sticking with our plan and we're executing it well. And the SG&A spend is pretty much consistent with what our plan was. In regards to the incentive comp, our team members in the field are incentivized on a monthly store sales bonus. So, you'll see in strong performance on the top line, all of our team members are eligible for store sales bonus monthly. And we're real excited to be able to pay our store managers and our team members out in the store a sales bonus when they have a performance like Q2. And when you compare, as I mentioned earlier, first half of last year on incentive comp, first half was a 0.2% comp sales and this year was a 4.7%. So, you can see how incentive comp plays in. Both store managers and then management within the company is incentivized on a profit bonus, bottom line, return driven compared to our plan that we pay out against target for the year. And so, those are the two key contributors on the incentive comp.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, this is Steve, Zach. What I would do is I would say that there was a modest impact that we saw when it came to seasonal merchandise, and that was noted in some of the earlier remarks. When you look at the totality of the business, what gets me really excited is that there was strength across the four walls and growth on the digital side as we continue to work toward that seamless shopping experience for our consumer. And so, I'm looking at this and I'm looking at all the initiatives we have within ONETractor, a lot of the technical ones, what we're doing with Neighbor's Club, and how we're working the inside of the store, and they're all playing a role in some of the foundational comps that we've experienced.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, I would just say when it comes to the Neighbor's Club loyalty program, there's one data point that I think is really meaningful. And that is that the stores that have a higher penetration of sales and transactions of Neighbor's Club members generate higher comp store sales. And I would say that there's a reason for that, and that has to do with our work toward email communication, personalization, and how we're working with the customer on quarterly rewards. I think all that ties together to show the difference between stores that are performing well with a higher penetration versus those that aren't. How we grow it – and this is what the team's been working on, this thing has scaled dramatically. And I believe Greg said that at the end of the quarter, we had almost 8.7 million members en route to 10 million members. The benefit that we're getting is the loyalty from them and, at the same time, we're getting the benefit of the e-mail communication that we can deliver directly to them, and we can be incredibly nimble. So I guess I feel very good about the direction we're headed and I think there's a lot more work that can be done to even enhance where we're at today.
Steve K. Barbarick: Chuck, I'll start with the question. One of the things that we're really careful about is setting a target that could actually produce maybe poor or bad behavior. And I get the question, Greg does too, a lot of times on exclusive brands and what percentage should it be. One of the things that we believe is that our team members have a connection in the small communities that we're in with our customers. We're a relationship-based business. We're going to continue to ask if our customers would like to be part of the program and then show them the benefits. How it scales from there, we're going to have to see. But what we're not going to do is get in a position where we're going to force some uncomfortable experience there at the point of sale to try to drive the number up. So while we've got some internal targets that are relatively rough that I'd rather not communicate at this point, I would just tell we're working toward continued growth.
Steve K. Barbarick: So, why don't we – Kurt, why don't you take the first portion of that, and then maybe I can talk a little bit to the spot.
Steve K. Barbarick: Well, I was just going to mention that the spot buy for Tractor Supply Company is a very small percentage of our overall carrier business. So, it is very low-single digit and continues to get lower. And some of the things that we've done to mitigate that is really open up the window another day or so with our carriers, and that's dropped the spot buy down considerably. So, again, I think going forward, I don't see the spot portion of this being the biggest risk. We're watching diesel prices and just, in general, capacity, probably more importantly.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. This is Steve. We talk a lot about continued growth and momentum in that channel. What I can tell you is, as Greg mentioned, it's continued to be strong double-digit growth. And as we look forward to the remainder of the year, it will likely be between 2% and 3% of our total business as a company and that continues to scale pretty dramatically.
Steve K. Barbarick: And one comment I would make is on the top line it's really more of a factor of the really solid performance that we had in the second half of last year and comping up against that.
Steve K. Barbarick: Sure. In terms of the extended seasonal sales, we have baked in what we believe is the current run rate into the forecast for the back half of the year, so that's solidly in there for you.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. So, Seth, this is Steve. As mentioned, it was really driven by product mix. It was driven by slight or moderate inflation, like we talked about. And then, of course, the big ticket. In big ticket, there was a variety of categories that were impacted. So, it wasn't relegated to just one specific area. The one area that I would point to is riders and mowers, and a lot of it had to do with the new and expanded lineup, along with some seasonal benefit. The card was used for a number of those categories, but I would just caution us as we look forward that every quarter is very unique and very different at Tractor Supply Company. And the first half and the back half is very different. So while the vast majority of our business was benefited in big ticket by riders and mowers, that doesn't necessarily translate into the back half of this year. So overall, we were pleased with the big ticket. We think that our assortments were laid out well for that customer to come in and get it, and we certainly benefited from it.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, Chuck, this is Steve. We got off – throughout the quarter one of the things we talk a lot about is being nimble. And I would say there's probably not a better example of that than our ability to go in and take a look at our promotional cadence and make adjustments where we need to, to refine the business. As we got through the second quarter and sales were pretty solid, we were able to pull back and do some things there. And I think that overall it benefited the business and the overall margin rates.
