Gregory A. Sandfort: Seth, a couple of things. I think number one, we always talk about the halves, not the quarters and I look at the first quarter as an anomaly. I really did. I also would tell you that we're seeing some very positive signs that our consumers are back in our stores, our customer service levels have never been better and I think that our consumers, not only in stores, but even online are finding that we're in stock, we can take care of their needs, and now that they're out doing these projects and that we are the place that they're choosing to shop with. But I think what I should do is maybe throw this over to Steve and let him talk to you about a few things that he believes also he's seeing in the merchant marketing side.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Robert, I'll take that. This is Greg. I would tell you that the results that we've seen from our efforts to bring what I would call our store themes, level of customer service back to levels that we're excited about and we've seen this through our SMG reporting, it's not a short-term thing. Although as we believe the sales will come with that investment, I think we'll be able to leverage some of that over time. So it's a little bit of a step-out, but it's also a step-up, I believe, in driving the sales.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Alan, this is Greg. I'll start off by telling you that it's not been a year, it's been about only six months. And what we're learning is that in these real markets, we have a niche of consumers there that is a little different than the Tractor consumer who needs high service, who needs maybe a little higher mix of what I'd call premium brand products that they can't find really anywhere else and they may find it in an individual mom and pop. So when we did our research on Petsense and the history that we had developed with our experience with HomeTown Pet, it clearly showed that there was at least 1,000 stores markets out there that we could place this concept. So it is very different than Tractor from a standpoint of its offering of services and even mix. It will be more bifurcated as we go forward. That particular organization, from a economic standpoint, a little higher SG&A but also higher margins because of the mix of the services piece. So we like the model. We like the way it's going to add, I think, incremental value to TSC over time. But it won't be the same ramp that you'll see in Tractor storage right now. We still have some more learning to do and, as I said, when we made the purchase, it's about a year's worth of learning before we can start to push the pedal down.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Hey, Ben, this is Greg. One of the things that we've seen through the additional layers of, I'll call it, customer service we've been able to give our customers is a more satisfied customer who seems to be shopping across more categories. Now, that being said, we have a little bit more favorable weather here as we kind of ended the quarter. And I would tell you that we've seen no slowdown in our C.U.E. business and the consumable side of our business that keeps driving it. As we add more and more product categories there and as Steve and the merchant team continue to break things out there, we're finding that we saw our transaction counts move back up, average size of our transactions holding even without, okay, having some of that big ticket tailwind that we'd like to see. So all these things are good, positive signs that our customers are still with us, still shopping with us, still choosing us over others, and we're encouraged as we go into the third quarter and the second half that will continue.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I think that's a question Steve and I will both answer. First of all, we don't talk in specific categories, but they buy across a broad base. There's no one specific category. We've done some things with some pre-shipping offers and minimum purchase offers that have played out very, very well for us in both the pet categories and some other categories. But I would tell you, it's not so much a transition as it is giving the option to our consumers. As I've said before, the Buy Online Pick Up in Store component is incredibly strong and it gives us great confidence that our customers still like shopping our stores. Yes, on some things, they will choose maybe to ship it direct, but I would tell you, it's a combination of both and it's giving them choice. That's what matters.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I have to get out my black in my eight ball and kind of turn it around and ask you that question, Brian. But I would tell you that we've always said a 3% to 5% in that range was where we would target, okay, as a comp, and probably high single, if you add new stores in total company. So our feeling about Q2, it was moving more toward the normal of where I would consider we need to be. If you take the extra day and put it back in, it's 2.8%, pretty close to 3%, so we're saying we're getting more back to that normal, what I would call between 3% to 5%.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, we tried several price tiers. We tried free, we tried $29 minimum and we tried $49 minimum. And let me assure you that our customer had really very little difference between $29 and $49, so we gravitated back to the $49 level, that seems to be working just fine and we're seeing growth. We're very selective on what we do on the free side, particularly if we can gear it more toward our own brands where there is a much richer margin and that's something that Steve and his team have been working through. But I think as you'll note, the mix of our business is still coming so heavily through Buy Online Pick Up in Store is a tremendous advantage for us. That continues to show you that because of our stores' proximity to where our customers live and the fact that they're probably on their way by our store, toward our store to do other shopping, they still choose to make that trip, and I don't believe that's going to change. So I think it's a combination of both that works. We don't always have to give free ship. We can do it with a respectable minimum and our customers seem to respond.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Great question, Dan. I think there's couple angles to that. One is that we continue to share today with our customer the benefits of our size and scale. And our pricing, generally on most of the products we have in our store are priced right every day, as you know, we're not a high-low retailer. The second thing is on the share basis, in certain categories of businesses where Steve and the team have really built a strong substantial base of our own brands, we continue to see more and more growth there. Those should over time continue to add to some margin improvement, but you talked about the sharing, we'll probably give some of that back, when we look at some of the things we'll be doing with probably the direct-to-customer side of the business. I seriously do not believe that that direct-to-customer business will ever outweigh the Buy Online Pick Up side of the business. I said this earlier in my remarks that ours is the store that our team members and our customers have this bond and this relationship where they like to come in our stores and shop. They like to talk to our team members for that seasoned advice. And so, we see that through when we turned on Buy Online Pick Up in Store. So we're going to share back with the consumer to make sure that they're getting a good value for their money. But I don't think that we have to go out and – we always use this terminology, do you own your customer or do you rent your customer. We like to own our customers through giving them great values, great service, being in stock and being available to them, whether we're close to them with a physical store or being available to them 24/7 online. That's how we believe we'll win.
Gregory A. Sandfort: This is Greg. What I can tell you, and I was also in stores quite a bit this quarter, particularly I was down in the Texas markets, and that consumer base, I think, feels and believes that the economy there is stabilizing, so their spend levels are starting to come back. I think in general our consumer is feeling as if business may be as normal for right now. I do believe that some of the first quarter issue could have been that the fact that we came out of an election and people were waiting just to see what was going to happen, if anything. And I think once we got through that cycle, second quarter needs surfaced and people came back out and shopped. So we don't see any big change in how our tender is coming through. I like the footsteps. I like the fact that we were able to maintain our business in big ticket. So I feel good that the consumer is feeling comfortable right now. Hopefully, nothing else in Washington can sway them the other direction.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Great question, Eric. And we are looking at a number of things. Not only polling our customers as to their expectations, but doing some testing here in the next 6 to 12 months with some delivery formats from store, from third party, from our own distribution hubs to understand if we make certain things available online, first of all, can we drive higher levels of volume and gain more share and, secondly, what would the cost be. So you're going to see us doing some testing over time. It's not complete yet, but we'll have a better picture in the next 6 to 7 to 12 months.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Okay. Thank you, operator. Great questions today. We thank all of you for your continued support of Tractor Supply and Petsense. And we look forward to speaking with you again regarding our third quarter financial results.
Steve K. Barbarick: Seth, this is Steve. I would tell you there's probably a handful of things, because we sit down and really analyze the business when we took a look at the forward-look here. And I would tell you that our Q2 sales trend give us a bit more confidence as we work our way into the year that things were starting to play out like we had intended originally. Greg mentioned that we're seeing a bit of an extended selling season on the spring product into July, which gives us a little bit of confidence. We've experienced a number of headwinds and we brought those up over the last 18 months and Greg addressed this in his initial comments, and we're certain to see a little bit of a moderation in some of those headwinds such as some of the oil impacted stores as well as deflation. And finally, I would go as far as to say that some of the initiatives that both Greg and Kurt spoke of, relative to the Neighbor's Club, Buy Online Pick Up in Store, and even some of the merchandising events that we've got plan for the back half, give us some degree of confidence that the things that we're doing are working. So that's why we kind of laid out what we did, that 2% to 3%.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, Matt, this is Steve. So we scaled Buy Online Pick Up in Store, I'll start there, across the entire chain. I think it was back in May. And those Buy Online Pick Up in Store sales represented just over 50% of our online business. And if you look at our direct-to-customer business, we continue to see very strong double-digit comps there as well. So when you tie the two together, we're feeling very good that our customer – we've always known that they've gone online for the content, and part of this One Tractor initiative is to make sure that we support them anytime, anywhere and anyway they want to work with us. Now, the store is really the epicenter of our transactional business. But this outside opportunity for customers to do the research and come online continues to grow. The unique customers coming to our site were up almost 29% from a year ago. And in addition to that, the store locator button that we have on the site was up almost 60% from a year ago. So we see the digital part of our business really enhancing the store experience. And so that's why I think we have some degree of confidence that our initiatives are paying off.
Steve K. Barbarick: Well, we've got some great feedback when we did it this spring, and while the business was very strong during that window of time, it really wasn't about a one-day type of initiative. It's really about working in communities that our stores are located and making sure those folks in and around those communities feel like Tractor is a hub for them. And the feedback we've got from our store operators, guys, it was fantastic, but let's take a look at this in the back half of the year as well so that they have more opportunities to sell more unique and different things. For example, a lot of the harvest products that they may bring in from their gardens. So we see this partly as an opportunity to bring new people to Tractor Supply, but at the same time, we see this as an opportunity to really be part of the community that we serve.
Steve K. Barbarick: And Peter, the only thing I would add to that – this is Steve – is that if you look at where we're at right now, Greg had mentioned a little bit of an extended selling season of spring product, we feel like we'll be in a really good position where we won't experience maybe deep markdowns. And we think that will benefit us here at least in the third quarter, as we go into Q4.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, this is Steve. I think Kurt mentioned that where we fell short really was in some of the seasonal spring businesses, because we saw some pretty good movement in categories, like Kurt mentioned, chicken coops and grills, generators and a few other categories. They were just offset. What we did also say is that we saw a bit of an extended selling season and Greg had mentioned in his opening remarks, I think it was outdoor power equipment, so some of that maybe just delayed.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, the only thing I would say is it's still a relatively small percent of our total revenue. I mean, this year, I believe between Buy Online Pick Up in Store and what we're going to do in direct sales, it's good to be between 1% and 2% of our total overall revenue. So it's still relatively small. It is a convenience for our customer and I think we've always had good traffic to our site and I think the investments that both Greg and Kurt talked about with IT are going to help us in the future. So your next question, I believe you ask is what are you going to do as your customer continues to evolve, and I will tell you there's a number of capabilities that, right now, we're working on or have actually put into play that's enhancing that experience. For example, we've got e-gift card, which we just rolled out, expanded offerings. We're working on enhanced search. By the end of the year, we should have subscription up and running, which I think will be a great offering to our customers. And whether they take advantage of that or not, we'll have to find out, but we believe that's a real benefit to them. And of course, stockyard and special orders, so there's a lot of things that I think we're doing to evolve with our customers' needs and that's of no surprise. So we've been working on this for years and I think right now, we're really getting a much better understanding of how to best accommodate those customers.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. And I would just say to add on to that a little bit, Christopher, that it was a slow ramp this last year. We did have a nice December. The team's working around other initiatives that we can put into place to offset some of that vulnerability, if you want to call it that, but a lot of the resets that we're working on and things within the store are really C.U.E. based and C.U.E. focused. So while that will always be a factor, we're trying to lessen the impact.
Steve K. Barbarick: The only thing I would add is that the business that we are doing online, a lot of that business are through products that we don't even carry within the four walls of the building. So they may be special order products that are larger sizes. It could be vendors that we've set up that ship direct to customer, dropship. So a lot of that business isn't necessarily business that you would find within the four walls, but it really has – it indexes pretty high in terms of categories we don't have within the four walls.
Steve K. Barbarick: Steve, this is Steve. Great questions. I was just travelling this last week up to Pennsylvania and had a chance to visit a lot of our stores and talk to some of our customers that are part of the program. And generally speaking, it's gone over very well. Now, if you look at our growth in this, we're still relatively immature. I mean, we haven't fully cycled year-over-year all stores scaled. So what I can tell you is, let me give you a few tidbits. Greg mentioned that those stores who have a higher index of transactions of members are performing at a higher rate on a comparable store basis. Another slice of data that I would give you is that I asked the team to go back and look at those customers that started with us and enrolled in October through December of 2015. So it was right when we started the program. And I asked what their purchase history looked like in the first half of 2016 versus the first half of 2017. And you can see an increase in transactions of those same existing customers within the box itself. So that leads us down a path that we can definitely tell that by working toward a reward and getting reminders, it is bringing people in more often. The last thing I would say is how do we feel about the offers that we're giving. The feedback so far has been – we've tried a variety of different things. We're still testing and learning here. But I can tell you that the opt out rate of people that are part of the program is incredibly tiny. So people still want to be engaged. They still want to be involved. And we still think that this is a big opportunity as we mature into this. We're collecting a lot of data. The next step for us is getting tools to mine it better and then to even personalize those messages more so than we're doing today.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. So what we do is we ask for phone and we ask for e-mail and then we give them a profile page if they'd like to fill it out and opt in there. So we've got some key data, and that data also, we also collect data if you're not a Neighbor's Club member through reverse of pen (49:07) and getting phone and ZIP capture there. So our attribution rate has continued to grow. And it allows us to really dig deep into what that customer's experience is. And we're also able to tie that back into their experience online and we'll have more information for you guys in the future on that.
Steve K. Barbarick: ...because one day in a quarter does represent a pretty big portion of the total. So while we did have a reported 2.2%, I believe there was about 60 basis points there and that would have driven up the transaction count higher than what you originally stated. Our C.U.E. business does continue to grow. And as – I think it was Greg mentioned in his remarks or Kurt, the animal and pet area continues to be a portion of that C.U.E. business that we saw that growth and so we recognized we're a dependable needs supplier and that continues to work well for us.
Steve K. Barbarick: Well, in first quarter, and again, if you go back and look at the months, January was a really tough month for us and a lot of that was weather related. And so, just year-over-year comparable was a very difficult this last year and it wasn't on the animal side of the business that we struggled, it was more on the seasonal side of the business.
Steve K. Barbarick: Michael, this is Steve. I don't know if I fully follow that train of thought, because most of the traffic that is driven in our stores is in smaller ticket products, as you can imagine, it's not in big ticket merchandise. While there is a benefit of going online and doing a lot of research, the majority of what we sell in big ticket is done within the four walls and not done online and I think most retailers would tell you that as well. So I don't know if it's necessarily a gap or anything. I think we continue to see growth, as Greg said, across the board on e-comm, including a lot of products we don't even sell in our stores but we get dropship.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. Peter, this is Steve. No, I'll start with the second question first. If anything, the margin impact is a plus, because people are coming in to pick it up rather than having it shipped to their place. So from that perspective, we don't see any negative impact overall on the margin side of things. On Buy Online Pick Up in Store, in general, I mean, our in stocks year-over-year are better than they were a year ago. We made some key investments in some of the categories that were under $20 that we felt would benefit us overall and we were able to do that with very little total inventory investment. As you heard Kurt say, I think we were over about 1% for the quarter. In terms of our concern about losing business, I actually think that this is probably benefiting us in the long haul. And so that's not an overall concern at this point.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. So this is Steve. I think relatively speaking, our promotional cadence was pretty similar. I think we did have an ad roll into the second quarter that we didn't have in Q1. But outside of that, there was nothing really material or substantial during the quarter that would have had any real impact. And as we look forward, we don't see any significant changes in what we intend to do either when it comes to promotion.
Steve K. Barbarick: Good question. So one of the benefits of having invested in a pricing tool years ago was it allows us to look at elasticity across all categories. And we really took advantage of that system during the quarter and looked at the four walls and looked at the different regions of the country. I mean, this wasn't a one stroke brush across the entire chain. So it was very scientific in what we did. The impact on elasticity, we didn't show a whole lot of negative impact as far as losing share and gaining rate. So based on some of the learning and the testing that we did, we rolled it out to more stores. And I think that's some of the lift that we experienced toward the back end of the quarter.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, I think that's what gives us a little bit more confidence in talking about the stabilization, as Kurt mentioned, toward the back half and not maybe what we experienced in Q1.
Steve K. Barbarick: And the only thing I would add to that, Scott, is that we have a list of opportunities in terms of margin improvement that we can take advantage of and I think about a third of our business was in exclusive brands or private brands and sales that we did in the second quarter. We still see more upside, more opportunity there. We've just recently added to our team in strategic sourcing and we believe that there's more opportunity to lower cost there. And then, finally, as we grow as an organization, my challenge back to the merchandising team is that we should be able to leverage our position, in a lot of cases with the branded folks out there today, to really be able to lower our overall costs. So there are a number of things I think we can do that could offset any of the potential headwinds that you mentioned.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, Scott, this is Steve. What I would tell you is that we look at pricing all the time, whether it be in brick-and-mortar competitors or what we're seeing online. And we've got categories of merchandise that we stand for that, quite frankly, we've got to make sure in those categories and in those items that we're very competitive. And so, we use our pricing tools and dynamic pricing to make sure that we're managing that accordingly. So what I would tell you is this, are we going to be the best price on 15,000 SKUs inside our box every single day against every single competitor online? Probably not. Where we're going to stand for something, we will be priced right.
Steve K. Barbarick: Chuck, first of all, this is Steve. I would tell you that the season has extended in a lot of the spring seasonal product. We feel that there is some momentum here that's building. But we also want to be reasonable in terms of what our comp guidance and future forecasts looks like. And so, over the course of the time I've been with Tractor, we've laid out plans and we've always worked hard to achieve those. And I think the work that Kurt and his team have done, as we look forward, is a reasonable comparable store sales target.
Steve K. Barbarick: Well, what I would say is that the spring seasonal business becomes less of a total part of our business as the quarter continues. September is a five-week fiscal quarter for us, and we certainly don't get a whole lot of spring seasonal business then. So while we've got a little bit of traction now, it's hard for us to gauge what August and September are going to look like.
Steve K. Barbarick: Again, this is Steve. I would tell you, I don't see a whole lot of change in brick-and-mortar. Our existing competitors, we try to keep an eye on that, and I haven't seen a whole lot there. I think online is always a different story and there's so many different categories that so many different people are in. We try to keep an eye on that, but that's ever-changing and it's incredibly dynamic. So I wouldn't want to make a standard blanket comment on that other than that it continues to change and we continue to keep an eye on it and make sure that we're doing what we need to do not to lose share.
Steve K. Barbarick: I apologize for that, David. Well, first of all, I would tell you that the box has really evolved over the course of the time that I've certainly been with it. And it's evolved over the last five to 10 years as well. And we've talked a lot about the C.U.E. business continuing to drive the overall transactions and traffic. We're going to continue to put the pedal down there. We believe there's more upside in what we're doing in a lot of the C.U.E. businesses. So in the back half, for example, we're going to go back and revisit our pet business. There's some sub-brands out there that we believe will continue to add growth. In feed, we know that there's more of a regional play that we can get into there. We're going to be looking at our oil and lubricant categories as they continue to grow. And over time, we're going to have to look at the totality of the box. Now, it will probably be the same size as it is today, but we're going to revisit the space allocation that we give to certain categories and as time change and as business change, there may be some categories that would be better off at special order and we can improve the level of productivity of the inventory and drive our overall turnover up. So right now, the team is working diligently on this and we'll probably have more to share on the next conference call.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, a lot of it is mix. We added a lot of different categories this past year and we saw the benefit of doing so.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. This is Steve. I think it's a good question. I mean we look at the business in a lot of different ways and we had some pretty significant benefits or tailwinds over the course of time and I'll use for example safes. I'll use log splitters which is a great business for Tractor because of the customer base that we serve, maybe less of an extent of snow blowers, just because it's a smaller part of our total business. But there are some seasonal impacts to a lot of the big ticket things that we talked about. We've done a lot of things to offset some of that. We brought in new lineup of trailers. We have modified what we've done in reset categories such as pressure washers and generators, and we've seen the benefit of those things and that's helped offset what have been actually a bit more pain for us. So at the end of the day, I don't know if it's a matter of losing share necessarily and it's just more of a matter of, quite frankly, some of the weather impacts that we've had and some of the tailwinds that we experienced for quite a window of time.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Seth (sic) [Simeon], this is Kurt. Couple of things in there as I mentioned on the gross margin side, there's a slightly less benefit in the back half than our original forecast was on the gross margin side. And then, on the expense side of it, there's the additional spend, as Greg mentioned, on the store payroll. We see a lot of strong feedback and benefit from great customer service in stores. So there's additional store investment on the back half as well. And then, you mentioned the third thing. The back half of the year has some strong compares in the 53rd week, as well as some of the cost savings and favorable benefit we got from certain insurance reserves, such as medical and workers' comp in the back half last year.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure. A couple of things on there, Seth (sic) [Simeon]. I'd say that the biggest factor on the gross margin side is that we do see freight headwinds persisting in the second half as we do in the first half. And then, the difference that we see on the gross margin side is that we do see some momentum from the gross margin improvement that we saw in second quarter and we anticipate that those trends will continue in the second half. And we see that those will be some of the tailwinds that we've got on it. The expense side are the things I just mentioned in the first part of your question.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Peter. A couple of things. What we saw in the second quarter that was different is we did see a momentum change in the first part of the second quarter all the way to the backend strength in some of our pricing initiatives as well as the exclusive brands. Our assumptions for the back half, we see opportunity and growth on the gross margin with additional exclusive brand products and growth there, as well as continuing on the pricing side the momentum that we saw in the second quarter.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure. Peter, first on the CapEx, the most significant difference is the Northeast distribution center capital spend that was in the original plan. There was a decrease and that's the most significant factor on the CapEx and it's a timing issue. The timing of the spend has shifted out of 2017 into 2018. Most of the other parts of the spend are relatively consistent, maybe a slight reduction on new stores and slight reduction on IT. As far as the capital spend side, we look at the back half as operating cash flow fairly consistent with last year and I would anticipate our debt to be in the $500 million to $550 million range by the end of the year, and that's pretty consistent in line with our targets of a 2.0 leverage ratio.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah. Christopher, this is Kurt, I'll start and I'll just say that our assumptions baked into our revised guidance for the back half assumes more normalized weather there. I'll just start with that, in that, last year, we had a slow start to the fall winter season and sluggish September as well as October, November, we're soft, and then, as you referred to the December. We see a more normalized year between Q3 and Q4 as the main factor that we baked into our guidance.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure. Christopher, it's Kurt. First, on the new stores, as I mentioned, we're excited about new store productivity. Our new stores are continuing to be part of our growth strategy, in that, they're driving the comp sales as well as the bottom line profit. Our new stores typically are profitable in year one. So yes, we see in 2018 and beyond where our targets of approximately 100 stores, it's a good fit for our internal resource structure. We can grow those 100 stores with a lot of the existing support and good opportunity for Tractor Supply out there. Other investments, we anticipate our capital spend would be somewhat consistent in the near future years to what you're seeing in 2017. And I would say yes, the investments on the technology side, logistic supply chain to drive and support our key initiatives, we're expecting those in the near term as well. But we'll be cycling that type of level as that investment is baked into the operating margin today. But yes, we've got years where we're going to continue to drive support on the digital and the logistics side.
Kurt D. Barton: Michael (sic) [Brian], this is Kurt. I mean a couple of things and we've talked about these, but we've not seen the return of the tailwinds on the inflation. So at this point, as I mentioned, the back half of 2017 we anticipate continued deflation. Those years where you saw the benefit of the inflation, we don't have those yet and we don't have signs that those return in 2018 at this point. The oil markets have stabilized, moderated a bit, and so that's a positive in regards to how Texas, Oklahoma, are performing. But we're not at a point where those type of conditions are tailwinds for us. So those would be some things that we certainly would be looking for to get to a higher comp rate.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Scott, this is Kurt. I would start with saying that we don't get too far into beyond the current year, maybe a little bit the near term. I would tell you that for the near term that we would expect the investments that we referred to as on the expense side, to have some of those continue to exist. On the gross margin side of the product, we continue to balance the different levers that we've got on rate, mix and driving market share. So I'd say the short-term, there's pretty much consistency between 2017 and, say, 2018. Beyond that, I think it's too far out reaching to try to give additional guidance at this point.
Kurt D. Barton: Dan, this is Kurt. I would tell you that some of the investments that we talked about in 2017 that will exist in 2018. Near term, operating margin may be more flat and you're close on, if we're reaching out and looking ahead, it would be at least 2019 perhaps to start to see some operating margin growth. But even that far out, it's hard to – and don't want to try to give any sort of guidance beyond that.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Adam, this is Kurt. First, let me – I'll address the depreciation question. Depreciation grew in the first half about 19%. And as we look ahead, I think the key thing is there's a distinct difference in regards to cycling or not cycling yet Petsense. So you've got growth in that number in Petsense included this year and not. And when you factor that out, the gap is a little bit different. We're estimating about a 16%, 17% growth rate in depreciation for the year, and we'll start to cycle Petsense in the fourth quarter. And so, the second half of the year will have a little bit more investment that half last year than the first half. So the compares are a little bit closer. So you'll probably be at about a 15% to 16% depreciation growth rate in the second half of the year. Biggest difference in the comparables is really the Petsense with, yes, some additional investment in our strategic initiatives. But the size of that, the gap, is not an indicator of the impact of the initiatives that we're talking about. They're driving 200 or 300 basis points maybe in growth rate of depreciation in the year. And we'll see the growth rate next year probably in the high single-digit range, a little bit ahead of the sales growth rate, but we'll continue to manage the levers that we've got to address the spend in there and keep the growth rate as close in line to the sales growth as possible.
Kurt D. Barton: Stephen, this is Kurt. I just want to reiterate, we did not emphasize a seasonal shift from first quarter to second quarter. We indicated at the end of first quarter that we certainly saw softness in demand in the seasonal product, and there was about $15 million of variance perhaps in March year-over-year. We did not see enough indication in regards to timing that we were indicating in anything that there was a seasonal shift. I would say the only shift might be the timing of Easter, and what we expected from pre-Easter in prior year first quarter to second quarter shifted pretty consistently, but that was in our plan.
Kurt D. Barton: No. At this moment, it wouldn't be accurate for me to get into that. I mean, until we get through the entire season, we won't really have a good read on it.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah. Sure. When we baked in assumptions and looked at the first half and created the guidance for the year adjustments on our guidance, as we mentioned, top-line comp sales fairly consistent. There is some reduced new store sales due to the timing of the opening of new stores. But when you see on the expense side, a couple key things in regards to the back half. We certainly benefit from expense reduction and some favorable items last year. Do factor in the 53rd week as I mentioned. And we have more cautiousness in the revised guidance on gross margin rate versus the 20-basis-point to 30-basis-point improvement in the original guidance. There are – additionally on the tax rate, I've mentioned in my prepared remarks that the tax rate has increased 50 basis points. I do want to point that out that we do not expect to get the 50-basis-point benefit that we had in the original plan, due to the lack of stock option activity. So when you factor those results in as well as the trends on SG&A in the first half, I think you can get more to the 80-basis-point to 100-basis-point deleverage on SG&A in the back half for the year.
Kurt D. Barton: Eric, if I could ask you to repeat that. It was fading out and I did not get much of the question. This is Kurt.
Kurt D. Barton: Okay. Sure, this is Kurt. I would just tell you without a lot of specifics, while the first half missed on both the top-line and bottom line, most of that was in the first quarter, but I would also say that second quarter, the top-line sales results while good, there was also both top and bottom line slight miss on the second quarter as well. And then, I do want to remind you with the – there are non-comp new store selling weeks that were baked into our original guidance that we had to adjust based on timing of new stores.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Joe, this is Kurt. First, we can walk you through the adjustments from our original plan. I would tell you that the key factors, again, are the gross margin rate is softer than the original plan while a slight benefit. On the expense side, yes, we are going to invest on the second half additional payroll. The incentive comp is a strong headwind to go up against. We called it out last year that incentive comp was a benefit, and then, after that, it's just some of the other expense management that we had. Those are the items that differ between the original 60 basis points to 80 basis points deleverage on SG&A to more of an 80 basis points to 100 basis points.
