Greg Sandfort: Thank you, Jennifer. Good afternoon, everyone. I’m here today with Jim Wright, our Chairman and CEO; and Tony Crudele, our CFO. We are pleased with our fourth quarter performance, which caps off another strong year for Tractor Supply Company. Our team continued to execute well in what remains a challenging environment for customers and retailers. In the fourth quarter, we experienced another period of strong broad-based performance across the store and achieved double-digit increases in both sales and profitability on top of record results a year ago. This mix of broad-based sales growth across the store continues to mitigate our dependence on weather related merchandise. The momentum in our business is a reflection of the structural improvements we have made in recent years. Not only have we increased our focus on consumable, usable, edible key merchandise, which has proven to be a successful strategy in meeting the needs and creating loyalty with our customers, but we have also made great strides in our inventory management to better merchandise allocation and expanded regionalization. These sustainable improvements have enabled us to ensure we have the right products in the right places at the right time. As we continue to learn more about our customers each day, we are working diligently to further refine our product offerings, our marketing initiatives and the in-store shopping experience. Now, let me provide a little more detail on our performance during the fourth quarter. Our strong topline sales results were reflective of consumers continued support of our unique merchandise mix, which enables us to meet their needs across multiple categories at a compelling everyday value. As we had anticipated, weather was warmer than last year in the quarter and we planned accordingly. We were nimble and adjusted our merchandise mix to take advantage of the weather trends. Our proactive planning approach to merchandise allocation and regionalization enabled us to deliver higher year-over-year results for the quarter. During the fourth quarter, our CUE categories remained key sales and traffic drivers. Our feed and food customers shop our stores more frequently and contributed to our 15th consecutive quarter of comp transaction count increases. And despite the inflationary environment, we continue to provide compelling values to our customers while effectively managing merchandise margin. We were once again capable of improving gross margin dollars per unit in most CUE categories while increasing market share. We also achieved strong sales performance in a hard lines areas, which include tools, hardware, truck and automotive. Our strategy of balancing our product selection between national brands and increased private brand mix across multiple categories contributed to improved performance for the entire category. From an inventory perspective, our rigor has enabled us to manage flow more productively. As a result, we continue to execute better than ever. While we did decide to move forward spring deliveries for several of our southern regions to accelerate sales, we were pleased with their year end inventory position and we continued our successful management, the seasonal carryover and minimized forward business risk into the next season. Operationally, we continue to make great strides in the areas of inventory management, price optimization and merchandise allocation, and regionalization. These collectively have driven meaningful sustainable improvements in our business. Our fourth quarter and 2011 results further validate that we continue to gain traction from our strategic initiatives and as we look to 2012, we have never been more excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. I’d now like to turn the call over to Tony to review our financial results for the quarter and discuss our outlook after which Jim will share some closing comments.
Greg Sandfort: First of all, we choose Revionics and we are convinced they were the right choice for us. Remember, price op is one of the four drivers of the gross margin equation that we talked about. We are about a third of the way to the company SKUs right now and we have all buyers participating at some level within the program. It is a very iterative process and it’s an ongoing learning. You make a change in one category to one sort of SKUs. It has an impact on other things round it. So what I would tell you is, we are learning as we go. We are encouraged with the learnings. There are three phases to price op. There is the regular price optimization, there is a promotional phase and there is a clearance phase. Today, we are really only in the regular price phase. Still doing some, what I would call rudimentary clearance priced op. And I’ll remind you that we talked about price op as more back weighted over a few years, because even though you may make some changes today and gain some movement in margin rate, that changes as you touch other things in the store and the dynamics of the business as they are, its not something that you can touch and forget. So, very pleased, really still very early in the game.Vincent Sinisi – Bank of America: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks very much, Greg.
Greg Sandfort: We saw several hundred basis point improvement over the prior year, I had mentioned on an earlier conference call that we would see that movement this fall and we did as such. Mostly on the left hand side of the store as you walk into our store, which is where we place that focus and very pleased with both the heating and within the tool, and equipment categories where we expanded those private brands.Peter Benedict – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. Nice job.
Greg Sandfort: Well, the first thing we look at is product category extension. We know who our customer is. We also know the products that they have interest in. So we’re not going to go out and create a category that you may find in a all-priced discount operation or in a big box that doesn’t fit the customer profile. But what we have done in some categories, for example, in garden, we have taken a position to look at more live product as we move forward into 2012. And in our feed business one of the things we’ve talked about and are executing against now is the expansion of forage. So that’s the things you’re going to see us do. I’ve said a couple times, there’re many things we could sell in our store, but we’re going to stay true to who our customer is and service them.
Greg Sandfort: Right. Generally you would look at the 110 basis points relative to Q4. It would have a greater -- a slightly greater impact on Q1 in 2012. So you can sort of work through that math but it should be in that 125 to 135 basis point range. Then relative to the quarters and the year-over-year, the weakest comp last year was in Q2. And so, generally you would translate that into -- having the best potential increase. However, as I had indicated in the prepared remarks, we anticipate doing some advertising marketing that would push some sales of Q2 into Q1. So that would -- that could be one of our tougher comparisons. The overall, when you look at the halves, you have -- the second half has a little bit stronger comp that we’ll be going up against. So, now as you look at Q1, Q1 will have some inflation. So, again, that will drive some of the topline growth as well as having that additional week, a stronger sales week in the spring selling season compared to the one that dropped out of Q1. So those are some of the factors, lot of moving parts and hopefully that gives you a flavor for trying to allocate between the haves and some direction for the quarters as well.
Greg Sandfort: We’d like to look at the comp growth for each quarter be relatively consistent within that 3 to 5 range.
Greg Sandfort: Sure. If you look at mix -- mix can be a good portion of the decline in the tickets. I haven’t allocated the portion proportionately. But that clearly is the largest offset when it comes to offsetting the big ticket piece and then the inflation. So, we also had an increase in units per transaction. So, if you look at those three, those three are the key increases, inflation probably being 80% to 90% of the increase and then mix being really the largest and almost singularly the offset to the increase in ticket.
Greg Sandfort: Yeah. We have not quantified that for anyone because it’s difficult to do some of the allocations of the key expenses. We have -- do have a general breakout but my preference is not to disclose the details.
Greg Sandfort: Well, one of the key things that we talked about was our improvement in allocation of the inventory and we’re trying to -- we’ve really held the inventory as long as we could and either at the manufacturer or in distribution centers to push it up the right time, so we could take advantage of the sales as they develop. We did down the fourth quarter, the inventory today as far as heavyweight and cold weather is sitting in the right stores and we are starting to see some benefit from that, even though the winter weather has come a bit later. So we’re very pleased with how we came out of this season and we did a far better job of targeting the right stores with that mix. And again when we looked at our overall inventory levels, as we ended the year, the 2% per store was really -- when you look at it, there’s the inflation built into that there’s new DC startup built into that and then there’s the shift forward of some products into the southern region. So if you run the numbers net to net. And we’re actually, slightly behind or down in inventory per store. So very pleased with how we managed, they give a team a lot of credit in the merchant groups they did a fine job this fall. Brad Thomas – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Great. Thanks very much. 
Greg Sandfort: But we’re always experimenting with the interior of the store. We have multiple tests that are out there, but we made a decision to rework the footwear assortments and we spent the last year actually studying what we have done and looking at the competitive nature of the business. And yeah, we will be looking at a reset as we get into the latter part of the first and second quarter. We’re very excited about it. We believe that we’ve done the right homework. We believe we’ve got the assortments much more pointed by region. This is a very regionalized approach. We’ll wait and see, we’ll be able to talk more about it as we go through the reset.
Greg Sandfort: Well, I won’t give you an exact number, but I can tell you that we plan to increase the penetration of those stores. It really depends, Adam, on availability. And so I would tell you that a substantial increase this year over last year is probably the answer I’ll give you. 
Greg Sandfort: I’ll talk a little bit about the platform side. We’re going to stay with Webster, but we’re going to upgrade to the Webster 7. And that particular platform gives us the ability to institute special order drop shift and many other functionalities that we believe we will need as we build this business out. We have added some talent. We just recently hired our VP. He is a seasoned person, understands the space, was an ex-merchant. So I’m thrilled with that. And the fact that we’re going to be making some other additions to the team this year, we’re not going to see a dramatic move in sales in that this year, because there is a lot of platform work that has to be accomplished first. But we’re positioning ourselves, we’re getting ourselves in the right technologies and that, so that as we start to add assortment and that expand into the, what we call the (inaudible) scenario, which we talked about before, we can service it now. The other aspect is our ability to be able to replenish and fulfill from our own facility. And that’s something we’re going to transition to over time as well. So timeline is going to be the next 18 months to two years. 
Greg Sandfort: Simeon this is a very regional business that has to be literally bought and sourced locally. So you can imagine we have a full-time buyer now for this category. He is on the road most of the time. And he is contracting with the local growers to provide us hay and other forage products. From a margin standpoint, it’s similar to the rest of the feed business but what it’s done for us, is it’s now -- we’re now holistic in our approach. We’ve got the branded feed mixes. We’ve got the base feed mixes. We’ve got our own mixes of feed as the middle tier. We now have forage and we have all the other components. So we have now become a destination. There’s no reason for someone who lives this lifestyle to have to make several trips. We can fulfill all their needs inside our store now. I mentioned earlier that we had 150 stores up and running by the end of this year. We plan to increase that number substantially, but it will all depend upon to be honest, our ability to source it locally and it will be a growing business over the next probably two to three to four to maybe even five years. You can imagine when you’re in a drought situation like in Texas, they are just not growing hay. So that presents another challenge we have to bring it in from other regions, but we’re very excited about it. Very excited about it.
Greg Sandfort: Well, my only comment about the private brand expansion is when the customer continues to give us the green light to take it further we’ll take it further. I do not believe in the strategy of build up and they will come because that’s dangerous when it comes to private brand. You can’t anticipate and force the customer to buy something that they’re not interested in. However, that being said we had nice improvement this fall and we’ve been talking about that improvement and it did execute. I won’t give you a specific number, we’ve said around 25, but I think the number is going to be larger over time. And, yeah, we have seen acceleration in that part of the business. I had mentioned that most of last year we were working to build new capability with our private brand side of the business here with not only the sourcing piece, but also the product development piece. And we’re starting to see very solid traction there and, again, a very exciting piece of the business that will drive our sales.
Greg Sandfort: Well, I think I can generally speak to the weather side of it. We anticipated a warmer fourth quarter. We also anticipated that the first quarter would probably not be as cold as it was a year ago, so we bought accordingly. We ran our inventories accordingly and I would say that we’re pleased with what we’re seeing so far. It somewhat played out the way we had expected.
Jim Wright: Great. Thanks, Tony. Good afternoon, everyone. Today Tractor Supply is agile and able to respond to regional and seasonal opportunities, and are planning our execution frankly the best in our history. While we are pleased with the progress over last few years, we really believe that we have not arrived and we remain excited about our lean initiatives and other opportunities that lie ahead. In 2012, we’ll continue to focus rigorously on our long-term strategic objectives. The structural improvements that we’ve made to our business in recent years are taking hold and we believe that we are only in the early stages of realizing the benefits. While we will continually test and refine the assortments, our marketing programs and the in-store shopping experience. I believe -- we believe that we have a foundation in place to maintain momentum through 2012 and beyond. As we embark, our another exciting year for Tractor Supply, I’d like to speak briefly to our retail environment. Consumers continue to look for compelling value and purchases are being driven by need and taking place closer to need. What has changed, however, is our ability as a company to anticipate our customer’s needs and react more quickly to those needs. This was demonstrated by our fourth quarter performance and the results we achieved throughout 2011 as we overcame severe drought in Q2 and Q3 and a mild Q4. Looking ahead to the upcoming spring selling season, we remain confident that we have the right plans in place to drive results and to build our brand. We are expanding a number of assortments and continue to test and refine our product mix. For instant, we will be expanding our live goods test in the spring. We also remain focused on private label brands to create additional value for our customers and foster even stronger customer loyalty. We are gaining traction as we added generic brands and introduce private brands to replace them. Now, let me briefly review some of the additional merchandising and marketing initiatives. We continue to refine the in-store experience to exceed our customer’s expectations. In this regard, we are again pleased that our customer loyalty scores improved in 2011. At the same time, we continue to roll out our price optimization and learn from our customer’s response. Now we also continue to mine data from our CRM and direct mail programs that allows us to further refine our marketing strategies to deliver greater efficiencies from our marketing spend. As we reflect upon 2011, we are proud of our achievements but we are by no means complacent and we remain relentlessly dissatisfied, and believe that we have considerable opportunity ahead to increase customer spend and to attract new customers to Tractor Supply. We continue to improve our ability to meet our customer’s needs across multiple categories and garner both high frequency and higher customer loyalty. We’ll continue to expand our footprint in key regions and remain focused on collaborative consistent execution across the board. Our balance sheet is strong allowing us to reinvest in key initiatives to grow the business. We are more agile organization than ever before and we look forward to building on the momentum through 2012 and in the years ahead. I’d like to thank all of our Tractor Supply team members. They’re ongoing dedication, hard work and commitment to our company. Additionally, I’d like to thank all of our shareholders for investment in Tractor Supply and I’m going to support in our collective journey. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks and would now like to open the call for questions.
Jim Wright: Sure, Alan. This was welding gas. We are talking about oxygen or sertraline and argon gas that sold to a very, very heavy do-it-yourself or small professional shop. It was a category we began to enter probably five or six years ago and based on early results, we felt that it had legs and continue to rollout across the chain. We now have come to understand that there is a limited demand for this product and frankly, we’ve not enjoyed the level of category growth that we expect from that investment. So as a result, we have rationalized -- we will be rationalizing that category and about half the stores maybe little more keeping it in those stores where it’s most productive.
Jim Wright: Because the small stores, we are pleased we have 25 of them, 28 actually now -- that are now open and we are really delighted with their sales relative to pro from and also every return metric that we measure our businesses by. So we are delighted with the small store. We do plan to include them in our opening mix moving forward. This next year it will be somewhere between 12 -- 10 to 12 stores. They are of the smaller markets are planned. So, I believe we’ve mentioned before it’s important to began thinking about our growth more on a square footage as opposed to unit growth. So historically they’ve been growing at 8% units, which I mean square footage. We now be -- may be driving more 9% units and still coming up at 8% square footage growth. And we’ll be talking in great detail at the Analyst Day about the small market concept and opportunity going forward.
Jim Wright: Sure, I think the one point that needs to be emphasized is the 53 week. Obviously, we’ve given guidance that represented about $0.09 from an impact overall to the SG&A, we estimate that it’s probably in the 15 basis point range. So, that attributes to some of your logic relative to adding back some of the adjustments that were recorded in Q4. So, I think if you look at -- if you normalize for the 53 week year and then handle the adjustments as you see it. What’s interesting as well is that in each year we are run up against some type of potential adjustment that may not be in our model. It could be something as simple as e-commerce or something like the welding gas. But there’s always going to be various things. Some of them aren’t overly material and then there are some that aggregate up to more material numbers. So I wouldn’t necessarily discount that and just have it additive to your 2012 numbers but again I leave that up to your modeling.
Jim Wright: Sure. Well, let me address that. First of all we calibrate we talked about 200 basis points of initial margin and then at the other end of that we talked about improving EBIT margin at a rate of 20 basis points or so per year. And the stuff in the middle is obviously the landing margin. To-date our landing margin is being impacted by two things. One, the mix of C.U.E. items which we are delighted with because that drives loyalty and traffic, but it does kind of lower margin rate, it’s dilutive to margin rate. And that’s obviously the impact of freight, which is deluded as to the dilution of initial margin down to landed margin. So, I think, as we look forward, we’re certainly committed to improving our EBIT margin rate. But I think we realize now that what we’re really after is EPS. And I think EPS in time may purvey to be driven as much by gross margin dollar growth as opposed to gross margin rate growth. So, we’re not -- I’m not restating what we had year or so ago. But I think that we’ve seen some new variables introduced that are frankly quite positive for us and we remain comfortable that we’ll continue to be able to drive EPS. 
Jim Wright: Okay. I believe that finishes everyone in the queue. I want to thank you for your time today and thank you you’ve been on trip for us -- with us and for your support. And we look forward to talking to you at the end of Q1 in about 90 days. Thank you.
Tony Crudele: Great. Yeah. Alan, this is Tony. We have had some improvement in our pre-opening process and it has been a focus to reduce the days. It has not -- it hasn’t been a significant impact but I would agree that 2011 should be consistent with our pre-opening expenses as we move forward.
Tony Crudele: I’ll address the expense side and then Jim and Gregg can talk about our small market concept. But there is really just two elements when it comes to pre-opening and that’s the payroll it takes to open the store and the rent expense that’s related to that period before we open the store. So, it could have a small impact as the rents will be a little bit reduced for the smaller market, but it’s not going to have a significant impact. It’s really, so the time to open and the payroll that’s incurred that drives the pre-opening expense.
Tony Crudele: It might be slightly lower but the general guidance that we’ve given is that you look at it as an average week because sales are a little bit lighter but there’s less expense structure. So, you could probably back into it that way. Again, $0.09 is our best estimate based on just trying to sort of assemble that that particular model and then trying to allocate a certain amount of rent expense to that particular week as well. So it is a couple of again moving parts when it comes to assessing that particular week from an SG&A standpoint. So, I’d rather not disclose any details around that.
Tony Crudele: Sure, it’s really in the Q items of -- not only -- they run just slightly below chain average and with a significant increase that we’ve had throughout the year, but as well as specifically in Q4. Those are the items that are driving that mix variants. They’re also obviously the items that drive sort of that freight intensive category that we talk about that also causes a mix headwind when it comes to freight.
Tony Crudele: Just looking at the performance, in the first half, with a calendar shift, we drop off a lesser week. So there’s a lesser sales week. So that is a trigger. We’re cycling with some of the inflation we’ll assist in some of the comps. But what’s interesting is that if you look at year-over-year and depending on how you factor that additional week, we would expect higher growth in the first half if you look at the second half as comparing against that -- the 53rd week. If you back out the 53rd week out of the second half of the year, then you’ll have a slight increase in the second half of the year. So, directionally I was just trying to sort of give you some flavor as to the background and to try to -- to be able to try to allocate between the halves. I think the easiest way to look at is that if you look at the full year we earned about the same in the first half as we do the second half.
Tony Crudele: Yeah. Adam, at this time we’re not giving any detail background on the share repurchase. Obviously, it is dependent on the market vagrancies. And so we have some estimates and we actually have generally some ranges and therefore we just wanted to try to provide guidance because looking at the various models we see that that share count based on everybody’s projected net income need to be in a lot of -- in a fairly wide range. So we’re trying to help narrow that down for you all. 
Tony Crudele: Correct. As you see relative to the leap year we still have 13 weeks in each quarter, it’s the same number of days so you wind up using a day that you never get back in 2012. 
Tony Crudele: And so Matt, relative to the P&L impact, we don’t see a significant impact from any additional cost related to this initiative. And we expect that pretty much that the run rate we’re currently at relative to the e-commerce impact on the P&L will be consistent year-over-year. Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Congrats on a great year and good luck.
Tony Crudele: It’s really a combination. When we look at fuel, we anticipate cycling fuel more of the significant rise in sort of the May timeframe. So again, as we look forward, we were really looking at -- we have static view saying, where’s the fuel cost today relative to where it spiked up during the year. So we look forward at fuel sort of in the May timeframe where we really start to cycle there, so we potentially could have some relief if the prices stay at this level. The mix, when it comes to C.U.E., we just continue to drive significant increases in those categories. And therefore, it’s a little bit more difficult to predict as we move into 2012. But, again, bottom line, we would enjoy the continued transaction count increase that we get from the C.U.E. items and absorb that -- the impact that we take on the freight line.
Tony Crudele: When it comes to Q1, what’s interesting is that generally March is as impactful as both January and February. So the key to the first quarter will be the spring selling season that we incur and that we look forward to in March. So it’s very difficult to predict. Obviously, as a standard, we like to have a very cold January and February and really spring like conditions as soon as we hit March. So, again, with the shift in the Q1 with the one week and having a stronger sales week at the end of the quarter potentially could bode well for us in that quarter. 
