Gregory A. Sandfort: Alan, this is Greg. The system itself is designed to do really several things. It’s to help us understand that we’re probably not maximizing, I would say, individual SKUs within the assortment as they sell-through in the stores. For example, if we got an item on a peg and we’re selling through three items by Wednesday or Thursday of the week but yet we still have Friday and Saturday of selling days before replenishment runs and pushes inventory back to the store, demand planning is looking at that and recalculating that throughout the week and saying, wait a minute, potential missed opportunity, let’s push more than three as a replenishment, let’s push for six depending upon how it’s pretty packed. That’s the basic sales side of this and what that can mean we don’t know yet. We just turned on several categories. We do think it will give us some sales lift over time. But this is a new system, work with [SaaS] [ph] on it.  And the other thing it should do for us, it should enable us to push more inventory to the stores on a more ready-time basis, meaning that instead of us waiting for several weeks for things to get adjusted, this will start pushing inventory a little faster which should move it through the supply chain a little faster. So what we may find is our turns may speed a little bit as we go through this, but I’m not going to give you any forecast or guarantees at this point because we’ve just turned it on in several departments. We like what we’re seeing so far, but it’s more about maximizing that inventory that’s in the store today making sure that we’re not running out of inventory in certain periods of time for our customer.
Gregory A. Sandfort: But to answer your question, as I said in the prepared remarks, we believe that there is potential and we’re optimistic as to consumer behavior and the additional funds available because of lower gas cost for our consumer, but again we’re a basic needs company and less susceptible to the sort of discretionary expense.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Peter, I would tell you that this last year was a good year in big ticket for us [indiscernible] but I don’t think anyone here is ready to declare victory when it comes to big ticket. We’re watching the POS data very closely and we’re making tweaks to replenishment if we see any changes in consumers spending patterns. But right now I think we’ve got a good plan laid out and we’re just watching the trend line. So, again, we’re being cautiously optimistic when it comes to big ticket.
Gregory A. Sandfort: John, it’s Greg. The only thing I can tell you is when I’m having to move freight to those stores in the far west over 1,000 miles, you can imagine the savings when I can say I can now get it within a 300 mile radius. We’ve got some numbers that we’ve run against it and I’m not going to share the specifics yet because that building really won’t come online until late next year. We’re only going to see the benefit in '16, but it will be considerable, yes.
Gregory A. Sandfort: We learned over the course of our careers in retail that trying to guess the weather you’re never right. So you’re always better going into a season with your carts loaded and your assortments out there for customers to see, because if you miss that first window, a lot of times you don’t get that customer back. So we’ve made some strategic inventory investments no different than we did in the fall. You heard Tony talk a little bit about that. So many of our outside products whether it be the fencing category, something we’re doing with the outdoor power equipment, a little more careful with live goods because you got to be careful with the weather there. But we’ll be ready for the season should we get an earlier season than we had the one last two years. We do plan for a normal spring. I will mention that as well. And a normal spring typically comes earlier than what we’ve seen in the last two years.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I think this is a year where we’ll continue to see a balanced approach throughout the country. I think we really like the west and we like the performance, but I think this year we went across a number of stores, probably a third, a third, a third if you look at it west center and east, so I don’t feel it will be anything different this year.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yes, simply put that’s where we have the largest concentration of our feed business and highest velocity of that business, so there’s no better place to test it than there.
Gregory A. Sandfort: This is Greg. Let me give you a little bit of some insights about how this really works. Demand planning is being layered on top of our replenishment system. So it’s going to make that system work a little harder, a little smarter. And we tested it initially, had good results, but this is no different than when we turned on Revionics and pricing optimization. You want to make sure that as you start to layer these systems on, they’re doing what you expect and each category will act a little differently; different in hardware than it will probably be over in, let’s say, pet toys and things of that nature. So, we’re going to be very careful that we don’t jump the gun on this and make sure that we know the type of results we expect to get. So, it’s going to be a [indiscernible]. It’s probably going to be sometime in '16, maybe over '16 before it’s complete.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, I think you can easily understand that some of the very, very large ticket items can be challenging because they have to go LTL delivery, they can’t be pulled out of a distribution center as easily and dropped into a box and shipped to the customer. So things like apparel, footwear, things that are smaller in size are easier picks for us, but it’s interesting though. We have had a nice LTL business. It’s a safe business in some other large categories. So for us you have to think about why the customer would chose to shop online versus coming to the store and it’s primarily they have the time to be able to take the receipt of the product. They don’t have an urgent need to have it today. Many of our customers come in and I need it now. So online would not serve that. But they’re looking at it from a standpoint of convenience and ease of shopping with us and that’s what we’re going to look at our business as more of an omni-channel business today where we’re trying to give the customer the ability to shop with us anytime, anyplace, anywhere.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I would say less for C.U.E. probably and more for the other things that are more unique; it could be a tractor part, it could be a pair of shoes and it could be something that they see in seasonal. But I think for the heavy, heavy high velocity, C.U.E. items at this point it doesn’t seem to be that desirable for the customer just yet.
Gregory A. Sandfort: When the D.C. and the Southwest opens, it will be servicing less than 100 stores initially. And as far as new planograms sets and such, I’ll let Steve take that one.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Sure. Matt, on deflation, again, you hit the nail on the head. It was really the corn prices and the feed. They tend to cycle through a little bit quicker. As much as we did have the benefit on the oil and steel, they take awhile for that to sort of cycle through. So really the corn was the main driver.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Again, to start off the season we expect a tick up in the deflation more related to the corn prices and cycling against last year. The oil and steel, a little bit more of a wildcard. As we move through the year, we will have a much better feel for that and how those prices adjust and how that can flow through our inventory comps.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I think here some factors are different, a lot more stores in the west. There’s other conditions with just the availability of equipment and drivers. Now those things didn’t happen back in 2009. So we talked to the trucking industry people, they’ll give you some – a little bit of education on what is really different today versus back then.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Relative to the merchandize mix headwind, it should moderate relative to 2014 and sort of similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter. It was a little bit more limited relative to what had transpired in the first three quarters of the year. So we expect it to moderate but we still anticipate it to be a headwind.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Joe, this is Greg. Mixing centers as we have scoped them and this is an initial pass, probably 20 to 30 across the country. Again, placing these where we have a high – a large animal count and where we do a tremendous amount of, let’s say, feed type business. There are some that we’ll place in the Northeast because of the wood pellet business and things of that nature. But remember, these are going to be used to push full palletized, high velocity product to the stores much faster in a way from putting it away in a normal distribution center and pulling it back. So it’s going to really bring the stem mile usage way down on some of that kind of product.
Gregory A. Sandfort: It’s a little bit of a drag because there’s some SG&A you got to put into place initially and there is a benefit on the other side where the stem miles are cut and the turnaround time of holding an inventory is going to be sustainably less. So if I can push inventory to a store four times a week versus having to do it in large quantities once a week or once every two weeks, there’s a lot of benefit to that.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Thank you, operator. Thank you all for your interest and support of our Tractor Supply Company and we look forward to speaking to you again in April as we will then review our first quarter performance.
Anthony F. Crudele: Alan, the way we look at it, as we go through the year, we’ll try to update as to the schedule and how we’ll handle the Del’s stores. But generally, we look at it more on a top level basis that as we opened the new stores that Del’s stores would represent about half of a TSC store and our general direction would be to count them basically as half a store net against the new store count.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes. We’re modeling it as such. Potentially, it could be a little bit faster because we do have name recognition. So they may come out of the box a little bit stronger. But until we start to open them, we don’t have any data on how they will open.
Anthony F. Crudele: Michael, this is Tony. When we look at the EBIT and our overall guidance, obviously over the years there will be some ebb and flow relative to our long-term targets. However, when we look at the numbers, we believe that our initiatives will continue to drive the gross margin improvement. We do anticipate obviously that headwind when it comes to freight and transportation costs as we’ve opened up all the stores out west, so that does provide an additional headwind. And then relative to SG&A, we think that there is some more potential upside as depending on where we fall on the sales target. But as we have that incremental deflation that’s in our forecast, that sort of dampens the sales forecast, so that limits some of the upside when it comes to the potential SG&A leverage. And then lastly, as we open up the Southwest distribution center in the latter part of the year, we don’t anticipate having benefits from that until we move into 2016. So that’s just a snapshot of the year.
Anthony F. Crudele: It all depends how you define the investment. A lot of people look at investment as capital. So as we move into 2015, it does appear that our capital will be much higher because we just came off of a much lower year than I had anticipated. But when you look at investment as far as - also the related expenses, for example, if it’s demand planning and additional headcount that we have to incur there, if it’s opening up mixing centers and some of the startup costs related to a particular center, there’s several things that are included in our forecast that are part of the expense structure as well that I would consider to be investing in the future and driving some of our key initiatives. So, when we look at investment, we look at both the capital side and the expense structure. And clearly as a growth company, we will continue to incur those and I believe that we have a significant portion of those already in our run rate and that’s why we are focused on still delivering mid-teens EPS growth.
Anthony F. Crudele: The offset, it was just in the direct margin on our products. And again, Steve and the team did a great job in driving gross margin through our initiatives and in particular we really drove our price management, especially on some key seasonal product and that helped drive the initial margin on the product.
Anthony F. Crudele: David, this is Tony. It really is very difficult to quantify. I would tell you what we classify as big ticket is a really, really, really small percentage of the sales. And you can imagine those items over $350 compared to an average ticket of $46 to $48. But just a swing in that number of a few basis points can have a nice impact on the average ticket. So, as we looked at the year or in the quarter, in particular, items that are needs based, it could be a log splitter or a snow blower do particularly well and those are the items that generally are some of the drivers when it comes to big ticket. We do have some items that are more discretionary such as all-terrain vehicles and/or utility vehicles that we have that are very high priced as well. So, there’s several things that will drive that, but again our customer is much more needs based and it’s around that versus their discretionary spend.
Anthony F. Crudele: I don’t know if it’s surprising. I think it’s in line with a lot that others see. It could potentially be a little bit higher for us because the many things that we have are very large and bulky and the transportation is high, so they find it much more efficient to come to the store to pick it up. But we ship about 30% of our products go to the store, which again we think is great because it will take our customer to the store and could lead to potential increase in sales at the store level.
Anthony F. Crudele: All right. Chris, when it comes to the saves, we haven’t provided that information as to what the percentage is and to what the drag was. As we’ve worked through the year 2014, we were lapping some very strong numbers, so we would expect over 2015 that that headwind will moderate to a certain extent. So as we move into 2015, it should be less of a headwind. When it comes to depreciation, we’re really looking at it and again we don’t give quarter guidance, but overall we’re looking at it sort of similar proration relative to 2014. We don’t see anything unique about 2015 when it comes to depreciation and how you model it.
Anthony F. Crudele: We usually let you guys try to figure that one out. But generally, we’re going to see around – a little bit over 10% increase when it comes to depreciation.
Anthony F. Crudele: A couple of things. One, we absolutely did include a projection as far as some of the fuel prices through the year. And again, it’s difficult because fuel is extremely low right now. We’re not sure how that will hold up throughout the course of the year. When it comes to the stem miles it is significant because it’s not necessarily just the west stores, but as we open up and backfill in the east, a main store or a Massachusetts store could be very far from our Hagerstown DC. So we incur some additional stem miles as well with some of the backfill stores. So, I know you don’t have a lot of details and we really don’t provide it, but the stem miles, the additional cost exceeds the benefit of the lower diesel price. In addition to that, obviously we continue to increase our imports and so we have rising costs relative to imports. We also have – we anticipate having some driver cost increase to the transportation and then obviously there’s always EPA and other government regulations that tend to drive the cost as well. So we do model some additional cost outside of the stem miles.
Anthony F. Crudele: Sure, Mark. This is Tony. I’ll let Steve handle the private label, but just very briefly you’re correct. The main driver when it comes to mix merchandize and the potential headwind is really around C.U.E. and our continued increasing C.U.E. as part of the mix.
Anthony F. Crudele: Brian, no. We currently have not hedged nor have we in the past. It is something that we would evaluate but there’s nothing that would prevent us from capturing fuel cost in the current environment.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes. I was trying to give a little bit of color as to the quarter and how it shaped up, but as we moved into 2015 I had also indicated that we really felt that we were in a great inventory position to be in a better shape than we were last year to take advantage of the cold weather in January and February timeframe. And we feel very good about the replenishment cycle and our ability to get goods into the store as we move through the fourth quarter and into 2015.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes. When we came into the season, I think we had strong retail price points. We got the early season sales which certainly benefited us, so we didn’t get on the back half of the season. And we also saw a lot of strong demand on certain categories and some shortages in some areas. So rather than bringing prices down, we’re able to maintain and we saw a lift in margins as a result.
Anthony F. Crudele: I would say that it’s probably a little bit of all that, but weather certainly did help. We talked earlier about a lot of the seasonal businesses taking off early, things like log splitters and some heating products, snow blowers and the like. So, we saw the benefit of that in the back half. But like we said, this has been a trend and we finished the year with a big ticket increase. We tend to be cautiously optimistic as we go into next year and we’re looking at assortments. And if the customer is willing to vote up, we’re willing to bring him the product to service their lifestyle.
Anthony F. Crudele: At this point, we haven’t seen a material impact one way or the other. We’re watching it very closely. The team’s just gotten back from overseas right now putting together a spring program for the following year and we’re watching it very closely. But I don’t see that having a material impact on the business.
Anthony F. Crudele: Again, relative to the comments, the prepared remarks, we were sort of looking at 2015 and the consumer and what we keep hearing about the consumer. When we look at our business, I think Steve’s talked about it a little bit, we’ll step up to the plate when it comes to need-based purchase and we’ve seen them move to some higher price point and larger ticket items. So we see that in our consumer. We see a little bit of an increase in items per transaction. So they’re coming in and they’re putting a little bit more in their basket. So there are some minor trends, but again as much as we’re optimistic that the consumer is more confident coming into 2015, we do realize that we are more of a needs based retailer and may not get the uptick that other retailers that are more focused on discretionary benefits.
Anthony F. Crudele: Well, history does have a tendency to repeat itself but again as we move into 2015, we’re looking at the trend in the business and we put together what we believe is a model that is very consistent with how we model in the years past.
Steve K. Barbarick: Hi, Michael. It’s Steve Barbarick here. We do have a number of oil drilling stores that we track and monitor and we went through an analysis over the last three or four months and right now those stores are tracking in line with our comp store sales. So, we don’t see any major changes or material impact at this point in those stores.
Steve K. Barbarick: No. I would tell you at this point when it comes to those oil drilling stores, I mean if the comps are in line with the existing store base that trend will likely continue and we’re watching it closely. And the next time we get together, if that question comes up, we’ll give you more information on it. 
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, looking at the numbers, we think right now it’s about 10% of our store base, but again that ebbs and flows depending upon new rigs and what we’re doing out there, but that’s what we see right now.
Steve K. Barbarick: John, you heard Greg talk a little bit about the balance of our sales in Q4 and I would tell you, we talk a lot internally about making sure that the four walls of the box are working. And we came out of Q4 feeling pretty good about the fact that we’re getting customers all the way around the building. A lot of that is a byproduct to the resets that we’ve done. I would tell you we talked a little bit about the west side resets in the last call and we continue to see some nice sales momentum out of the work that we did back in '14.
Steve K. Barbarick: I’ll answer that, Simeon. When it comes to the private label or exclusive brands, generally we’ll see somewhere between 400 and 600 basis points. On a pure import, we’re probably going to see somewhere between 600 and 1,000 basis point improvement. Now when I say a pure import, what I’m talking about is when we’re taking what is normally being sourced domestically and we move it over and bring it in generally from the Far East, there are times where our domestic distributor is also bringing in the product from the Far East and we insert ourselves into the process to reduce some of the transportation costs. In those cases, we will not experience 600 to 1,000 basis point improvement. It will be much lower. But generally our guidance is about 400 to 600 on the exclusive brands and around 800 ballpark for the imports.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, I mean we rarely get into the specifics around planograms and resets, but I can tell you one of the focus areas for us as an organization is going to be around newness. And in terms of newness you’re going to see it through resets, you’re going to see it through testing and you’re going to see it through localization. The team is highly focused in those areas as well as on the C.U.E. side of our business. We’re looking at broadening assortments, managing the inventory, so we’ll make sure that we’re a dependable supplier and making sure we’re priced right in the market. So generally speaking, we’re not going to give specifics about the resets but I can tell you there’s a lot of work being done behind the scenes.
Steve K. Barbarick: Here’s what I can tell you. We have talked about this on several calls and we tested a number of things in 2014 that were unique and different and we just didn’t gain a whole lot of traction relative to those initiatives. I can tell you that the sales on the outside of the building are better than they’ve been. We continue to see comp store sales pretty strong in a couple of key areas out there, but there’s still more work to be done and we will be doing more testing in '15. We just haven’t figured out how to get more traffic into that side yard.
Steve K. Barbarick: In terms of exclusive brands for private label, what we saw really in the back half had a lot to do with the inflation. A lot of our exclusive brands are around some of the C.U.E. items and they just weren’t as high a percent of sales.
Steve K. Barbarick: I would go back to the philosophy of continuous improvement and risk taking with that question. The merchant team and the organization is excited about a lot of the new things we’ll be bringing out this next year and it’s not in any specific area. And I would tell you it’s across the board. Like I said earlier, we’re going to focus on newness when it comes to resets and things we’re doing in the center course of our stores. A lot of testing and localization is going to take place and the focus will continue to be on C.U.E. items. So we’re not going to get off track of what’s got us here. We’re just going to be better at what we’ve done.
Steve K. Barbarick: Well, out west, I’ll tell you, our model I would go as far as to say about 85% of our model or basic model will work most places geographically. There’s probably maybe another 15% that needs to be tweaked by area of the country. And when we went out west, I would say that you know what, our first effort was fair, it wasn’t right on. We continue to tweak and modify those assortments. There are things that we’ll learn out there that probably will be applied back at this point, but I’m not prepared to go through looking at those items. But you know what, there’s a lot of tests that we do with the existing stores that I’m sure the West Coast stores will benefit from as well. So in general, I would tell you there’s still a lot of learning to be done out west when it comes to assortments.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, I would say at this point it’s still so early in the game to take much from that. We’re watching it closely and as we learn from that, we will be applying it back to the model but it will be a test at the Tractor stores before all.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, this is Steve. Every time I feel like we’re making progress, I realize that there’s a lot more work to do. I don’t know if you’ll ever be able to get it exactly right because there’s so much opportunity out there. And our merchant teams are tasked with travelling to different markets. We get a lot of feedback from the field. That’s one of the great things about our organization. And we work as a team to make sure that we’re taking care of the customer and the right markets and serving the lifestyle. So, I couldn’t even give you an inning at this point. All I can tell you is there’s a lot more work that we can do.
