Greg Sandfort: Thank you, Mary Winn and good morning to everyone joining us on the call today. Our first quarter 2019 was really a great start for Tractor Supply. We delivered strong comparable store sales driven by continued increases in both average ticket and transaction counts. Our Tractor Supply team executed well across store operations, merchandising, supply chain and planning and placement. The team did a great job allocating products to capitalize on the varying weather trends across the regions of the country as we move through the quarter. We had better than anticipated comparable store sales, effectively managed our gross margin performance and balanced our SG&A expenses, successfully controlling those elements that were in our control. Our results were driven by broad-based strength across all geographic regions as well as increases in both comparable store transactions and average ticket and all major product categories achieved positive comp sales in the quarter. Our first quarter results represent the seventh consecutive quarter of comp store sales running above a 3% comp. Now, let me touch on the few highlights for the first quarter as compared to the first quarter of last year. Comparable store sales increased 5% in the first quarter with both transaction count and average ticket increasing. Net sales increased 8.3% to $1.82 billion for the quarter as we continued our strategy to open new stores. Diluted EPS was $0.63, an increase of 10.5%. We returned $193 million to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and cash dividends in the quarter. And based upon our performance year-to-date, we are confirming our full year financial guidance. Now, let’s take a look at some of the operational highlights of the quarter. Our distribution center in Frankfort, New York began shipping product to stores in the Northeast. We opened 10 new Tractor Supply stores and 1 Petsense location. This quarter marks our 27th consecutive quarter of strong double digit sales growth in our e-commerce business. During the quarter we continued to experience strong growth with our Buy Online Pickup in Store program. Between the combination of our Buy Online Pickup in Store and Direct Delivery to Stores, the majority of our e-commerce orders are being fulfilled at stores and our stores continue to play a key role in the fulfillment of our e-commerce business. With our capabilities we believe the Neighbor’s Club personalization, Buy Online Pickup in Store, Stockyard in-store ordering kiosk and our competitive private label credit card and mobile point of sale rollout uniquely positioned us to serve the customer base better than anyone in this fragmented market. And we see significant opportunities to broaden our customer base and increase market share as our store base and digital capabilities expand over time. As we have stated before our ONETractor strategy is clearly aligned around four objectives, driving profitable growth, building customer centric engagement, offering the most relevant products and services and enhancing our core and foundational infrastructure capabilities. We continued to take a balanced approach to managing our business, keeping the long-term in focus. As we look to the future, I think it is important to recognize how much progress we have made. We have invested in our infrastructure to support enhanced capabilities, to capitalize on the convergence of our physical stores and digital sales for a seamless shopping experience. We have strengthened our core with key investments including wages for our team members. And as a result our turnover is down year-over-year and I believe we are building a strong foundation for future growth of the company. In 2019 our capital spending is prioritized to new stores with an increase of capital dedicated to customer insight and store service initiatives as well as our supply chain. We are investing in technology to strengthen our execution and maximize efficiencies in our stores, so our teams can shift their focus from task to driving customer service. As we have shared with you our real estate modeling process continues to support the potential for upwards of 2,500 tractors supply store location over time. And we continue to be pleased with our new store productivity and returns. While the timing for opening a number of our new stores in 2019 has shifted a bit more to the second half of the year, we remain on track to open 80 new tractor supply stores and 10 to 15 new Petsense store locations. I believe our ONETractor strategy positions us well to meet the unique preferences of our customers because they have demand driven immediate need of products and they want it in an easy and seamless shopping experience anytime, anywhere and anyway they choose. Now I will turn the call over to Steve for more detail regarding several of the merchandising, marketing and supply chain initiatives.
Greg Sandfort: Thank you, Kurt. And in closing, first quarter was a great way to start out the year. I want to thank the nearly 30,000 team members across our organization, the dedication, their hard work and for consistently placing our customers first in everything they do. I believe our results are directly correlated to our team members’ efforts. Our commitment to provide legendary service and great products at everyday low prices will continue to be the foundation of our growth. And with that, Mary Winn, we would now like to open the line for questions.
Greg Sandfort: Steven, I just go back to what we said on the last call that we believe what we can be and have the ability to be nimble in how we manage that. We new there was a risk of wave three coming or not perhaps and as we know how that played that, our ability to yield a add-on or layer off the tariffs gives us a good competitive advantage. And we also said we felt with it you might have some challenge of the demand or the traffic, but yet an offset on the ticket and we believe that tariffs can have a pretty even offset. So it really doesn’t impact significantly anything that we see going forward in the remaining quarters for the year.
Greg Sandfort: And I think the other portion to your question had to do with what parts of ONETractor we are most excited about. I would tell you within the formats themselves, we have seen benefits across a couple of different areas. But one of the things it’s given us confidence is we put the stockyard kiosk into these ONETractor formats. And seeing the results that we have gotten there has given us confidence to expand that program to all stores by the end of this year. So from a technology standpoint and getting our customers comfortable with using the technology, supporting buy online, pickup in store, our team members comfortable with it. That’s where we are really seeing a lot of benefit in the new capabilities.
Greg Sandfort: Matt, let me start with that one. I don’t mean to scare anybody, but about the floods of North I don’t know what’s going to happen with that. I am just saying that from a macro perspective we just got to keep an eye on it, that’s all I would say there. Relative to inflation for the quarter and for this year, what we saw basically in the first quarter was in line with expectations and really was a carry over from what I would say was the second half of last year. So that’s kind of where we are at and that’s what I would say that we would expect going forward for the remainder of this year. And what we are seeing it is, we are seeing a little bit in some gains and we are also seeing a little bit in some steel products. Our lubricant business isn’t significant, but there is a moderate – modest impact there.
Greg Sandfort: Yes. This is Greg. Here is what I would tell you. First of all, the ONETractor strategy and the components of that have been talked about here most of the morning. And they are all in different stages of what I would call maturity, nothing is anywhere near maturity. As Kurt mentioned in a couple of his comments, the PIP program, the profit improvement is just starting to really get embedded. So there is a lot of headroom in front of us for these things. So what we would caution you always in our business we have been in this business now a little over 11 years. Steve has been here over 20 years. Kurt has been here 17 years plus. You can see that is really a half in game. You have got to look at the business on halves and you got to look at these components of initiatives and such probably gaining more momentum as we get towards the second half and that’s basically what we put into our guidance. That’s what we felt that way initially. But it’s a half game, it’s not a quarter game. We are very pleased with Q1. We believe that we have got ammunition to carry forward. But I wouldn’t tell you that there is any one thing today that is I can highlight. I would say that what we are fortunate to have is a number of things in the basket that are working all-in units. And as Steve said earlier, they are all moving the business forward. The opportunity to drive greater comps and we have seen is there, but it’s too early in this year to start call that.
Greg Sandfort: It’s one of the key contributors. That’s a big part of it. Just don’t want to understate we would like the fact that we are able to grow in standard financing as well being repeat visits and buying on the card outside of the big ticket deferred financing.
Steve Barbarick: Sure, Michael. This is Steve. For years, we have been talking about investing in our pricing tools and those tools have really helped us analytically assess elasticity and make appropriate changes, where they need to be made. As we went into this year, we recognized as we have restructured our pricing program out in the field that there was future opportunity and so we took advantage of that tool. And I would say that at the end of the day, it assesses elasticity and demand and we feel like we are in a really good spot with it. So it’s a tool that we have used in the past. We just cited it probably this time a little more than we typically have and we will continue to lean and leverage that system as we move forward.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, Chris this is Steve. We always talk about weather plays some factor in our business especially when you talk about customers who live “out here.” What I would tell you is that as stated early in the commentary, we saw strength in both the fall weather side of our business, but we also saw some strength in the seasonal goods and they comped off. So as we look at it fortunately for us we are geographically dispersed, we are prepared for spring as we go forward. I don’t want to get in the specifics of the individual regions, but I can tell you that we have got product set and as the season continues to move north, we will take advantage of it.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, Scott, this is Steve. Overall, we are still running solid comps both on the food side as well as on the supply side. Our focus around pet is really been around our own private or exclusive brands, that in those brands are really more differentiated and channel specific. And if you look at our assortment, 70% of those brands that we sell are not mass or grocery and that’s what we are seeing a lot of the strength in our business. There is some inflation, but it’s not significant to the total and it’s not necessarily material to our overall company’s performance.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, this is Steve. And I will take that one. We have had a good stream over the last 40 plus quarters of comp transaction growth. And I would tell you a lot of that growth is a result of new customers being introduced to the brand. They are being introduced to the brand through a lot of different marketing vehicles. And one of the ones that I think is probably the most significant for our brand is the actual website itself. There is a lot of customers. And if you look at our traffic on our site, if you look at unique visits, if you look at store locator clicks, it’s very easy to be sitting in your home and pull up – see something from a Tractor Supply banner ad that runs across a website you are looking at, you click on it and you are introduced to the brand. And I think that, that right there is the new front door for Tractor Supply Company. So, I would suggest looking at the data that we have got as we continue to scale Neighbor’s Club and understanding who our customers really are, there is a tremendous amount of value in getting our brand out there in different vehicles in digital in my opinion is the way to bring new customers in. So that’s what I would tell you.
Steve Barbarick: That’s always been difficult for us. And part of the reason is as we compete with a lot of folks that are private in our space. And so we have been reluctant to really give out some of the initial insights that we have at this point as we continue to assess the data, but our business is very unique. It’s incredibly fragmented. And at this point I don’t have any specifics for you.
Steve Barbarick: Yes this is Steve. I will tell you that the way it is scaled is really giving us some deep insights in our customer not just the frequency but the amount they spend year-over-year spend what categories they spend within the benefit of the life cycle is taking that data and then welcoming new customers and watching them grow and mature into the lifestyle that we had in communicating on a very relevant and personalize basis to them so that were not only talking about the categories that they purchase today but we can cross sell of so of those customers we recently implemented their campaign management tool and they give you a sense for it we are not able to scale or emails and then in the last campaign we actually were able to have 4000 different versions all that email sent out to individual customers to really talk what we have previously, we are ruling more of a mass email deliver so between that and been able to really shift our spend in advertising the more digital we see this is real upside as we track these customers over time. And if we do find a customer that only came in once, we can talk to them and if we have a customer that may have lapsed, we have a better way to communicate with them as well. The e-mails that we are getting today addresses from our customers will add tremendous value in the long-haul.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. I think that there is – I think there is a maturation of us as an organization using systems and technology that will help diffuse some of the weather impact. But if you look at the quarter, we did see benefit from spring like products. We saw some benefit from cold related products. But I will tell you we saw very strong sales of our core business or what we call year around products. All three work in concert, all areas and regions of the country were positive and all product divisions saw positive comps. So it’s hard to pick any specific thing out Brian, but I would tell you that as we mature as an organization our supply chain becomes nimble. We have got systems to support what we are doing and the capabilities that we have invested in. I think we are starting to see the results of a lot of those investments.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. This is Steve again. When we look at the data we don’t see any material impact from those stores on the district, the region, the geography anything specific jumps out, I think from a more macro perspective it will be interesting to see what happens with corn yields and soybeans just because that impacts possible inflation, it doesn’t impact our sales specifically because our consumer is not production, but it is probably a macro thing than anything else. So we don’t necessarily see those floods as having any material impact at this point on our business.
Steve Barbarick: Sure. This is Steve. I mean basically we have some machine learning AI type of technology that will allow us to go in and set parameters. Say we will take key product categories, key SKUs, good to understand who is buying them, understanding their e-mail address through their Neighbor’s Club program and then be able to take that large amount of data with the guidelines parameters that we put in and personalize the communication directly to them not just through test but also through the inventory. And see that’s where the value of this really comes in. So rather than trying to do the linked e-mails, we are just grouping some e-mails. We are able to now get to that as I mentioned earlier 4,000 versions in triggered e-mail out to specific customers. That’s how the system will work and we can continue to refine and better improve the e-mail communication out over time as we continue to get more and more data, click rates and responses from these customers.
Kurt Barton: And Michael, this is Kurt. I will add to what was saying. In regards to the second part of your question, first quarter, the team did an excellent job capitalizing on margin opportunities that were specific to first quarter, particularly on the winter seasonal product. So extending the margin benefit in Q1 into future quarters is it’s a little bit hard to fully extend that into those other quarters as we had some success in areas that were discrete to the quarter. But as I indicated, we do anticipate to have modest gross margin improvement throughout the year.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Michael, I mean we acknowledge Q1 as both Greg and Steve said was a clear success for us above our initial expectations both on top and bottom line. But as we said, we faced strong tough compares in all the remaining three quarters on the top line and we have a vast majority of the year still ahead of us. So, we haven’t really pointed anything out. I think it’s just with a strong level of the majority at this point. Consistent with our practice, we believe it’s a good and prudent thing to maintain our guidance on the reminder of the year.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Oliver. This is Kurt. Yes, you are correct on transportation year-over-year, I mean, the first, they still were up. I will give you a couple of points on transportation and then answer the last part of your question. Our transportation costs had a growth year-over-year. We did see some easing of some of those cost pressures even in the first quarter that was in line with our expectations, particularly in the area of fuel and common carrier costs. And we also saw some success with the progress we are making on transportation. Our spot rate usage is down year-over-year and this is really the third quarter we made progress on reducing the usage on spot rate. And we also saw progress on reducing some of our stem miles. So, we are going to continue to focus on transportation. And while those costs year-over-year are anticipated to be slightly higher, they will begin to moderate in the back half of the year as we begin to cycle some of those step-ups. And all of that is anticipated in our guidance. So we don’t really anticipate at this point to see anything significantly different than we have guided on the overall gross margin.
Kurt Barton: Chris, this is Kurt, I will just hit a couple of the highlights on there. As Steve mentioned in his prepared remarks on the average ticket there was a number of key contributors and that’s the excellent point that the average ticket benefited from good strong price management ensuring that we can offset some of those cost increases particularly in the areas of transportation. But we had positive comps in big ticket. Our big ticket comps for the quarter was in line with the overall chain average and that contributed to the average ticket. It wasn’t the primary, but it was one of the key contributors. But also the efforts we have got on adding units in the basket and the efforts to continue to improve our selling along with our private label credit card all contributed to that. And as we lap the future, I mean the success of the quarters going forward, we are really excited about and we have good confidence in our initiatives in these particular areas to be able to lap the improvement we saw in average ticket going forward the rest of the year.
Kurt Barton: Steven, this is Kurt. Let me give you a couple of highlights on the progress with the private label credit card. We are very pleased with the performance. I will give you some indications on the progress on it. The general key metrics that we look for at or above our expectations, we look at the number of applications, our active accounts including repeat visits from those customers, all of those key metrics continued to move positively for us in line with what we expected. And we are really excited about aagain another where the tender mix on the card and up strong double-digits. So what is resonating with our customers, we see a good connectivity and correlation on bigger ticket items as well. And when it comes to comparison to prior year or what’s being offered out there, this year in the spring a couple of key differences year-over-year were consistent throughout the spring selling season on our deferred financing offers. Those bigger ticket deferred financing offers that were on and off a bit with some of the adds last year will be consistent. And then also we introduced late last year or offer where in certain price levels you can choose the deferred financing or 5% off. And we believe that resonates differently with customers. And there is a segment of our customer that, that resonates better than deferred financing. So overall, we have got a very competitive offering when we look at what the competition has and a greater offering than even last year in the second quarter.
Kurt Barton: Hey, Scott. This is Kurt. Yes, it’s correct. We did start to last year introduce that new layout format not only in new stores, but began to test and roll it out into some of our retrofit existing stores. At this point, we are still assessing the performance of the retrofit stores and the ROI just like we would do with any remodel or investment in existing stores. At this point, the investment return isn’t where we wanted to be to warrant further or a larger scale expansion, but it’s still very early. What I can tell you also though is we will continue to test and modify in those stores and we are taking some of the learnings and applying that to the chain where appropriate. And we are all really excited about the impact it’s having on the new stores and we are continuing to open up new stores with that format.
Kurt Barton: Sure, Chuck, this is Kurt. If I heard the question right, gross margin mix versus price and then impact the transportation, exciting that all key factors mix and price were both contributors on the gross margin side of it. And pricing for the first quarter for the things that we pointed out are particularly on price management as well as capitalizing on demand on winter merchandizing a solid sell through those were the primary two contributors that were larger than the benefit from mix and transportation costs were in line with what we expected which is showing as I indicated some easing and less of pressure then it was in Q3 and Q4 of last year, but it still was a key factor in gross margin and we are really excited about as we continue to learn and manage through that not only driving some efficient in transportation, but being able to manage the pricing to be able to pass on some of those incremental cost to our customer during the quarter overall we manage the transportation increases well from both sides of that.
Kurt Barton: Seth this is Kurt. In regards to the store shifting a bit, it will not have a material impact on the cadence of the operating margin. But to the first part of your question on operating margin and the cadence of it, still in line with our initial guide. And I will just remind you that we do anticipate second half to have operating margin performance stronger than the first half. And there is really three key contributors to that. The Frankfort distribution center ramp up more negatively impacting the first half of the year than the second half. And in the second half while it still has on SG&A some de-leverage impact as modest as that is, you will begin to have some offset of that on the transportation side on the distribution center. Secondly on the back half we really don’t start to cycle most of the step up in some of our higher costs last year transportation or wages until about mid-year. So it gives the better compare in the second half of the year. And then third, our profit improvement plan initiatives that we have been strategically working on we are in that implementation stage right now and not at the point of seeing a lot of benefits from it, but we continue to believe we get offset in benefits starting in the second half of the year on the profit improvement plan initiatives. Those key factors really give us a better opportunity for the strength of the operating margin and the flow through in the back half of the year.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Sure. The incentive compensation was less of a factor in the level of its impact compared to the non-recurring distribution center cost. Slightly below that the important thing is that its level of impact on the quarter was less than we saw impact on Q3 and Q4 last year. So it begins to moderate as we have easier compares. And if we hit our guidance for the year which should be in line with our plan for the year incentive compensation would not be a de-leverage point for 2019.
Kurt Barton: Scott this is Kurt, I will start with the second question. What we have said is that when we re-launch this program historically we maintains at a low single-digit percentage of tender. And with still yet a year under our belt it’s still very early. But with the double digit growth that we have seen year-over-year, we are making good progress on being able to move outside of that low single digit mark on the penetration from the card. It’s right in line with our expectations. And I will just add to it I will plan to give a little bit more detail at the investor community day coming up in May on our targets for that and some of the initiatives we have as well. As early as it is right now, I don’t have the data nor we are really sharing a lot of the specifics on what the customers are spending in particular on big ticket versus just non-big ticket item, how much they are taking deferred financing. But in general, I would say we have seen growth in both deferred financing as well as the standard financing on the program. And we have seen a real solid momentum and strength from that deferred financing that’s pushing the growth in the program. So in general, the growth certainly is correlated with the resonation with our customers accepting the deferred financing and the program is exactly where we would want that to be.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Sure. Zach this is Kurt. As I have said we are on track with it. The first thing I would say is it’s important to know that from the – our strategy on the profit improvement plan is about process re-engineering, performance management and benefiting and leveraging automation. And I would point that out to contrast against just a cost cutting initiative because our focus is on sustainable efficiencies in the process. We are launching in-store productivity. It’s now in test in 100 plus stores on a lot of the process re-engineering. We are in pilot on with re-engineering in labor management standards and efficiencies at one distribution center and we are fairly well along on the transportation side of optimizing lanes and driving efficiency in reduction in costs – carrier costs which we believe will start to flow through on the back half of the year. So like the ability to go after long-term sustainable, we are making good progress on the program.
