Hal Lawton: Hey Oliver, good morning, thanks for joining our call. On gross margins, we're -- we're very pleased both with our short term results, kind of this past quarter on gross margin, and also very optimistic about the long-term nature of our gross margins. On the short-term, we've had significant amount of cost coming through our business, whether that's in cost of goods as it relates to raw materials and commodity-based goods, also vendors passing along costs related to labor and freight. We've also seen freight cost increase as well as well as costs related to imports. The team's done an excellent job navigating those costs, finding offsets, productivity measures really being the advocate for the customer to keep prices as low as possible. That's it. As Kurt mentioned, we did have inflation of 2% to 7% in the quarter, which helped us offset alot of those costs and delivered the gross margin results that we did in the quarter which sequentially from a GAAP to last year improved from Q2. Long term, as we talked about on several of our call s, the question is really around promotional intensity and the clearance intensity in the business. And those two remain at the same levels that they have over the last 6 quarters: very low. We remain very focused on everyday low price. We remain very focused on delivering value every single day to our customers, and we see it playing out that way for the foreseeable future. We have no plans for significant promotional intensity in Q4. And we think this will remain in a very supply constrained environment as we move into the first half of next year. And that too will continue to limit any sort of promotional intensity to market. And a couple of years in now with minimal promotional intensity, I think that bodes well for being able to maintain a low promotional structure going forward. And so as I said, again, we're very pleased with our short-term gross margin results and also very optimistic about the structural nature of our long-term gross margin.
Hal Lawton: Hey [Indiscernible] and good morning and thanks for joining the call. We see significant growth opportunities ahead in our business which we talked about several times, $110 billion total addressable market. Super excited about our Life Out Here Strategy in a runway ahead there. And we're investing in that strategy to ensure we capture, sustainable market share. Absolute -- to your point acknowledge that absent the write-down on Petsense that we did a t 10.1% off profit in 2020 and our guidance for 2021 here at 102 to103 that both of those exceed our long-term targets. We certainly don't want to get ahead of ourselves here in the third quarter. What we commented on is that, we're in the midst of our annual planning for 2022. It's -- at the same time, we're also just always looking at our long-term targets and it's very natural for us to be reviewing that over the next few months. And so, when we have more news on that, we'll certainly let folks know. But again, I think we're in a period where there's a significant amount of opportunity ahead, and we're very pleased with the results we put up this quarter, the outlook we have for the balance of the year, and also excited about the long-term opportunity that we still see out there in our $110 billion market as we are gaining significant share in it and the team is just executing on all cylinders right now.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Gutman. Good to talk to you this morning and thanks for joining us. You had said -- first off, we see sizable opportunity ahead in our market. For those who followed us for a long period of time, it's a very attractive market. One, it's very fragmented. One, where we're very well-positioned with our scale and size and relationships that we have and investments we've made historically. We think that there are significant further opportunity as we look out. We continue to grow in an out-sized way and take share. And we're committed to going after that share, continuing to grow. That said, would acknowledge 2 straight years of performance above 10% off margin. It's above our long-term guidance. And as we go through our 2022 annual planning process, we'll be -- that will help us really think through our long-term guidance and the relevance of that as we look forward. For right now, it is our long-term guidance. What I would say is, as it relates to investments, we're very bullish on our investments, we're very focused on excellent capital allocation, we're seeing the results of our investments in the business. As we shared today, the Fusion stores and the Side Lot stores are performing very well. As they mature and begin to normalize, we're seeing the results right in line with what our expected business model and business plan for them were. That's it. Also our business is much -- continues to grow at an outsized rate and that gives us an opportunity to leverage and scale on our business in a way that we didn't fully anticipate last year at this time. And I think as we see how that continues to evolve into early next year, you can expect to hear more from us on that. But again, we remain very bullish on our opportunity, very pleased with our business, it's never been stronger, and we're excited about both the short-term and long-term potential inside of it.
Hal Lawton: There's a little bit of disruption. There's disruption that happens during the remodel. Particularly with the current supply chain environment, there's a little disruption that's occurring still even after the remodel as some fixtures and other types of things come in some months a little late. That -- and then we start to see the lift happen as customers getting used to shopping, the new layout and find the new categories and the new brands and the new remodel. What we're seeing is what we would expect, which is every week, every month that goes by post kind of the re-grand opening of the remodel that the performance of the store continues to improve. And that's the case of both combo stores and the Fusion remodel. The other that I would make to that is as it relates to the Side Lot with the Garden Center. We have a couple of stores that went through year 2 of spring. We saw outsized gains in those which is in line again with our expectation that we would see more of a maturity curve with the Garden Center than we would with the inside of the store Fusion remodel. We think that and we expect and what we're seeing in the Fusion remodel, it's more of an immediate impact with the maturity curve being more of 3, 4, 5, 6 months maturity curve, whereas for the Garden Center, we're seeing a nice, strong immediate impact, but then we're also seeing 12, 18 months continuation of that maturity curve. But yeah, the results are very much in line, nice positive lift already, even a few months into each of the remodels. And then we see even continued lift as we complete year 1 of those remodels, whether it's Fusion or the combo.
Hal Lawton: Yeah, we start measuring lift the day of the re-grand opening. So not to get too tactical, but there's a sign off that the store manager and the project manager and the construction manager do that on the day that sign off, that's when the project is complete. The re-grand opening happens reasonably quickly after that, 1 week, 2 weeks kind of thing, and then we start measuring the lift from that re-grand opening date.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Chuck and thanks for joining the call today. I'll hit kind of three things on Side Lot and then I'll just briefly touch base on Fusion productivity. On the Side Lot, the 3 things I'll talk about is the Garden Center, I'll talk about BOPIS, and then I'll talk about our feed rooms. So first on the Garden Center. Our customers key data set is that the categories that we least address from a destination perspective, that they most engage in is live goods and garden. And so that's really what the Garden Center strategy is all about, is creating another C.U.E. destination category in our business. And -- but we're seeing that in our results. I'd say we're more excited now about the prospects for adding to our fleet the Garden sooner than we were even this time last year. And the -- just tax and the behavior we're seeing our customers exactly what you expect. It's a little less around beautification, like what you might see in a more of a home improvement store, in terms of the core product, and much more about fruits and vegetables and shrubs and trees. All those sorts of things that really speak to Life Out Here, whether it's the gardening you do in your backyard or whether it's the shrubs and the tree you're planning along your fence line and in -- along -- in your land. And we have significant convenience benefit -- kind of advantages for our customers from a location perspective. So the Garden Center s are performing very well and we're just getting started both on the build-out of those, obviously, but also with our relationships with our live goods vendors and the assortments, tailoring it by store. The second thing is on BOPIS drive-thru. We're seeing incredibly high levels of drive-thru behavior from our customers. And we're seeing in -- some of our stores that have been open for 4, 5, 6, 8 months now, we're seeing 50%, 60%, 75%. the bio line pickup in store being drive-through and just that extra convenience factor you're seeing with customers. And then that's driving repeat behavior. And so really pleased with how that's evolving and the behavior we're seeing from our customers is consistent with what the feature was when we rolled it out. And then lastly is the feed room. We are the largest seller of bag feed in the country. And if you think about our average store volumes and the growth we've seen in those store volumes combined with the outsized performance in Q, that's put a lot of stress on our stores as it relates to the receipt of bad good s, getting it out onto the store, staying in stock for our customers, and then being able to get that onto customers' trucks and out the -- towards -- get them on their way. And the feed rooms have provided valuable capacity and also allowed us to effectively, from a cost perspective, serve the customer. We're not touching the bags 2, 3, 4 times. We're able to leverage our mixing centers in a way that they're designed now. And so all 3 of those things are really coming together, we're seeing excellent performance across all 3 exactly as we designed them and built them and we're continuing to use our test and learn to tweak it along the way. As you think about our productivity, as we move forward, we're still committed to our comps outpacing overall retail and outpacing the Life Out Here market that we define as that a $110 billion market. And so you can expect continued productivity improvements on our same-store sales in an outsized way as we move forward. We even in spite of 6 consecutive quarters now with double-digit comps, we still have that expectations moving forward. One other thing, while I've got the mike here so to speak. I'd like to just step back and reference there's a bit about our long-term op margin leverage as Kurt was talking about. What I'd say is if you look at our long-term guidance through there are several questions on this topic. Our long-term guidance that we announced last year had 6% to 7% sales growth and 8% to 10% earnings per diluted share, which implies continued leverage on the business as we move forward. And we're not in a state of normalcy right now, obviously with our comps being the sixth consecutive quarters of double-digit growth, but what I would say, the spirit of the continued leverage, you are seeing in our results. And that is the expectation we have of our business, whether we're seeing outsize costs for labor and outsize cost from freight and cost of goods or whether that's in a more normal environment. And so we're holding ourselves accountable to executing in that way, regardless of the environment that we're in. And just wanted to clarify that. I think Kurt 's point around 3% comp and whether that's a point of leverage is still accurate in a normal environment, but we still, even in a kind of "non -normal environment" still accept that same challenge.
Kurt Barton: Hey, Brian. I'd point to 3 things in our business. First off, I'll talk about broad macro trends, second thing I'll talk about is the consistency of our business, and the third I'll talk about is share gains. In the broad macro trends, all the trends that we saw in Q2 of last year really have all sustained themselves, and I think there's certain retailers and other businesses that saw the benefit as it relates to COVID behavior early to mid last year and that waned. And I think that's not been the case for us, whether it's things like rural revitalization, which is a bit more of a permanence in if people move and whether it's things like pet ownership and adoption, again, permanent more so in nature. Whether it's homesteading and just kind of the self-reliance mentality, we're seeing this as more permanent behaviors and really no matter what dataset you look at, whether it's home purchases, whether it's mobility, whether it's pet ownership, any sort of qualitative data on where people are spending their money, they all reinforce the structural nature of those trends. The second thing I'd point to is the consistency, as I mentioned. Our business has been remarkably consistent. Month to month, week to week, by category, and by region. And that's been regardless of whether or not we've been in COVID surges or whether or not certain states have been more in lock down or less in lock down. And that I think just again speaks to the structural orientation. And lastly, we're gaining significant share really in almost every category in our business. And we're seeing that share gain in our core customers who have long shopped us and as they come to us now with a confidence that we're in stock with the right level of customer service and at the right price, and then also new customers who are finding the lifestyle that we serve to be what they're seeking in this time. And we're gaining share really across the board on all of our categories in that context. I'd point to those -- to those three things that give us real confidence in the structural orientation of our business. I think it's -- there's a set of COVID winners that were early on and have seen some of that wane. And then there's another set that are seeing it much more structural and sustained. And I very much put it at the top of that second camp.
Kurt Barton: [Indiscernible], hey. This is Kurt. Good morning and good morning to everybody. On the inflation side of it, as Hal mentioned on the top side, there was 700 basis points of inflation benefit on the business. We saw at that or slightly higher cost pressures in Q3, as we look ahead to Q4, we exited Q3 and into Q4 with continued levels of inflation moderating at the levels compared to like what we saw coming out of Q2 into Q3. But there continues to be some levels of inflation that's factored into our guidance. In regards to how we handle that, it really is more of a portfolio approach. We take a look at where those costs are contributing, both in transportation product costs and we look at our portfolio. Seth, and the merchant team manages the shopping patterns from the customers, as well as making sure that in key traffic driving areas, we've got great everyday low pricing. So we leverage our pricing tools really well and make sure that from the portfolio standpoint that we can balance from a retail side, as well as what we can do to leverage the strength of our mature supply chain to keep cost s as low as possible. And again, our team has just managed through this great and we are forecasting our guidance for Q4 expecting that they're able to manage that in a similar pattern.
Kurt Barton: Michael, I'll hit the two questions. In response to clarification on Kate's question, for Q4 the inflation pressures on the business will be fairly similar to what we described and saw on Q3: flattish to potentially slightly up in regards to Q4. In regards to our leverage point, where we're at right now with the business, the elevated levels of revenue growth, as well as our focus on our investments really makes the whole algorithm different than just saying is it a 3% comp that you leverage on. And to your point, right now, we're seeing really strong momentum in the business, and that does elevate our ability to leverage on the cost. But we're also using that to the point that Hal made and that I made in our prepared remarks that we definitely see this as a tremendous opportunity, we're investing from a position of strength, so our continued outlook of managing SG&A to flattish over time will still be our outlook in the way we are managing this business. Great opportunity to just continue to gain market share and drive traffic into the stores.
Kurt Barton: Yeah, sure, Peter. So for this year, the depreciation growth year-over-year, throughout the quarters, mid-to-high 20% growth rate is very much in line with our expectations. The investments we've made this year, the incremental ones principally with the new distribution center build, as well as the Fusion Side Lot remodel has us right where we expected to be on depreciation. And for 2022 at this point with our plan, we would expect very much similar in the low 20% growth rate, likely and that's very much what we framed out when we launched the Life Out Here Strategy.
Kurt Barton: Zach, this is Kurt and a number of things in there. Let me just try to package that in this. One, I'll hit the last one first. Orscheln is not considered in any of the numbers of the guidance that we've given in regards to the depreciation expense structure. So COVID expenses have been elevated from the level that we entered the year into, just because the pandemic with the Delta variant and others have lingered. They're at lower levels than we saw in comparable quarters last year but we continue to emphasize having a safe and clean environment for our customers and our team members. The incentive comp with the outperformance this year, while at lower levels than last year, continued to be above target. And so we should think about going forward those are items for us as in future years, those are leveraged points. And if, like in this year, while there's incentive comp above target, the performance gives leverage above and beyond the level that we're paying an incentive comp. So it's net an overall leverage this year, and next year those will be favorable items to compare again. The depreciation expense, as I mentioned earlier, the growth rate that I quoted and referring to is very much in line with what we expected in our long-range plan when we launched the Life Out Here Strategy and talked about a 3 year to 5 year plan. And so with the elevated sales, I mean, we feel very comfortable with a 20% growth rate in depreciation because that's where those investments are at, does not include Orscheln, and again, we're very comfortable with the management we've got and what we have visibility on our expenses for the fourth quarter and even the near term beyond that.
Kurt Barton: The strategic initiative that we've had -- we haven't really specifically mentioned any increased spend on strategic initiatives outside of what we had planned in the Life Out Here Strategy on technology, digital that we had this year and we'll continue to execute the plan. So maybe just clarify what you're referring there.
Kurt Barton: Got you, Zach. No, it's very much in line with what we said that our capital expenditures over the next few years. We anticipate those still to be in that 450 to 550 some years, could be higher because of launching of distribution centers. But the level investment in the businesses is consistent with what we expect.
Kurt Barton: Hey, good morning. And yes, that is what we said in our prepared remarks and it is accurate. The add that I'd make to that is just as is typical with a store remodel,
