Gregory A. Sandfort: Thank you, Kurt. And what I'd like to say is thank you, and I'd like to reinforce how appreciative I am of our entire team's efforts during the first quarter of 2018. Our more than 28,000 team members bring our mission and values to life every day as they serve our Out Here lifestyle customers. We have a wonderful business which addresses a unique niche operated by exceptional team members, and I am proud to be on their team. With that, Mary Winn, we would now like to open the lines for questions.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I think we would say yes because our plans are, as you saw, we were about 1% up in inventory in total which would relatively mean flat. But it's the investment in the right inventory that we've done I think a remarkable job with over the years. We run a tight ship, albeit an awesome one, one's that's very directed to the needs of the customer and by the regions of the country. So I don't anticipate any slowdown, I really don't.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well Scott, there's multiple ways to look at ROIC from a standpoint how it incorporates into either a direct correlation or an indirect correlation to compensation. We have always looked at it as a component of, not a singular component to itself. And we have a very robust, as you know, process for allocation of capital. It's been very time-tested and it's been productive. But when you look at the overall performance of any company, if you look at one or two individual measures, I think you start to look at the short side of what literally drives the company. And when we look at our measurements behind our compensation program, they are designed for performance. You have to perform to pay. And so yes, ROIC is an element. It's discussed. It isn't a singular item that we look at but it is part of the conversation that we have every year. And net income to me is one of the better factors to look at because I can start to manipulate, if I was one of the members of management, certain elements; ROIC could be one, there could be others. I like to look at the combination of the entire package and say listen, at the bottom line net income of the company is what the shareholders also are interested in. And we believe the package, the way it's structured, delivers the right results. It's been time-tested and I don't see any reason to change at this point. Kurt, you want to have any comment? (59:33)
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yeah. Let me just say that I want to reiterate that the business model here at Tractor Supply is solid, and we're excited about the growth prospects not only for this year but for years to come. As we have shared with you, we do have a solid plan and we have the ability to become flexible and nimble with how the business can develop over the year based upon our position of strength and how we believe we can take more market share as we focus on creating longer-term shareholder value for the company and for our shareholders. So with that, if you have any other further questions Mary Winn will be available afterwards. We thank you for your interest in Tractor Supply and we look forward to talking to all of you very soon.
Steve K. Barbarick: The one thing I would add there, Michael, is well Q1, the weather was helpful. We've had got a good run of traffic in our stores. And as Greg mentioned, I think 39 out of 40 quarters. I will tell you we continue to pick up share in a lot of these C.U.E. businesses as Greg mentioned, and the team's focus around those C.U.E. businesses is really paying dividends. As Greg mentioned, our in-stock positions are better, we continue to build out our assortments, and we're making sure that we're priced right to get that traffic in and have those folks really become loyalists. So I would anticipate, when you look at the core business, for the strength of that to continue.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. Seth, this is Steve Barbarick. What I would tell you is that in 2018 we anticipate the online business to do somewhere between 2% and 3% of our total sales, and it is growing, as Greg mentioned, 23 straight quarters of double-digit comps. And you got to look at it from a couple different perspectives. The first I would tell you is Greg mentioned the importance of the store, and I just want to reiterate that. About half of our online business today is Buy Online, Pickup in Store. And that portion of our business is in some of the core businesses that we have, and you'll see that in fencing and a variety of categories where customers are looking for convenience. In many cases, a lot of our customers have folks that work with them that can go in now and pick up the product since the purchase has already been made, and there's a tremendous benefit to a lot of that when we're out traveling stores and talking to our team members. I think that business will continue to grow because it is convenience. The next element is ship to store, and many of the ship to store products are products that we don't carry within the four walls of the store today. So they're really incremental sales that customers are purchasing, coming into the store and buying. And then the last element is the product that is actually shipped to customer or shipped to home, house, however you want to look at it. And that business, again, has probably a good mix of both new products that our customers are looking for that the box may not have as well as some products that are inside the four walls, but they just want it delivered for them from a convenience perspective. The categories that we're seeing grow vary across all categories within the box itself. There's not any one specific category. I will mention one last thing here and that is as we did, as I mentioned, initiate our subscription program, it is a relatively small part of the overall portfolio of what we're selling today online, but we're learning a lot of really interesting things about what our customers want. And a lot of those things are brands like 4health. I mean, we're seeing a pretty high concentration and penetration of sales there as well as some of the branded products. So again, it kind of all goes back to this one integrated experience and really the value ONETractor brings, that whole strategy.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, great. This is Steve. Let me take that one. First off, I've already talked a little bit about the Buy Online, Pickup in Store program. We'll continue to communicate that message to our customers because we think that there's great value in that. And over time, I think that that will continue to grow as more and more people gravitate toward it. Our operations team has done a fantastic job making sure that we're taking care of our customer. And that, like as I said, will continue to expand. In terms of Neighbor's Club, there's more color probably here I can give you. It has anniversaried now. We have hired a VP of CRM and we're building out the analytics team today. And we're really digging down into the information. And it's given us a better sense of who and what our customers are looking for from us because now we're able to capture the whole 360 of that customer. And even in Q1 itself, we were able to alter some of the e-mail communication going out to these customers because we've got all these new e-mail addresses talking longer about the weather up north where we could support, and that helped us during Q1 drive some of those cold weather sales. And at the same time, while it was getting warm down south, we were able to geo-target some of those customers and get out in front of that as well. So that's going to do nothing but add longer-term value. Looking at segmentation, being able to communicate to you all in the future on frequency of shop, on spend by customer now that we've anniversaried this, is all into the future. And I will tell you that the enrollment of our Neighbor's Club program is giving us confidence that in the long haul, we'll be able to use this as a real sales driver and loyalty tool for the future.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, this is Steve again. I would tell you that we're actually very proactive in this front. Kurt mentioned a few things. I will tell you that as we look forward, we are working on three or four different tests on delivery today. And delivery from store is still something that we're working toward in testing. So as customers continue to tell us what they're looking for from us as we move forward with many of these initiatives, we will continue to evolve with the needs of those customers. And I think we're really well-positioned with 1,700 stores across the United States to be able to accommodate their needs. And using our stores really as a central hub, not just for them to come in but for us to ship from, is going to be a real differentiator for us into the future.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, let me go ahead and start with that, Matt. What I would tell you is when we got through the first four weeks of the year, we were feeling pretty good about the way that the sales cycle looked. And figuring what we had already put behind us and with a normal spring, I think we probably would have actually exceeded the comp sales that we had for Q1. If you look at March specifically, Tractor Supply has done a really nice job building out a cold weather business up north. And as that business kind of stayed up there, I will tell you that I can't say that we traded sales between spring and north equally. I think we gave up some opportunity quite frankly on the upside when it came to the spring season from the northern part of the country. But we were able to get some benefit from keeping and being nimble on a lot of the cold weather products and working with our vendors to make sure – we were spoon-feeding those stores up north to capture every possible sale that we could. At the same time, if you look at the southern part of the country, March didn't play all that bad. We were able to get some benefit from a lot of the southern parts of the U.S. Unfortunately, it just wasn't enough to offset the lack of spring that we had up north. Now as we look forward, what I can tell you is as we've been through plenty of cycles here at Tractor Supply Company, weather is a factor when you support a customer that lives Out Here, and we anticipate that the grass will grow up north and it will get warmer, and we're prepared to capture those sales. The big question for me, having been through many of these cycles, is how many of those will we capture here in Q2 and will there be any prolonged or spillover into the early part of third quarter. That's the one thing for the northern tier right now that we're watching very closely, and we're making sure that our supply chain and our vendors are ready to strike if that is the case.
Steve K. Barbarick: Sure. I always like getting a question about what am I getting excited about because I get excited about a lot of things. One of the things I would tell you is, having been with the organization as long as I have, there's probably as much energy and enthusiasm that I've seen quite frankly in a long window of time just because there are so many exciting things going on. In terms of product, I would tell you, and I mentioned earlier, the Husqvarna brand continues to exceed our expectations. And we're not giving up on branded products whatsoever. There's a variety of things we're doing within the box along with some Scotts product and a few other categories and tools that I think are really going to help move our business forward. In addition to that, we're making good strides in a lot of our exclusive brands and private brands. And whether it's the launch of these, whether it's getting behind them with more social media, we're really seeing these brands resonate with our customers and that's driving some loyalty. The last comment I would make on product is even the inside of our stores. So many of you maybe know that we've got this ONETractor concept store. So far we've got, I guess, now we're up to four stores that have opened; three new, one retrofit. All of them are exceeding their original forecast in terms of sales. As we move forward, we're going to be adding probably 40, 50 of our new stores into this concept as well as retrofitting a number of stores because we think it's adding value to the box, our customers, and our own operational efficiencies. That's really on the product side. The only last thing I'll share with you is I wouldn't minimize the benefit we're going to get from customer engagement. There's a lot of activity taking place there, and I think us being able to reach out to our consumers through e-mail and building that out is really critical to the future of our organization. And the last thing, and Greg said it very well, is really all the energy we've got around our ONETractor initiatives and what we're doing with online and fusing the box along with the digital side of our business so that we're really this whole idea of ONETractor and the ONETractor brand. Specifically to ticket, we've got a variety of things that we brought into the stores that are at a little higher price points, and we still see opportunity there. We're working on a financing program that's a little more competitive than what we maybe have seen in the past that we think will add value. But we really won't know the value of that financing program until we get a little further into the season and see how it resonates with our customers with a lot of the OPE lines that we have. But it's something that we're working on.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. Let me start with that one, and we get that question, it's a great question to have. A couple thoughts. First off, we do have stores in 49 states which benefits us as an organization, so we're not geographically confined to just the northern tier of the country. If we were, I would tell you that I would certainly be even more anxious. I do believe that when it comes to mowers in spring, it's a little different than in the colder season, and I say that because you can delay buying jackets an insulated if you get close to the end of the season. But if you break your lawnmower, you need a lawnmower. And so for us knowing that there's still this window in front of us, we believe we're going to capture the vast majority of what the needs of our customers are going to be. The key for Tractor is making sure that we're nimble enough to have the inventory there when we get the rush of customers that all come in within the short window of time potentially. That's the key. And so our supply chain is working right now. You heard Kurt talk about the investments in these transload centers. And our DC network is prepared to start pushing that trigger on an as-needed basis as the weather continues to get warmer and warmer. So I think we're really in a good solid position. We just got to make sure that it's incumbent upon us now to capture the demand that comes in based on our levels of inventory.
Steve K. Barbarick: And Peter, the only thing I would add is, first off, I'm going (48:29) on talking about deflation; it seems like we're talking about deflation for years. One of the benefits we have are the pricing tools we've talked about. The investments we've made in a lot of these pricing tools have given us a better insight into the elasticity of the product. Where we can move ahead retails as prices come toward us, we do. But we're watching it very, very closely with all the tools that we've got.
Steve K. Barbarick: Liz, this is Steve. And I'm not sure that we've necessarily broken it out and defined it exactly that way. And the reason I say that is that even in for 4health, we've got a strong following, but it's pet food, right? And so if you're in the business and you just need pet food, you can buy pet food, but we see the value of that product. So we know a third of our business is in private-branded product. In addition to that, we do carry brands that are somewhat unique to our channel as well as to Tractor Supply, and I'll use the example of things like Bad Boy Mowers. Even MTD, to a certain extent, is more dealer-based, but they work with Tractor and not a lot of the farm and ranch chains; the Purina Checkerboard. So I'd almost need to go through and really work hard to try to come up with a real good specific answer for you. Where we focus most is on differentiation. So I'll use one last example and leave you with that, and that is 5-gallon buckets of lubricants are much more important to us than consumer passenger motor oil. And that's where our focus traditionally has been and that's what differentiates us from many of the big boxes or even the pet specialty chains is where we think we can win. So that's the best I can do to try to quantify.
Steve K. Barbarick: Great question. We're today using the digital pricing tools in just a handful of categories and just a few stores. And really, it's to get a read on it, how it works operationally for Tractor Supply Company. Do I see a mass rollout of this anytime soon? Probably not. But we're a test and learn company. And as we get more findings and understanding of how that operates, we'll move forward with it. We feel like we're in a pretty good position the way we're managing it today. We can be pretty nimble the way we operate, but it is something that's being tested.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah. Michael, this is Kurt. As we look at the quarter, as Greg mentioned the strength of our quarter, we capitalized on the colder weather seasons even into the month of March but also we're able to see strength in the month of March on our core everyday products. So the way we assess March is that we were able to see some strength in the cold weather product along with the core side of the business that was able to somewhat offset the softness in a delayed spring season.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, Seth, that's a good question. On the 25 basis points, I would say part of it is and part is not. There's really three factors in that. The most significant part is what I mentioned in that the colder weather brought higher store occupancy costs specific to utility, other maintenance-related type items. And that necessarily was – with colder temperatures than expected, it wasn't in the factors. The other half of that is in a couple other areas we had some specific costs, corporate leave, related to employee benefits, specifically to medical, that were in the long-term, part of our overall cost structure for 2018, but specific to the first quarter. As well as we ramped up our West and East Coast transport centers and staged spring import seasonal products to allow us to be ready to distribute quickly to the right forward locations, having that ramped up in lieu (31:52) gave a little bit of additional cost specific to the pre-spring seasonal that, again, discrete to Q1.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah. Matt, this is Kurt. I would say it's so early in the season, and the impact like Steve said on Q2, it's really hard to predict that. I'll go back to what we've said when you look at the halves that we anticipate that the first half will have a higher comp than the second half. We anticipate that the first half, the best we see it today, will be at/or potentially above the annual range of a 2% to 3% comp for 2018. So we believe that when the spring season hits, it accelerates pretty fast with the warm weather. And so to Steve's point, whether that hits in what particular period or does it spillover, that's yet to be seen. A lot of the season ahead of us. As we predict out, and you look at Q1's performance, it still could end up being the strongest comp performance for the year. But as you look at Q2 and Q3, that still blends out to a comp in the first half of the year as to what we guided.
Kurt D. Barton: Simeon, this is Kurt. As Steve mentioned when he address the financing earlier, I would say it's very early in our season. But in regards to watching where we've started, you may have seen in our stores the additional deferred financing programs, the emphasis on low monthly payments that resonates with our customer. I would tell you while very early we are pleased with the upside that we see, and we believe it's a key part to combining and be able to partner with the merchandising, new assortments, bigger ticket items, and the ability to sell with it. We will have more information at the end of Q2 where we're able to talk more about the benefit from the new financing programs.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure. I'll start with that and then I'll let Steve follow on that. In regards to what we see, for first quarter we've seen now a net modest benefit from inflation during the first quarter and we continue to take a strong look at and we monitor those key input items, the corn, the petroleum, and the steel side of it, and those items can vary a bit. I would say that some of the inflation in the first quarter that we saw came from areas specific to heating. So that may be discrete to a Q1 but we're anticipating that we'll continue to see some net modest inflation throughout the rest of the year.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, yeah. It's the latter that you referred to. What I would say is it's not as much of what we've seen today as much as historically as we've seen this. As there's colder weather there's also, in the last few months, higher moisture – February, March, and even April. And historically, as we've seen that, that bodes well for the spring selling season when that warm weather comes, but also allowing us in certain geographic markets to have that prolonged season, and Steve spoke to that in regards to the north and other areas. So we look at it and say there is the potential for that as you're trying to assess where these spring sales may occur throughout the cadence of the year.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, Chris. This is Kurt. I would start by saying this. As we look at first quarter and even outlook into the next couple quarters, I mean, we're executing the plan that we laid out and it's consistent with our expectations. The cost pressures are relatively in line with our expectations. And we said that 2018, we'd be facing transportation cost new levels. We'd be investing in our wages and our labor of our team members as well as ONETractor. So the key answer to your question is two things. One, those are a step up in the investments in 2018 that we'll cycle and leverage in 2019 and beyond. And these investments in ONETractor, a number of the things we've just talked about, are starting to take hold. And you combine the plateauing of that, of the cost pressures with the tailwinds and benefit from our investments, is where we believe the operating profit margins begin to rebound back beyond 2018.
Kurt D. Barton: Chris, I'll start on that. This is Kurt. And I would say with the Texas market, I will say that in general for the first quarter, they had more normalized weather than some of the other parts of it. So the performance in the Texas-Oklahoma area, southwest, was strong for the first quarter. And I would say a part of that is we're starting to see a transition from that being a headwind to neutralize to actually a bit of a start of a tailwind, nothing of a robust nature that we saw a handful of years ago. And in the ag and farm economy areas, most of that is in the Midwest area. And at this point, the weather is a bigger factor than anything. And when you look at Q1, hard to say whether or not the ag economy had any impact and it's more of a weather factor at this point. And last thing I'd say is what we've said. Our customer is not the production ag customer and ag farm economy does not have a strong correlation necessarily to our comp performance. Weather has a greater impact to it in that industry.
Kurt D. Barton: The only thing, as an example, what you don't see in the proxy is the emphasis we have on ROIC. And we've mentioned a couple times, even at the Analyst Day, our operational efficiency and productivity initiatives, and ROIC is a core part of that because management looks at and is accountable to key factors and measurements that build up to, and we focus on ROIC. So I just want to use that as an example to emphasize ROIC is part of one of our top few driving metrics for performance within Tractor Supply.
