Mary Pilkington: Thank you, Carol, and good morning, everyone. On the call today are Hal Lawton, our CEO; and Kurt Barton, our CFO. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the call up for your questions. Seth Estep, our EVP and Chief Merchandising Officer, will join us for the question-and-answer session.  Now let me reference the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including future operating and financial performance of the company. In many cases, these risks and uncertainties are beyond our control. Although the company believes the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such explanations or any -- or its expectations or any of its forward-looking statements will prove to be correct, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements are included at the end of the press release issued today and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information contained in this call is accurate only as of the date discussed. Investors should not assume that statements will remain operative at a later time. Tractor Supply undertakes no obligation to update any information discussed in this call. Given the time constraints and the number of people who want to participate, we ask that you please limit your questions to 1 with a quick related followup. I appreciate your cooperation. We will be available after the call for followup.  Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Hal.
Mary Pilkington: This is Mary Winn. I am going to ask that everyone please keep to 1 question and 1 follow-up. We have a lot of people in the queue, and we'd like to be able to get to as many people as possible. So thank you.
Mary Pilkington: Operator, Carol, we have reached the top of the hour, but given the number of people we have in the queue, I would elect the call go for a few minutes longer. So maybe, we will move to the next question.
Mary Pilkington: Well, thank you very much, Carol. And I'm glad we were able to get a few more people in there for the Q&A. So thank you all for your cooperation. This does conclude our call today, and thank you for joining us. We look forward to speaking to you on our third quarter call in October. And I'm around along with Marianne if anyone needs anything. So thank you all. Take care.
Harry Lawton: Kate, absolutely. Thanks for the question. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, operating at kind of 20%, 25%, 30% comps plus for 13-plus weeks puts some strains on the business that we've not seen historically and really proud of how the team worked through all those challenges to meet the needs of our customers. And inventory has certainly been one of those challenges. And we've taken a number of actions to lean into that in terms of increasing our visibility of forecast with our vendors, obviously increasing receipts and working very closely with them, and in a minute I will ask Seth to talk a little bit more about our vendor interactions. But what I'd say is we would like to have more inventory in our stores.  We would like our inventory levels to be -- in-stock levels to be higher right now. And we are working very closely with our vendors to do that. In many cases, we're selling product right when it comes off the back of a truck. As an example, we are I think the largest seller of stock tanks in the United States. We are selling close to $2,500 of those a week. Our manufacturer is able to make $3,000 a week. So as soon as we get a truck, they hit the floor or hit the outside in the side lot. And we've got will calls and our customers taking them immediately off the lot. And so, again, we wish we had more inventory. We're very focused on getting more in our stores. We're very focused on getting our in-stock levels, and we're working very closely with our vendors on that. And I'll turn it over to Seth to maybe just make a few more comments on that front.
Harry Lawton: Yes. So we're monitoring repeat purchase rates of all of our new customers and our reacquired customers. It's a regular muscle and analytical skills that we have set up. It was part of all the work the team did in Q1 of this year and into Q4 last year as we migrated the platform to Microsoft Azure, and we're able to leverage the analytical tool set that comes along with that. And what we are seeing is that we're continuing to see strong new customer counts, we're continuing to see strong reacquired customer counts and we're seeing them shop with us a second and third time at a higher rate than they have historically with us. And those trends have been very consistent from the early days of the pandemic up until now.  And as I mentioned, they've had a -- early on, there were probably slightly more rural. I'd say now it's -- or slightly more suburban. Now it's kind of moderating. It's kind of reasonably mix between suburban and rural. It does have a tendency to be a little more female, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. And then online, whether it's direct ship sales or buy online, pickup in store with curbside pickup, does over penetrate some with those new customers. But they're giving us a strong customer satisfaction scores. And in their surveys, they're saying they intend to repeat shopping with us. And then in their actions, they are continuing to shop with us as well. And our aspiration is to invest significantly in digital and national marketing as well as specifically in the -- in our CRM toolkit to continue to engage those customers. And of course, that's one of the reasons we hired 5,000 new team members this quarter, net new team members, was to provide that legendary customer service that we're known for and ensuring that we can serve effectively the increased counts of customers we have in our stores.
Harry Lawton: Great question. And I don't think I've got the crystal ball in front of me on that one. But what I can -- and I would acknowledge just the wide range of uncertainties over the next 18 to 24 months, but I'll reference -- I'll start by referencing what we talked about in our prepared remarks is that we're planning for the COVID-19 pandemic to be a significant factor in the United States and in consumer shopping behavior, at least through the middle of next year. And we're bind to that. We're building our assortment plans around that, and we're putting in place our operational plans to support that.  As we look beyond that, that's where we're -- that's why we're talking about growth initiatives today. We truly are focused on emerging as a stronger company than we entered this pandemic. And we're going to -- we're investing in things like our FAST team to make us more operationally efficient, we're investing in technology to make us easier to do business with, and importantly, we're looking at our format and our store and saying, how do we make it more productive. And for those of you that have followed our business for quite some time, it's been a while since we've gone on a strong space productivity improvement initiative inside of our stores. And we're very -- it's early days, but we like what we see in terms of the initial actions we're taking on the space productivity program, project fusion in our stores, and we're doing 75 of those this year. And then the side lot has always been a -- I think, by all accounts, a big opportunity for us. We've got anywhere between 15,000 to 20,000 square feet in our side lot. It's kind of concrete slab.  Typically, it just holds most of our agricultural products out there. And you think about a lot of other retailers that have a similar side lot and how much more efficient they use that. And so we've got 75 stores that we're standing up this year that radically, radically transform our side lot. And our goal is to see how those 2 different 75 store tests play out as we get through the fall. And then more to come from us on how we would expand that into next year and the years beyond. And like I said, we're investing in from a position of strength right now. We're not sitting on our laurels. We want to lock in these new customers. We want to transform our business, make it a more attractive company to retail to come shop at and also a more efficient retailer as well. And so at this point in time, I'm not sure I could predict the comp for Q3 of next year, but what I can tell you is we're leaning in to make sure that as we exit the pandemic that we've taken all the time we have here to make our company a better company exiting the pandemic.
Harry Lawton: Yes. So we're not prepared to talk about targets and what we think our goals are yet. We've got these 75 stores in each of the pilots that we're standing up here in the fall. And as we get more data and see the performance of those, we'll certainly share that as appropriate. What I would say is both of them are -- both of the tests are step changes in the company's value proposition and in our format. And notably, in the -- inside the store, it's a significant step forward in how we allocate space, cutting in new programs and new categories and brands, more room for lay down areas to bulk out product and drive sales. And much more clarity around the connectivity of aisles and looking at all -- every SKU has to earn its way. Every program has to earn its way into the store. And Seth and the team have just done a fantastic job in leveraging data to really redefine what that store should look like.  The side lot is a -- it's hard to express [indiscernible] radical transformation. You were basically taking the 15,000 square feet that we have there now, shifting it over to compressing it to about 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 square feet through racking that kind of merchandise this product. If you walked our store, you'll see stock tanks, you'll see corals, you'll see gates. And typically, a lot of times, they're laying on the floor bundled together. We're now putting these up and racking. We're now merchandising that they're shoppable. We're opening up the drive-throughs with automatic gates that allow customers to drive through and pick up. We're looking at certain categories like garden. We're looking at feed and how you drive through and do drive-through pickup on feed. We also selected high-volume buy online, pick up in store orders, so you can do drive through buy online, pick up in store, you don't have to wait out front for it. We're dedicating staffing for outside.  We're putting new Theatro headsets in all of the stores. So that, that way, our team members can talk to each other and manage what will be really, in essence, move from a 15,000 to 18,000 square foot store to a 30,000 to 35,000 square foot store. The side lot will now be covered going forward, much like what you might see in some of the more larger mass and home center stores. So it is a significantly different store than it was before when we were done with these productivity program rollouts. And we're very excited about the opportunity. It gives us an opportunity to really transform the productivity of the outside to bring new categories in. Seth was very involved and kind of led our CUE transformation in 2009, and we think this has an opportunity to serve as another step change for us going forward.
Harry Lawton: There will be some modest SKU count, but certainly, those additionals -- that would be more reflective of the outdoor area, where we've got new square footage that we're merchandising. But we're still very focused on space productivity and inventory productivity. But there will be some add of SKUs and some add of inventory to support those higher sales volumes that we're anticipating.
Harry Lawton: Yes. So let me kind of hit a few of those. First off, we are working methodically through the core tasks that we put on our stores and looking to make them more efficient such that we can shift those hours to customer-facing. And as you mentioned, that's been a program that's tried and true and been executed across many other retailers very successfully. We started that last year with the Tractor Way program. That is our #1 task that we ask our team members to do is to receive a truck and get the product to the shelves. And we implemented with technology and with process, a significantly improved approach to that. The next biggest task that we had is the merchandising activity that happens in our stores, whether it's seasonal resets, End Cap executions, what we call FCIs, which are resets of certain categories at the completion of the line review, et cetera.  And that's our second largest activity. And as you know, right now, we use existing labor in our stores to execute that. It's again, tried and true across retail. When you could aggregate a team and have them focused solely on those executions and those tasks, they are efficient, you get more efficient because they're putting together -- they're doing the same reset across 15, 20 stores at a time. You also get more efficient in your processes and your systems to drive that execution, whether it's the way you build your planograms, whether it's the way that you load your product on the -- as it comes into the store on pallets and gets set aside, et cetera. And so we are very committed to just driving tasks down in our stores, making it more efficient and shifting it to our customer service. And this is all about how do we make our company more productive, how do we continue to make our company all resources count.  As it relates to the funding for those headcounts, as you said, it is very common in the industry for the vendors to support that sort of program, and I was kind of implying that in my remarks because the activities are directly related to the on-shelf execution of those vendors' programs. We have a vendor conference in a month, and this is one of the discussion points we'll be having with them. And then also, over time, as our stores get more efficient in their tasking, I do think there's opportunity for our payroll to be more efficient in the stores as well. So in the long term, while we have some incremental investment we're making in this team in Q3 and it will slide a little bit into Q4, in the long term, we think this cost is transitory, not structural.
Harry Lawton: Yes. It's a little bit of both, Scott. So we all read the same data sets on kind of about mobile data and seeing where people are in the United States, and you're seeing less density of mobile data in cities, and you're seeing more density in suburbia and even more density than past in rural. And when we look at our customers and these new customers and reacquired customers, we're seeing that. It's people have left the cities where we don't have stores. They're moving into suburbans -- they're moving out of the suburbs, so they're moving out to the rural communities. They're embracing the Out Here lifestyle some, and they're shopping Tractor Supply because we are that lifestyle.  And then for the customer -- but we also are gaining share with customers that are already out here, so to speak. And I think it's coming from a -- and it's coming from a variety of places. So -- and I'll head into the categories, just to give you some examples. So in apparel, where our sales have been strong, as we said, all categories were double-digit comping. We think that we are benefiting from trip consolidation there. Instead of customers going to a stand-alone apparel or retailer and they get about that 1 or 2 items and do they really want to kind of take on that kind of safety kind of element, they're coming into Tractor Supply. They're already going to be in there to buy maybe pet food or animal feed, and they're picking up their clothes while they're in there or boots or any other item that we have in the apparel area.  Then you think about pet, all-time high pet adoption, a lot of new customers in the market or maybe customers that used to shop for pet food in say Mars. Our store being 15,000 to 18,000 square feet with a big focus on safety, and we've been very vocal about that. I think we're a kind of convenient location. We're probably -- and many of our customers, in fact, our #1 customer shopping criteria when we do our survey results right now is safety and cleanliness. And we have leaned into that from our actions and then also in our marketing. And so we think we're capturing some of that share, where just people are more comfortable coming into our store. And then you go around on pet feed. There, we think we're taking share from some of our farm and ranch competitors, who maybe are having more difficulty getting access to product right now. As you all know, some of the co-op chains are maybe having a little more of a struggle. And we think this is where the scale of Tractor Supply and being the size that we are and the connections that we have with our vendors, as Seth talked about earlier, really allows us to stay in stock and service that essential retailer for those customers. And we've been very focused, as Kurt was mentioning earlier on, everyday low price. Our pricing in pet food and animal feed right now is as sharp as it's ever been.  And then you go all the way around into garden. And we think we've gained a lot of share in garden this year. And it's been a great spring. But we think even in the context of that spring, we've gained a lot of share. And I think that speaks again to our format. I think the merchandising team did a great job setting ourselves up for garden this year. We are planning on taking a big swing in that category this year. And it really worked out well for us as customers said, "hey, I'd rather really go to a 13,000, 15,000, 18,000 square foot store, where I feel comfortable going in, I can get in and out quickly, usually a standalone parking lot, not an overwhelmed parking lot." And the products that we have in our stores are equivalent to really what the other options they have elsewhere. So it's a little bit of both, new customers, existing customers, and on existing customers, I think we're taking it from many of the places you would think they would have historically shopped. The last thing I'll mention is online. We've been aggressive online. We mentioned the triple-digit online growth that we had this quarter. And we think we're holding our own and taking share online as well from whether it's multichannel players or from e-commerce only.
Harry Lawton: Yes, Matt, and thanks for the question. Yes, I'd say, 2 things I would say on that. First off, in March, in mid-March, when we had kind of our meet and greet up in New York, we did talk about space productivity. And I'd say that was kind of early days thinking, if you recall that we were sharing with you and saying we thought this was an opportunity and we were going to go start to take -- put plans in place to attack the opportunity. The first thing I'd say is just outstanding work by Seth and his team and John Ordus and his team and our construction team. We're in the midst of a pandemic, and we're doing all this activity to support our team members, all this activity to drive the business in the midst of it. They're also putting in place plans to address base productivity strategically and look out 18 months, 2 years, 3 years. So first off, I'd say we didn't really have a road map in place in March when we talked about it. It was more of an idea. And over the last 3 to 4 months, the team has kind of not only walked and chewed gum at the same time but jumped rope and pulled together what I think is a very compelling, a potentially transformative plan for the company. The second thing I'd say is we are leaning into those tests in a more aggressive way, given the strength of our business right now though we might have otherwise. We're doing 75 of each one of those stores, which is a pretty aggressive swing for a pilot, but that just demonstrates the bullishness that we have in the solution and also the speed at which we want to execute once we get the data sets out of the pilots.
