Hal Lawton: Steve, of our now 21 million-plus Neighbor's Club members. And like kind of all loyalty programs, we try to -- as we created in this case three tiers, we tried to kind of reasonably distribute it with kind of a decreasing proportion across each of the three buckets. And then we also tried to create tier levels that would naturally encourage upward migration and discourage downward migration. I would say a few things. As we talked about on the call, our Neighbor's Club members now account for over 65% of our sales. Our retention rate on our Neighbor's Club members is over 80%, very strong retention rate on an annualized basis. And as we said, our highest -- our third tier of spending, which is the -- the Neighbor's Club Premium Plus, the retention rates there are over 95%. So we're seeing significant upward migration. We're seeing reduced downward migration. And the final thing I'll make a mention of is that our Neighbor's Club members, they make two more trips quarter on average than our non-Neighbor’s Club members. And our Neighbor's Club members had spent over $1,000 a year. We've got almost $2.5 million of those and that's increasing kind of on a daily basis. So, it's a very robust program with its 21-plus million members. We've seen over 5 million members join us in the last 12 months. We're seeing outstanding retention. We're seeing excellent migration. As we migrate them, the retentions are holding and actually improving, and we've seen a significant positive response to the roll out of the new program. As mentioned in our prepared remarks, since the roll out of the program, our Neighbor's Club members are significantly outcomping our overall chain average.
Hal Lawton: Yes. So our customer repeat shopping trends continue to remain very high. New customer retention rates continue to hover in that kind of 50-ish percent similar to last quarter and the previous quarters. And our customer -- our new customer counts were only slightly below our new customer counts from Q2 2020. And so for us, there's a lot of good news on the customer side. We saw 11 million last year. We saw 2.6 million, nearly 3 million in Q1. We're seeing kind of 50%-plus retention rates on those new customers. The way -- kind of an interesting way to think about it is, on the 11 million new customers we saw last year, 6 million have shopped with us again and 3 million of those joined the Neighbor's Club program. And so that's just -- if you think about that walk just some outstanding metrics retention, conversion to the Neighbor's Club program. And then again this quarter, we are seeing new customer counts nearly the same as the second quarter of 2020 at the beginning of the pandemic.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey, Simeon, how are you? I'd start out with -- at the highest level, I'd say, there still continues to be a lot of uncertainty in the United States economy and globally, whether that's on -- certainly as it relates to COVID, the delta variant, the implications that has on mobility and on customer shopping behaviors. I'd say, if you track back to our October enhanced earnings day last year, kind of implied a bit in the graphic Kurt showed with a bit more of a return to normal mentality at some point that was more abrupt in nature. And I'd say, I think as we're all watching how COVID's playing out, that's certainly not the case. And so I'd also say that our business continues to evolve. And if you think back to them, we were talking about 50-50 on structural versus transitory in terms of trends. And I think we'd lean more towards structural now in the way we view our trend. If you think about pet, if you think about the millennial customer, if you think about homesteading, kind of rural revitalization, categories like poultry as an example. So last year, as we've said several times, we sold 11 million birds, half of those were to new customers. We're seeing, as mentioned by Kurt in his prepared remarks, outstanding retention of those customers last year that shopped with us on poultry coming back again this year. In fact, our retention rate is higher than any other animal feed or pet. So, I mean, it just shows you that the trends that began last year are really resonating and resilient and that momentum that we're seeing with our customers and in our business and with the lifestyle -- the Out Here lifestyle that we appeal to is holding incredibly strong. And I think in my prepared remarks I talked about the fact that between Q2 of 2020 and Q1 of 2021, we had grown $3 billion and 34% comps. And we were kind of coming into Q2, I think like many companies with certainly us wondering how we would comp the comp and we had guided to kind of flattish at the beginning of the year for that and perhaps even a little down and finished with a plus 10.5%, certainly exceeded our expectations. And it's really all about the underlying trends, the strength in our consumer behavior, new customers and the appeal of that Out Here lifestyle. And I think there is still a lot of uncertainty in the out years and quarters, but I would say we feel more confident in the structural orientation of the trends than we did last October.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Michael, how are you and thanks for joining our call this morning. Yes, I'll start with the fact that we're confident. We're taking share really across every major category that we have in the business, both in stores and online. If you look at the profile between new customers, existing customers, both are showing strong comp, transaction growth, average ticket growth, and as I said in our prepared remarks, more customers are shopping trucks more than ever, they are visiting us more frequently and they are shopping -- they are spending more when they are shopping us. What I would say is, we participate in a very attractive large $110 billion market, where our share kind of based on our new guidance would be barely above 10%. There is a lot of share gain out there and also a lot of share to still be competed with. We're dominantly very focused on our customer and just making sure that the initiatives and the actions that we take are out there to create the best customer experience that we can, whether that's investments in our team members to drive that legendary customer service or investments in inventory to ensure we're in stock for our customers. I would say, as it relates to the promotional environment, we've not -- we've had very little to no promotions in Q1 and Q2 of this year and that's our expectation really for the balance of the year. And I really expect the competitive environment to remain similar for no other reason because of the supply/demand situation that's out there. And the global supply chain is disrupted as I've seen it in my 25 plus years in retail and everyone is working hard to just keep inventory in their stores. And I think that mindset would prevail over any sort of promotional share push that anyone has. I would also just comment that we don't directly compete with really any primary retailer. Being a lifestyle retailer, one of our benefits is that we play across a handful of large categories that are uniquely tailored to our customer, but typically, when we are competing with other companies, it's on a one-off category basis and we really appeal to that whole lifestyle. But I don't anticipate an increase in the promotional environment in the market or certainly for us anywhere near on the near or medium term horizon.
Hal Lawton: Yes, hey Chuck, how are you? And thanks for joining the call today. I'd start out with both Fusion and side lot. We are very pleased with the results. And we've made a lot of progress over the last six to nine months on both of these efforts. We've rolled out, as we mentioned, we've got over 160 Fusions done, over 60 side lot transformations done. In addition to the work on those individual stores, we've brought the project management in-house. We're reducing our construction times and lowering costs and we see lots of opportunity to continue to do that as we move forward. Particularly on the side lot, we've iterated on kind of the plans several times and keep optimizing the format every -- as we roll it out. But we are very pleased with the results, with the progress we made in both. On the results, what I'd say is, we typically, I think, kind of historically in retail, it's the same in all my experiences. You start to really get a good feel for how the remodel lift is playing out kind of three to four months after the store kind of reopens and the remodels and complete. Most of our remodels haven't been open that long. So we're really kind of waiting over the next three to six months to start to see how that data set plays out. But what I'd say is, for the stores that have been open kind of over that period of time, they are at the levels that we anticipated in our initial business case. And we have more of those on the Fusion than we do on the side lot. But we're very pleased with the results of both projects. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the customer excitement around us becoming more of a destination in garden has been more significant than we even anticipated and we are even more bullish on that as we move forward. As it relates to the penetration of the kind of how long, we'll -- I think you can expect to hear us share more of that over time. But I'd say directionally over about a five-year time frame, you should think about kind of the Fusion stores for the most -- the vast majority of our stores having Fusion and on side lot really around that 60% to 70%. I think we're feeling more bullish around getting more of our store base done with Fusion than maybe were even six months ago, just the way that project is going, the cost that we're doing at it. They were doing it for the early read on the lift we're seeing and then the need just to continue to kind of remodel our store base.
Hal Lawton: I'd start with our -- our business has over the last 15, 18 months now has remained incredibly consistent and we've said that on a number of calls, consistent across regions, consistent in category trends, consistent week to week, consistent month to month. As we said, all 13 weeks of this past quarter were positive comps, obviously all three months were positive comps. We exited June with strong momentum and even as we certainly -- as a nation, as we've seen this delta variant pickup, we've not seen any impact on our trends whether at a national level or at a regional level and that's very similar to what we observed last year and I think it's almost -- I hate to say, but I think the lack of mobility sometimes driven by these outbreaks actually plays to the benefit of Tractor Supply. I think it's demonstrated that when folks are spending more time at their homes with their families, their pets, their animals, their land, they buy and Tractor Supply to be kind of that one-stop shop resource for them to continue all those hobbies that they love and they are just spending more time doing those hobbies. And so while we certainly want and wish the country to return to normal as fast as possible, the delta variant, we don't see it as a potential threat. If anything, maybe some upside to it from our business results -- from a business results perspective.
Hal Lawton: We want to own Life Out Here and we think we have the credibility to do so and are viewed that way by our customers. And as I mentioned in -- we do an awareness survey of our customers twice a year. In our last earning call, I mentioned our unaided brand awareness in November of 2019 was 37% and then 18 months later, right as we're exiting Q1, it was up to 51%. So we've seen a 14 point -- sorry, a 17 point increase -- 34% to 51%, a 17 increase in our unaided brand awareness. Much of that is obviously our core customer, but a lot of it is off of the millennial customer. And as we mentioned last quarter, we saw a 4 point increase in our millennial customer penetration year-over-year. And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, that trend continued in Q2. So we think the work we're doing in marketing is broadening the aperture of consumers' understanding of Tractor Supply and driving unaided and aided awareness and kind of driving footsteps into our stores. As we said, we continue to have strong comp transactions across the board and we're really excited about the partnership with PVR. We think it's a category that resonates well with our customer and one with over 200 activities a year that we can do a lot of activation across the areas of the country where our customers are. And it will be a great partnership. As I also mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are also -- we have launched a large marketing campaign targeted towards the millennials. And up until now, the majority of our above-the-line marketing has been TV and kind of Facebook based. And on TV, it's really been around news media. And we think that's been very successful for our core customer. Those are the major places that they engage with media. The millennial customer, as we all know, engages in different types of media. They are on Pandora, Spotify, YouTube. And so what this led us do is actually create a very different creative concept called Welcome to Life Out Here, explaining who Tractor Supply is and then talk about those first two, three hobbies that they might engage in: backyard poultry, backyard gardening, pets, things like that. They are kind of starter categories, if you will, in Life Out Here. We're very excited about that work and the initial feedback from customers is outstanding. And just hats off to the marketing team for all the work they've done to really drive awareness of our business and drive footsteps into our store.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Zack, it's Hal. And again thanks for joining the call today and I'd say a few things. First off, on the scale advantage, it'd say it dominantly gives us an opportunity in the market. With our 8 distribution centers, moving towards 11, the relationships that we have with our vendors and the meaningfulness of that, with the technology investments we're able to make. As an example every single one of our team members wears a Theater headset that really creates an optimal customer service experience in the stores. We're in the process of rolling out new handheld devices for every team member inside the stores as well. Those sorts of investments are enabled by our scale and they are enabled -- and they are really focused on helping us create, gain and capture market share and drive top line sales. And as we've talked many times, our main goal is to grow at a rate faster than the market. That's what's implied in our long-term operating trends and that's how our business is performing now. And then on the operating profit rate, as you said, we've been able to - our outlook is to hold SG&A flat or down and we've been - we've done that over the last six quarters and anticipate continuing to do so. So as we've grown our sales and grown our sales base, we've been reinvesting in the business, but doing at a point where we're not deleveraging there and it's - whether it's in the capital line or in our team member line, and we view our team members as a strategic asset. We are a customer service driven retailer. We are not a retailer where you're going to walk in, pick the item you want, go to a self-checkout and never talk to someone, loading your car yourself and drive away. We are going to help you pick the item, we're going to review, we're going to check you out and we're going to help you loaded in your car. And that that's going to drive sustainable share gain for us. And then on the gross margin rate side, I think we continue to be very pleased that the promotional environment remains very little to none and our inventory position where it is, we are just requiring little to no clearance activity as well. Our hope is that the longer that sustains itself, the more structural that becomes. Right now, we are in a high-cost freight and import environment. That's reflected in our guidance. And we're very pleased with the low promotional nature. It's allowing us to offset those freight and import to allow us to give the guidance that we've given right now. And fully acknowledge, as Kurt said that if sales remain at the rates that they are in Q2 that there would be upside to the guidance that we've given, but we just thought it was prudent at this point to kind of provide the guidance that we had just given the continued level of uncertainty out there.
Kurt Barton: Simeon, this is Kurt. On the cadence over the next few years, as we pointed out, back in October when we launched our new long-term targets in the Life Out Here strategy, we said that we've got consistency in our investment, in the existing stores as we drive productivity with Fusion and side lot, but that where there may be some variation would be on the supply chain as we grow our supply chain, particularly new distribution centers. And so, as you've heard us in the last couple of quarters emphasize the importance of our investment in our supply chain, we are looking to accelerate and would see us shifting some of the supply chain investments earlier in the next few years. And so there may be higher than average in 2021, 2022, even 2023, but over the period of time, it still averages out about the five-year expectation that we gave. And the important thing is the recognition or our confidence in the structural nature of this business and therefore the importance of our timing of investments in the supply chain. So I see 2021 and 2022 pretty consistent in potential on capital as we emphasize ensuring the strength of our supply chain.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Michael, this is Kurt. You stated the results accurate on the last quarter. Let me give quick backdrop and that will lead towards the back half, but we entered the year expecting 100 to 200 basis points of retail inflation throughout the year that quickly produced in Q1 closer to 300 basis points, principally from commodities. And then as we shifted into Q2, at the 350 to 450 basis points of retail benefit from inflation. One, it demonstrates the ability, as Hal mentioned, to be able to adjust pricing appropriately. But the increase in Q2 over Q1 was principally related to transportation costs and other non-commodity type based cost increases. We see in the back half of the year staying at elevated levels. And we would anticipate that the numbers in Q2, it would be at that level and potentially at moderately higher levels throughout the back half. And in this inflation environment, I always like to remind that our merchants in our business, we deal with inflation and deflation every year and they are managing this excellent and we feel we've got the ability right now in the consumer sentiment, the less price elasticity in their behavior to be able to manage the inflation environment very well throughout this year.
Kurt Barton: Hey, Peter, thanks for the question. And two questions, margin second half and then our ability to be nimble and some of the profitability enhancement opportunity. So, on the second half, when we look at the operating margin, here's how we view it and frame it up. Our gross margin in the pandemic was really the source of the beat in the operating margin and we view the second half really about the gross margin performance. We anticipate Q3's gross margin performance where we've got more visibility to Q3 at this point, very much similar in line with the performance of Q2. As we get further into the second half of the year, we've taken a fairly prudent approach. There is more uncertainty beyond one more quarter and we've always given a little bit more certainty on the most recent or the most nearest quarter. For the second half, we've recognized -- or the fourth quarter, we've recognized supply chain disruptions, inflation factors, as well as the holiday season and what level of competitive nature. And so we've certainly reflected some of those uncertainties in the fourth quarter and the operating margin on the back half of the year really rides on our performance with the gross margin. And as I said earlier and second quarter shows, we've really been able to manage in this environment very well. The business is structurally very sound. We have a lot of confidence in our business in our back half and if some of the uncertainties don't play out, we acknowledge there is potentially some upside to the guidance that we've given. In regards to flexibility, we always have strong profit improvement process going on and a few of the factors that we are focused on right now where we've got some ability to be able to adjust would be in the supply chain. The work that we're doing to reduce stem miles and to continue to just lever the size of this organization drive efficiency in there, as well as our ability to be nimble on variable cost. If there is any sort of shift in the momentum of the business, we're able to shift very well in regards to variable costs in both distribution and stores to be able to adjust on that. We've got a solid profit improvement initiative that is driving some of the efficiencies and these are the active offsets that we have going on to be able to help us maintain operating margins well above the 2019 ranges while we're making important investments in the business.
Kurt Barton: As we've said throughout this pandemic, to your point, we've seen over 100 basis points of our operating margin improvement over pre-pandemic really coming from gross margin as you mentioned. We've said that we anticipate, over time, as we cycle the pandemic, we expected somewhat normalization on some of those factors, the promo, the clearance. While we do anticipate and are very disciplined in holding to it everyday low pricing and giving our customers the best price we can, our long-term guidance assume some normalization. Now, we acknowledge that if -- with our guidance shows that a second year in 2021, we'll maintain operating margins of above that long-term target range. And so as we go -- as we get further through 2021, we certainly as we manage this business see as things start to normalize, we'll address the long-term expectations on gross margin, but we're going to always continue to offer strong everyday low pricing. We're going to focus on gaining market share and focus on driving unit growth. So price is going to be very important to us in leveraging the strength of the size of our business to have an efficient and nimble supply chain. So as we get more visibility, we will certainly acknowledge the gross margin, operating margin trends compared to our long-term target. For right now, we're not reaching beyond the visibility in certainly the next couple quarters.
