Gregory A. Sandfort: Hey, good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. With me today are Tony Crudele, our EVP and CFO; Lee Downing, our EVP of Store Operations and Real Estate; and Steve Barbarick, EVP of Merchandising and Marketing is out of town today attending a trade show so he will not be with us. Now although the second quarter did not fully live up to our expectations I am pleased with how our team reacted and managed the business. Weather is always going to play some role in our business results and it is our job to manage successfully to all those types of external factors. What we faced in the second quarter of this year was different than previous years and I believe we reacted accordingly. Now heading into the second quarter we anticipated that the quarter would start slow based on the cool weather patterns and late start to the spring selling season. Based on years past we expected that weather patterns would begin to normalize in May and we would see a spike in the spring seasonal business mid quarter. However that pattern did not hold true this year particularly in our northern markets where the weather turned warmer much later than normal. Instead of a spike we saw a much more gradual build in the seasonal business throughout the quarter. We reacted midway through the quarter by enhancing a few remaining key promotional events focusing on things that would drive sales and traffic while maintaining the integrity of our everyday value pricing model.  These promotions included the advancement of our 4th of July circular by one week, a second and more timely demo days sell event for the northern regions and an improved targeted distribution of our remaining circulars and direct mails. These actions resulted in improved redemption rates and while this had a modest impact on our overall margins in the quarter it did drive sales of seasonal categories midway through the quarter. As weather became less of a factor in the northern markets we noticed a return to more normal sales trends. The momentum continued as the quarter progressed but again this was much more gradual than years past. June sales were strong and that strength has carried over into the first few weeks of July. This has given us confidence that the weaker sales trends in the first half of the year were in fact weather related while our underlying fundamental traffic and core businesses remained healthy with sales that were lost early in the second quarter and as such we adjusted our full year outlook in our business update just two weeks ago. Tony will review the financials of the quarter in more detail but let me give you a few highlights. Comparable transaction count increased 2.3% making this our 25th consecutive quarter of positive comp transaction count. Comparable store sales were positive in each of the three months with the second half of the quarter above our expectations and the first half below our expectations. Regionally comparable store sales in the south significantly outperformed comparable sales in the north and not all spring seasonal sales products performed the same. We observed strength in grass seed, live goods, fencing and riding lawn mowers and in riding lawn movers it's been several years since we've seen a positive year-over-year sales comparison in that category. But on the flip side we saw weakness in the outdoor power equipment such as tillers and chain saws as well as we saw weakness in accessories for mowers, trimmers and in the safe category. So for the quarter we made a number of inventory investments in key categories early on and we were pleased with how these categories performed. And we know that when we support product category from both a merchandizing and branding perspective and we place the inventory we typically do well and drive those sales that were re-targeted in those categories. For example our garden event, another big success again this year and that benefited from further investments in that category in both live goods and core products.  So while the early part of the quarter was not fully inline with our expectations we were pleased with the way it ended and the way that we managed the seasonal business and the underlying strength in our core business throughout the quarter. I'll now turn the call over to Tony for a more detailed review of the financials after which I will offer a few closing comments and forward look on the second half of the year.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Thank you, Tony. Looking forward to the second half of 2014 we are focused on driving sales and operating margin growth for the full year. Last year the spring and summer selling season extended well into the third quarter and we benefited from having inventory in the right mix of seasonal products.  Our success in third quarter last year presents us with a challenging comparison this year but nevertheless we feel we are well prepared given how well we ended the second quarter with inventory and how we have successfully transitioned our assortments toward fall. In the second half of the year we have several merchandising initiatives which we are excited about including a number of direct mail campaigns, looking at a target distribution of our circulars and numerous in-store events focused on driving more footsteps into our stores.  While we will selectively sprinkle in a few individual store level efforts we are diligent in maintaining our everyday value pricing model. We also have our seasonal center court that I should mention where we also introduce new products that also support our customer’s lifestyle and drive business. So in closing I’d like to thank our dedicated team members in the field distribution centers and here at the store support center for all the hard work and dedication to our company and our shareholders and the investment community for your continued support. We feel comfortable about the underlying trends and fundamentals of our business but we recognize that we need to continuously raise the bar on execution to address the external business conditions that can change and have changed around us.  We appreciate your time today. And we will now open the call for your questions.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Michael this is Greg. First of all there is nothing significant that we can see that changed with our customer. They are still being conservative, they are still buying very close to need. What I think we saw was demand shifted later and as demand shifts later a lot of these customer say you know maybe I don’t need to make that investment in x, y and z we clearly saw them not interested this year in some of the outdoor products that in years past that they have performed very well and by the way those are higher margin products that we count on in our second quarter mix. So that’s the first thing. And I think we saw them pull back a little bit from what I’ll discretionary spending on some things.  I don’t think there is any competitive pressures that we can see, that have caused any issues. So I would say to that, no haven’t seen anything and I think in general our consumer will look at forward purchasing a little differently. We are already starting to see a good indication on some early reads and early sell-throughs on fall products in certain categories in our business but I won't get specifics from a competitive standpoint, but that is a very strong indication that they are looking forward, aren’t looking back and that's really what we need from them right now. 
Gregory A. Sandfort: Peter, two things. In some categories like some outdoor power equipment there will be a limited availability because either there is model change over or those manufacturing facilities have already moved on to making snow blowers and other type of winter products. So yeah, there will be some limit to that but we're able to grab some inventory before some of those conversions occurred. So I think we're sitting what we want to be with inventory and we think we can maximize what's left to the season. Again I think the customers, what we’ve seen initial here is that they’re already looking forward which is a good thing but they're still buying to need. And in some of our regions where we have lot of moisture and heat, some of outdoor park equipment categories have been just extraordinarily strong.  And we're basically feeding that business day to day. So mix of things going on right now. Good look at fall forward as well as still trying to capture some of those lost sales from spring. 
Gregory A. Sandfort: There is clearly a lot more research that's going to on before we open these stores because we're going to into new regions David and we’ve spent time out there with the customer base, and our teams here at the store support center with our field people they are replacing out there. So much more focus on understand the consumer before we are out there opening more stores.  The second thing and I’ve mentioned this before, we have a team of people here at the store support center that with any new store that opens in its first 12 months of its life there is bit of a, I’ll call it a babysitting period where they really work very closely with that individual store understanding differences and needs, whether it be floor product, depth of product some change outs and planograms maybe some products that we need to introduce in the store because the customer demands so on and so forth.  So we spend that first 12 months with that new store trying to get that assortment and that new store positioned in that market before we turn it over and put into the run rate of the normal the rest of the company. So it’s a unique process. It takes time, it takes people but it’s paid big dividends for us.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, Dave unfortunately I can’t tell you which categories because from a competitive standpoint, but there are four that are key to our business just as there are three or four to the spring season and there are great indicators of forward look or forward trend and what I can tell with great confidence is we have started off with very, very positive trends and we expect those will continue.
Gregory A. Sandfort: That is correct. And I will say that it echoing what Lee said, you know we still are seeing very consistent traffic and what happened really in the North versus the South was the mix in the basket was so different from a year ago and as the weather is warm in both locations now both parts of the country we are seeing very similar selling patterns, but we are also seeing a nice movement forward in business across the country. So very happy with that so far.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, let me, kind of bracket it for you. The first thing is there have been some comments about volatility but it's really not volatility. This is really I think we can give some great examples of how consistent some things are and the underlying components of the business. Number one, comp store traffic counts, they remain strong. They were very consistent and that's an underlying piece of the core business that the customers are still coming in and making purchases into and other products in store. Second thing the basket, the basket changed quite a bit in the first quarter this year versus a year ago and as the demand increased based upon the warmth of the weather and I hate to use weather but weather did have an impact, it then started to affect how the mix of basket and sales of products were from the stores. So the north and the south look very different in sales for the first five, six months.  This was probably some of the most extreme weather, honestly we've ever seen at least for the time I have been with the company. So we dealt with it but it was clearly a shifting of product mix and demand from consumer of certain products based upon the fact that you get out and either in the yards, work in the gardens, do work outside in general. So underlying it's good. Now deflation had some impact, no question. Deflation played a role but I think generally speaking demand shifted later in the north and the upper mid-west and that we saw pretty normalized business in more mid-west than south.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I can tell you that our unit counts were up in both categories. So we are continuing to take market share.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yes, Chris, July is a return to more normal but we would expect it would be the performance of tractor supply as we known it. Yeah, we did nothing to further assist the business this is just a good solid trend of business that honestly just came later.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yeah. I think when you look at it, I guess we can give you some range but what's interesting is that as we progressed in the quarter, we did start to see the north come back. So as much as we feel that there was little bit of some lost sales there, it did start to moderate some. So when you look across the chain and if you look at it from a full year basis actually the northeast came back very nicely. When you look at some of the range, it's probably somewhere between 300 to 400 basis points of swing between north and the south far as the performance of those regions, when it comes to sort of the spring categories.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well the first thing I would say is that what gives us comfort is the fact that we were having consistent growth in our transaction count at the store. So our customer base continuous to shop with us and it continuous to grow. I would tell you that in many of the products we sell, corn is a very small component. However it’s a good indicator of what can happen with the rest of grains and other mixtures and products in feed and food.  We have not seen any shift downward in quality of the product that the customer is buying or them buying any less of and we saw that back in the earlier part of the recession if you remember you have been following the company back in ’08 we saw customers trading down into lower price feeds and foods, we are not seeing that at all, not seeing at all. As a matter of fact many customers, I think are seeing great value and understanding that, that a better quality feed or food is better for animals. So no indications of that there were some challenges, no question. In the early part of the year with weather and being able to run trucks and get product to stores but that was past us so the second quarter really was more of, it was circled around the demand for other seasonal products and the C.U.E. categories are performing very well, we are very pleased with those and we believe because of that traffic count and the unit increases that business is solid.
Gregory A. Sandfort: This is Greg. I think it’s a simple answer. Some of those what I call discretionary purchases are more ornamental and decorative types things and there is a life to those. Typically you buy them early, you kind of use them and they transition from year-to-year. Our customers typically shop on need, so I think because of the delay and their ability to use some of those products, particularly some of outdoor products they may have made some decision to say no I am going to continue to support the things I need and I am going to move on and I’ll look forward to next season.  And what we did was when we start seeing that trend we started to moderate our inventory levels in those categories and manage ourselves to a successful conclusion. So I don’t think that’s anything unusual particularly given how late the season developed.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Seth, we have a hard look at the back half and we believe we have a very focused approach around SG&A and that’s why we have adjusted our outlook relative to the SG&A where we believe that we can drive some leverage from SG&A in the back half for the year.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, obviously there is some discretionary spend. There is also some initiatives that we’ve been able to manage more efficiently and some that we discontinued to make sure that we don’t spend ahead of the benefits that we receive from some of the key initiatives and we had been able to manage some of the CapEx spend as well around those projects. So we believe that those are few things that we have done relative to drive some expenses and obviously we are always looking at things like managing labor and some of the key occupancy expenses when it comes to repairs and maintenance but at the same time we want to make sure that we take care of our store base.  So it’s a balancing act but we really feel that as we move into the back half the plan that we put together we can achieve some SG&A leverage.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Simeon, this is Greg. I would say two things on that. One is, it was moderate as far as impact on sales and moderate impact on margin, so minimum. What we already had as weather started to change we happened to be, I think in the right place at the right time with some of the promotions we had already put into play. And for example by shifting the July fourth piece up a week that just gave us a little bit of more time to understand where is the customer on some of these products It typically all you are doing is shifting the business typically earlier sometimes versus extending it out but we tried that to see if we get any kind of comp increase out of it. So it had some effect not a large degree of effect. We're already starting to see some turning of the business in the positive direction and the comps as Tony mentioned were significantly better in June and it continued into July. And July has been a month where we’ve changed nothing. It's been exactly the same and we didn't do anything really significant in the month of June, nothing like going out and dropping another piece of circular or circulation for two to three main customers which would be a normal drop for us. We didn't do that.  This was more local store type event, something we can do from inside the store. And I leave with that. 
Gregory A. Sandfort: I can't tell you exactly what's going to come, Simeon. I wish I knew. We do our best to try to track that. I think in general, our pricing structure, our in-stock levels and our offering and mix tends to drive customers to our stores.  We are seeing nice growth, continued growth in our own exclusive brands. That's a range for people to come to our store, you can only buy those at Tractor. So I think this has been something we’ve seen for a while and we see it continuing as we increase the depth and breadth of those assortments in our stores. 
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, a couple of things we have there. We made some significant investments in inventory that we would forecast with our suppliers but we don't buy -- we're not buying the commodity type products, when out there. And the fact that we've been able to build exclusive brands in our company and that's a base of business that we can control from a slow margin and exclusivity standpoint helps us but I’m not in the futures business, don't plan to be. And I think we do a fine job today working that inventory and turning that inventory. We're not having out of stock issues. What we're having more of is trying to look at what's the next level of business in some of our exclusive brands more so than even some of the national brands on occasion. So it's a good mix, and it's good healthy mix. We need both. 
Gregory A. Sandfort: I think -- we are convince now looking on how the business developed, it was primarily weather because as things normalized, when weather normalized business was back to like I said the typical what we would call Tractor Supply performance. So I don't like to use weather as any type of issue but it clearly was driven primarily North and the Coastal side of the Midwest. And that area of the country just didn’t respond until the weather actually warmed and once it did business normalized. So and we are clearly convinced it was the weather.
Gregory A. Sandfort: The answer to that would be yes we did. We actually accelerated in a number of regions beyond plan so significant weakness in the north and in the Mid-Atlantic, significant strength in other parts of the country.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well one of the categories is the riding lawn motor business. It’s been exceptional this year and we don’t know if it’s because honestly the season just developed late and equipment from last year were up or it’s we are going to just -- advantage just likely we have, we have inventory in quality products and maybe people will compete with a sell-through, things like suppliers and chemicals those are business that typically start early in the season and when they came later as they have this year I’ll give an example, we are talking -- we are hearing that cutting of hay this year there is probably still two cuttings left. Well at this time a year ago there would have maybe one.  The twine business is extremely strong and why is that? Well there forecasted more cutting and things so, there is some unusual things year-to-year either happening but they are delayed and are still coming so, you know our biggest challenge right now is managing trying to gain the maximum return on the inventory we have in those categories and then also transitioning to fall and then I said earlier we are very pleased with we are seeing in some of the early indications of the some of the fall sets in some of the northern region and so you know I feel quite good right now about the mixes inventory how things are selling through but is unusual, this is not a typical year that we wouldn’t be seeing some of the selling of some of these products this late in the season.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Mark I have always stated that there is no set numbers for us as far as a target but it will shift between you know seasons this year and we did pull back a little bit on some, I’ll call it import products in the outdoor category and I think it was a good move on merchants’ part because it was a category unfortunately that was soft this year. It wasn’t because of the inventory because the customer just decided that that income was going somewhere else.  We still see growth, we still see the machine behind our product development and sourcing piece of the company growing. I still think that we will see, I don’t know it could 300, 400, 500 basis points of more growth as we get into end of the year and in to next year still so there is no slowing of that conversion but I don’t have a target number to give you. I think it would be wrong to say because it’s a totally different mix between the parts of the business, some piece is a higher percentage others low so look for you know continued improvements and increases in the mix.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Let me address your last piece, there is no false read here. What you got is our consumers last year honestly were caught a little short on a number of categories of products because we had a very what I would gracious long winter. So what we typically have seen in the history of our company is when that happens they start to buy earlier for the next year in an effort not to get caught short and in an effort to make sure that they will start on product. So that's what I think is happening there pulling Vortex aside. As far as the other weather things what you see is extension, ironically this year is -- they are still planting grass seed they are still putting in gardens, they are still cutting hay. There is a number of things that typically would start to be winding down at this time of the year, that are still very vibrant up the Midwest in the coastal areas and the Carolinas and up to the northeast.  So that’s going to play itself out for a while and we are still seeing again some forward buying but I like what we're seeing is the reaction to, I'll call it a late spring but they will come a point of time and it will be right around labor day or shortly before that will shift again and we are in great shape to take advantage of that.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Aram we have been doing that for a number of years now and it's not really promotion. What it is store level, I'll call it customer interactions, whether we would do a farmers market on a weekend in a group of stores in a certain part of the country or we would have a pet swap meet or something. I mean it's all kind of interesting things that our marketing department has researched and developed and they are really local store events that we give the stores the opportunity to execute to and we actually put together a marketing package for them that’s done at the store.  So understand it's not about more promotion and it's not about on sale. This is we are an everyday price value company and that's how customers have come to trust us on pricing. So these are events that draw customers to the store they are primarily geared on the weekends and there is really a menu of things that they can use and we usually give them some guidance but we've been doing this for a number of years now.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Great question, not a simple answer. You know some of the things that I am encouraged about is that we are continuing to find new products and able to take some businesses that we thought had cycled through and were kind of mature and actually breathe some new life into them. We talked a little bit early about the safe business. That business was running hot for a number of years and we knew it's going to soften at some point. So it's one of those things when you look at those businesses and you say how do you offset that, how you continue to grow it well.  Sometimes if a pie gets smaller you have to go and look at how to get more of that pie. But I think in general we are going to continue to do the things that we think we do best and that is introduce new products, use in store events and things to bring customers through, introduce them to new products, make sure we’re in stock and watch those in stock levels and make those investments and really look at maximizing probably three or four key categories each season where we believe we have a dominant position.  You know we've learned that we get behind some of these categories from a merchandise presentation and branding and promotion level we can drive the business and I think we can do it at healthy margin. So there is more for us to do, unfortunately we have seen a little bit of some weather challenges that have gotten in the way but I believe we’ll get back to being the Tractor you know here shortly.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Right the safe category has really been a headwind just the last two quarters so really 2014 and obviously the big driver has been some of the gun control issues that are there, especially the when it surfaced after Sandy Hook. So last year was very, very strong gun safe sales year and again most retailers have talked about that, especially in the sporting goods area about the softness of the industry.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Eric, there are number of things that we are doing differently but again I am reluctant to speak to in specific terms but I can tell you this that we still drive a lot newness into our stores that’s how we learn really where our customer is headed. They give us great indication very early on. So the testing programs are still robust and you will see as you travel our stores you will be able to tell where the focus is at. There is no question, you will see the investment behind inventory, you will see it in some of the promotions that we will run out there in print and online. So I would say to you that the pipeline is still full of new initiatives and new products and we continue to learn from the web business which is interesting there is some things that the web is teaching us about demand and about some products even in some price tiers that we can sell on the web and we are now are feeling that we can sell in store. So both are working nicely in tandem.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well traditionally we start seeing -- if you look at the -- we look at weather maps and we look at those forecasts and what we've seen is that this year in the Southwest and as we go to the Midwest and that no question that more moistures drive broader sales, it drives weed control and bug infestations and all those types of things. So those businesses still have a little bit of running room. But we haven't seen any kind moisture in those areas for a while. We've typically seen the maps showing a lot of drought. So that helped us this year a bit in the south and the southwest. I don't think it's going to give us any great benefit in third quarter. I think it's more you know in the second quarter obviously will benefit from that.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yeah. You are correct. We are still in the testing modes and we are, I would say developing a position now on what we believe will work tractor supply. It is not an additional discount type program as many of these programs turn out to be. This is different and we will be able to tell you more about that as the year progresses.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I think generally speaking because we continue to see footsteps and traffic being very consistent in the store, what happens for us is the web becomes a facilitator and people use it for research. There are some products we are learning though that we can sell on the web and I'll give example of one, chicken coops. Now you may say that it's kind of a silly category to talk about but we can sell very high end coops on the web and much larger scale coops on the web than we can even sell from and really facilitate our presentation in our stores for. And that was an category that to be honest with you we weren’t sure that it was going to work as well as it did. It’s been terrific.  I also say to you that the web also teaches us a little bit about price transparency and when it comes to things like a [drill] that's not going to be a category, I am going to spend a lot of time and money on because honestly that drill is out there from everybody at a price. But I will have it and I will have an assortment so that my customer sort of meets their needs but what I will find is other products in other categories are things that are unique to me that I can offer my customer around that can’t be found on the website or if it is you have to search multiple places to find it. But our whole focus is to use that web piece as an extension of the stores and to use it as a piece of communication as well as to drive commerce and we are very pleased with the progress we are seeing there and what it is again, there is some teaching going in forth between both of those groups, the store level group and the web group on how to manage some of our businesses and what we can sell. 
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yeah, this concludes our second quarter earnings call. I like to thank you all for your interest in Tractor Supply and we look forward to speaking to you again on our third quarter earnings call in October.
Anthony F. Crudele: No, Mike I think I summarized it. The deflation was a little bit less of an impact although it clearly was the largest and then we did benefit from our price optimization and exclusive brands initiatives. So but between clearance which you are correct, it was -- it is relatively modest it was definitely less than 10 basis points and mix and promotion really were the drivers. And when it came to mix, like I had mentioned earlier you had riding lawn mowers which tend to be well below chain average, you also then we were very light in some category that generally are above chain average, some of the key spring categories. So that was the key part of the mix impact and then as consumables continued to increase as a percentage of sales that also caused the mix to be to have an impact. But other than that there was nothing significant relative to the margin.
Anthony F. Crudele: Peter, Tony when it comes to the inbound freight rate there has been a lot of conversion about some of these incremental costs as far as the truck and availability, driver availability that has increased our cost. We do expect to have going forward and we have taken that in consideration in our forecast.  It is somewhat impactful. It does add some basis points to the freight in the impact. But again we believe that we can manage that to that end have included it in our forecast in back half. 
Anthony F. Crudele: As we look at the third quarter, we think that the gross profit is going to probably be more in the flattish range. We think that there is obviously more upside in Q3 than in Q4 because we did have such strong sell-through in the fourth quarter.  If we can continue to get good spring summer sell-through on some of the higher-margin goods there some potential upside there as well. But again just overall we try to stay away from the specific quarter guidance and try to keep it generic to the back half but we believe that there is a little bit more upside to Q3 than there is to Q4 when it comes to gross margin. 
Anthony F. Crudele: David, just to also clarify on that, as we move west the mix of the store is going to be a little larger. So it’s a larger volume store.
Anthony F. Crudele: So I should say you see that in a number of sort of increasing as a percentage of sales, total sales of the company or average store. Some of it is just due to the mix of the stores that we are opening.
Anthony F. Crudele: You know Chuck, the newer stores as we grow in the Southwest are obviously going to be warm weather and as we had indicated earlier the southern stores did produce better than northern stores from a sales perspective. So for the most part we felt very good about the new stores and again they were specifically more in the south and obviously had a better opportunity to perform well during this delayed spring.
Anthony F. Crudele: This is Tony. We have done some analysis in sort of the more rural areas where we would expect the farm income to have an impact and we have not seen any large disparities relative to the performance of the stores in those areas.
Anthony F. Crudele: Jon, this is Tony. The big driver as far as our adjustment to deflation is really corn prices. When we look at the other two factors which is oil and scraps steel are the other two indicators for our business. We did see some flattening out when it came to oil. But as we look at the back half of the year we don’t believe that those two indicators will be a significant driver of the deflation/inflation in the back half.
