Kurt Barton: Hey Scott. This is Kurt, and good morning. First, let me just start by saying, we still see an environment where there's some net inflation year-over-year while modest. Inflation is clearly slowing, but not turning to deflation at this point. And specific to some of the categories, we are seeing, there's areas this year where there's year-over-year deflation, particularly areas like bird feed, livestock feed, corn based. Yeah, there's some level of deflation.  But there's areas like you mentioned, where we're still seeing some level of inflation still in the system, such as pet food. And then there's most of our areas in our product categories, what I describe as they've hit a plateau. It's stable, and we're running pretty consistent. And as that moves to the pipeline, very much consistent with our outlook for this year and beyond, was that we start to moderate down to a low single digit level of inflation in 2023.  Too early to really say for 2024, but the general call would be that things begin to stabilize. Inflation, deflation is not as much of a factor in the average ticket that it's been over the past few years, and it's more stabilized and neutralish. And we're certainly focused on it. This team works consistently in environments of change and inflation, deflation, have a history performing very well. Know that we're monitoring it. I'll be able to share more information on that in the fourth quarter call when we give our outlook for 2024. 
Kurt Barton: Yes, in general, our history has been that in a deflationary environment we're able to leverage our scale, manage our retail pricing. It generally produces a benefit on the rate, just like inflation did over the last few years, put a bit of pressure on that rate. And we managed both environments very well, and historically it's been as you described it. 
Kurt Barton: Yeah, Peter. On SG&A, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I felt one of the highlights was how the team managed pivoting off of a number of years and quarters with strong top line sales, to scale to the appropriate level of volume for Q3. And it just shows our ability to be agile in that case.  To your point on the 85% was growth, some of the things that really played out to help drive the core SG&A to a really low growth level. First area, supply chain, and I mentioned this in the previous last couple quarters. We had built the supply chain almost through muscle, 3PL, other areas that distribution centers were running at max capacity or above that level and that was inefficient.  We've been able to shut off some of the 3PL higher costs. The team is running at some of the highest level of productivity. So one of our biggest areas of leverage in a flat to slight negative comp sales environment was our distribution supply chain, as they actually leveraged as a percent of sales because of productivity. John and team focusing on scaling down task or non-customer service work to modestly drive hours down, that also reflects some of the SG&A benefits.  In general, in an environment that there is softer demand at Tractor Supply, as we look ahead to even future quarters and next year, we'll plan and scale our core levels of investments and our operating expenses in line with our sales growth.  And then from there, this team will continue to claw back inflationary pressures, even in operating expenses that have embedded over the last few years. And this is a team that's been built with lean management, continuous improvement in our DNA, and we have profit improvement goals. And those are all things as we plan ahead to 2024 that gives us confidence in our ability to manage and still hold to our long-term algorithm and targets on operating margin. 
Kurt Barton: Yeah, Michael, this is Kurt. Gross margin has certainly been not only a high point for this quarter, this year, but to your point, what we've been able to accomplish, leveraging our scale and size in the last years has been a real testament to the team.  I'll give you a few examples of why we believe this is a sustainable gross margin, and most of it is around the structural nature of it. As you think ahead, I'll first acknowledge, as we continue to grow in CUE and take market share, it puts a little bit of pressure from product mix. And we've been cycling and absorbing those gross margin expansions with higher pressure from CUE mix in the past few years, more than we would see going forward.  Supply chain benefits have really been one of the top two areas of gross margin expansion. And we've seen and come off some of the highest supply chain costs. We've absorbed some of the inefficiencies in the robust, fast growth period. So the supply chain costs, declining transportation costs, improvement in the reduced miles from new distribution centers are all structural.  And as you think about transportation costs, you think about it as in this particular time, we are still in an environment where transportation costs, both domestic and import, are higher than the pre-pandemic levels. I'm not saying that we expect to revert back to pre-pandemic norms, but I think the important thing is that we're not coming off of a new extreme low, but yet coming off of some of the highs. And then the second most impactful piece of gross margin is the structural sustained difference of coming off promotionals that were embedded into our normal programs and really leveraging EDLP and Neighbor’s Clubs. So the biggest drivers are structural. We expect to be able to change those. And the benefit that our fast team has driven in our production, not only in sales, but the funding from our vendors is structurally in there as well.  So we anticipate to be able to have continued gross margin expansion. And even next year, as you think about seasonal, it may be able to bounce back and that has higher margins. So we have a lot of expectations on our ability to sustain and even expand gross margin for those reasons. 
Kurt Barton: Yeah. I'll take that one. I mean, I'd have to just go to this is still very early in our planning cycle. This business has been resilient in regards to our ability to maintain our comp sales. It's so much of a needs based core business in there that we are planning for some uncertainty.  There are some headwinds on the consumer, but we got strong strategic initiatives. We're lapping some difficult challenges from the seasonal business. And we can be nimble, but I'm just not going to try to predict or go down a path of what level of comps or how low it could be because this business has a track record. In 30 years we've had one year of negative comps and it was ever so slightly. And we're confident in our ability to produce strong sales performance. 
Kurt Barton: Oliver, yeah, I'd frame it up as it's going to be a mix of both of those. We had, a slight average ticket decline in Q3. Some of those pressures on average ticket will, we expect to persist into Q4. But transactions are what gets impacted and did get impacted by the monumental winter storm last year.  With our expectations, as we mentioned, this is not framing up to be an ideal fourth quarter weather. That demand would play out in transactions, and in our evaluation, it's going to be a mix of both transactions and ticket. And implied in our guidance would be a negative comp transaction for that reason. 
Hal Lawton: Yeah. Hey, Steven. The biggest change, very much consistent with what we expect when we said peak years of 2022 and 2023, are those big investments in the distribution centers. We will open that second new distribution center next year in 2024, but a majority of that capital is in 2023. So on a net capital spend that we're forecasting in the $725 to $775, if you back off of that into the $600’s, the biggest majority of that is supply chain.  There's other efficiencies in there, such as we continue on our investments in the stores, such as Fusion and Garden Centers to re-engineer and find efficiencies in our investments. Really excited about the two newest formats that we are rolling out in the stores that we've been able to re-engineer and drive costs out of our Garden Center, and that's giving us even lower cost debt.  And then maybe the third thing would be the investments we made in 2023 on integration and remodeling the Orscheln stores. We'll be rolling off of that. I think those three things are the biggest difference, but no shift in our strategic investments.
Hal Lawton: Yeah, hey Michael, good morning. Thanks for the question. Appreciate your participation in the call. You know, as it relates to discretionary, just one would acknowledge 15%-ish of our business kind of big ticket discretionary, mid-single digit negative comps, a slight improvement from sequentially from what we saw in the first half of the year, kind of in line with what we expected.  The myth throughout the entirety of this year for us has been our seasonal businesses. Our CUE business continues to perform very strong, with comps well above our reported total company comp performance with significant share gains happening in our CUE business. On our Q2 call or Q1 and Q2 calls, when we talked about seasonal, we acknowledged that there could be an element of the consumer spending discretionary piece that kind of seeps into that seasonal business. I would characterize the fall and winter business, though, more demand driven needs based than even spring, because in the winter, the businesses that are really strong for us and large and robust are things like wood pellets and propane.  In fact, three of our top 10 skews during the winter season are two wood pellet skews and the propane skew. Those are demand driven needs based. When it's cold, people, are burning the pellets in their wood stoves or they are using propane for heating other homes or supplemental heating. And when it's not cold, they are not. And this time last year, actually as we entered Q3, the last week of Q2 and as we entered Q3, it was we had cooler weather and then that continued throughout the balance of Q3.  We didn't, have that at all this year. And then even as we're heading into Q4 here, it's going to be 80 degrees this weekend in Boston. You just don't need wood pellets and you don't need propane during that time. And so you can see it very clearly in our business.  On the flip side, we are seeing strength in outdoor projects, outdoor wildlife, those sorts of categories, whether it's grilling, whether it's deer corn and the deer hunting season. You can certainly see it in the lawn and garden categories, even in riding lawnmowers. Those businesses this time of year though are just not large enough to offset. Even with nice growth in those categories, they are just not large enough to offset those sorts of pieces that are demand driven.  We also do sell a lot of insulated outerwear type categories, whether its coats and a lot, fleece lined pants and those sorts of things, gloves, boots. I think as it gets cold, I would expect those to not be lost sales. But there is an element of like wood pellets and propane that once you don't have that cold weather, you do lose it. I think we are being prudent in our implied guidance for the fourth quarter. Last year, we didn't have – it was not – it was a warmish November. So there – but we know there's an El Nino that's in forecast right now. And so we just thought it'd be prudent to not assume that we'd have any upside as we lapped that in November, as we talked about in our prepared remarks.  And then of course we're hurtling [ph] or we’re comping on top of a robust storm from last year that, as we noted in our Q4 earnings call last year, contributed two points of comp to the quarter. 
Hal Lawton: Hey Michael, the only thing I would add is, Kurt’s prepared remarks talked about our commitment to our long-term operating margin guidance, inclusive of next year. I'd also add, we see a lot of opportunities for continued operating expense control next year, namely as Kurt mentioned, freight and a number of other levers.  And I think we've demonstrated this year that we have a number of levers that we can pull to continue to support the underlying profitability of the business, and also can control what we can control.  We certainly don't see an outlook next year as you implied, as potential for negative decline in EPS. I mean, if you look at the underlying strength of our business, whether it's in consumer, our number of shoppers in our stores, our customer satisfaction, our market share gains, all those sorts of things, we've never been more confident in the underlying foundation of our business. 
Hal Lawton: Good morning and thank you for your question. First off, I'd say this is an area that we have been focused on for the last few years. We've gone from roughly five mixing centers to 15 mixing centers over the last three years. That has given us the ability to have more replenishment going into the stores of full pallet quantities of our big moving SKUs.  The second thing is the expansion of our DCs from eight to nine and the next year 10. Also gives us additional outbound capacity to be able to deliver more frequently to our stores. We now have over, I think it's 500 or 600 stores now that receive shipments twice a week from our distribution centers. The remaining stores all receive shipments once a week. So it's not that we have stores receiving it less than that. But yeah, we're constantly looking at ways we can drive in stock.  What I would leave you with is, our in stock rate right now is the best it's been, as Kurt said in his prepared remarks, really since the pandemic began. We feel very good about our in stock rates right now. Our team's done an excellent job, I think, managing inventory. If you look at our inventory growth, it's in control.  If you look at our in stock rates, they are excellent. You look at our shrink numbers below last year and that last year was below two years ago. So I think on all sides of inventory, quality, quantity, in stock rates, we feel very good. But continue to challenge yourself to increase frequency and get smarter and smarter in our tools, like our new RELEX replenishment and allocation system to be able to keep improving our performance on inventory. But, I feel very good about it. As I said, our in stock rates are the best they've been really since the pandemic. 
Hal Lawton: Hey, good morning, Chris. And thanks for your question and participation in the call. I would just reiterate what we said in our prepared remarks, that we continue to see the consumer being discerning in their spend, particularly in discretionary. I mean, I think we've all seen the charts on PCE spend and the shift from goods to services. We've all been looked at how good spending is occurring and how that's shifting across the various retail sectors.  The sector we play in is the most sticky, the least impacted by that. You go look at electronics and appliances. You look at furniture. You look at home improvement. You look at all the other categories. They are all performing well below kind of our normal, our sector. But nonetheless, we are seeing some modest impact from the discerning spend.  We also said weather is not off to a great start for us in Q4. There's a very strong El Nino pattern occurring. That typically is a warmer winter season. It's 80 degrees this weekend in Boston. And then as you said, we're lapping the strong storm from last year, which we recorded two points to.  So we just think you put all that together and it's appropriate to be prudent in our outlook for the fourth quarter in that kind of mid-single digit, low to mid-single digit current negative, and I don't think it's indicative of anything structural in the business.  We see it as very transitory to the current moment. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we had active customer growth in Q3. We had new customer growth in Q3. We had reactivated customer growth in Q3. Our customer satisfaction scores are at all-time highs.  Our market share gains are very strong right now across the board. In PET, this past quarter, our share gains were as strong as they've been since the pandemic. And again, our underlying business is very strong. I'm confident that in the context of retail goods spending, even though the tide is shifting out for all, that we're going to be standing tall amongst that. 
Hal Lawton: I'd start by saying what is our value proposition? And our value proposition is to be that dependable supplier for life out here. And again, I'd reiterate, we're seeing the customers in our stores. They are shopping us at record levels.  That said, when they are shopping us, they are spending a little bit less items per basket, right, kind of to the tune of a low single-digit headwind, and they are pulling back a little bit on discretionary. Those are consistent themes that we've had really for the last few quarters.  We haven't really seen any acceleration in that. It's really been more of a consistent theme. But again, for us, the seasonal weather, the seasonal businesses have been a huge departure from what our outlook and expectations have been all year long.  But nonetheless, I think you're going to continue to see for the near term, the consumer spend continuing to shift to services from goods and kind of rebalancing. And I think you're going to see discretionary retail businesses continuing to take the brunt of that as we turn the quarter of this year into next year. 
