Gregory Sandfort: Thank you, Kurt. And in closing, I'd like to thank the nearly 30,000 team members across our entire organization for their commitment to our mission and values and their focus on delivering a great experience every day to our Out Here lifestyle customers. Their passion for living our culture is a competitive advantage for us. And while we've had a strong first half, we know we have much work to do to finish this year. As a team, we are energized about our business and look forward to talking to you again later this year regarding our third quarter results. And with that, Mary Winn, we now like to open the lines for questions.
Gregory Sandfort: Peter, I will tell you that, we still have an emphasis around growing exclusive brands. But at the same time, and you may have heard me say this before, we are a branded house that offers exclusive brand as well. And the team has done a really nice job, working with the folks like Carhartt, Scotts and others to build out a broader portfolio of some of those strong national brands. And we're seeing strength in those businesses. So, while we've seen a slight decline in percentage of sales that wouldn't necessarily suggest that, it's a concern because we're growing the whole pie. And so, the team is still focused on that. We've talked about RIDGECUT launching here shortly in some other categories. So that's not a real concern of mine. In terms of direct sourcing, there's ebbs and flows to that. Some of its receipt timing et cetera. So that's not a concern either.
Gregory Sandfort: I'd say the way we factor – this fourth quarter has more potential for the margin expansion in the Q3. But our guidance is that overall throughout the second half that we anticipate that with some SG&A deleverage at a lesser extent and gross margins modestly improving that we've got good upside throughout the back half.
Gregory Sandfort: Hey, Daniel. This is Greg. Let me address that one. If you have done the study of our business and the farm store business, you will know that most of these ag markets are in the upper Midwest of the country. There's some in northern California, but primarily upper Midwest. Those areas from a seasonal trend’s standpoint had been softer due to tremendous amounts of moisture, and probably I would say a little bit more on the basis of elongated cool weather. And we anticipated that. And as the weather is now drying and as weather is warming, we're seeing those areas of the country come back into the normal, we'll call it normal performance of the business. But remember, we're not directly ag related. A large production farming operations are not really who we address. We address the more called a casual, individual who has some properties, some land, and probably has a two or three acre garden. It's not the production side. So yes, we'll fill a little bit of that drag in those markets. But to be very honest with you as the weather is warmed and things have improved from a condition of moisture, we're very pleased with what we're seeing in the business.
Gregory Sandfort: Well, this is Greg again. It's quite a bit different than the last cycle. But here is what I would tell you that there's been some modest level of commodity inflation, but not great. Steve mentioned about our retail price management programs, which helps us to make sure that we're pricing accordingly. We're not seeing any current waning in the oil markets. The rig counts and employments seem to be stable and oil is running around $60 a barrel. So really not a major consideration. It's more moderate today than it's ever been. I think the oil companies had a great learning a few years ago from what they experienced. And so geographically, it is somewhat limited now to say, I would say the Western Texas corridor. So, I think we're feeling pretty good about what we see and the performance of the business in those markets.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. Chris, this is Steve. I guess I would put it this way. I mean we're always navigating between year-over-year what's normal, what's not normal. When I look at the totality of the business, Greg mentioned that we had sprint in spring seasonal businesses that were positive for the quarter. I believe I mentioned it as well. What I would also say is when you look into Q3 because we're already several weeks into the Q3 for us right now. It's in line with what our expectations have been. And so last thing I would mention is, our inventory is in good position to take advantage of any extended summer selling season we might have. And while at the same time, we are well prepared to take care of customers if we have an early cold weather business centers in the quarter. So that's kind of how I see it shaping up. We're a nimble company and we can react pretty quickly.
Steve Barbarick: Sure. Kate, this is Steve. For the quarter, I believe we've showed that we were able to manage through that climate pretty well, margin rates, as Kurt mentioned we're positive and so the tools and technology we have today are really allowing us to use science to manage our business. And thus far we've managed it pretty well and we feel like going into the back half, we've got a plan to mitigate whatever those tariffs maybe. Understand one last thing here and that is that we have built up a very large consumable side of our business over the years. And so, the tariffs don't have probably as significant of impact on Tractor Supply as other retailers that are out there. And that's a benefit to us as we move forward.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, this is Steve again, Kate. What I would say is in the quarter we were up against some very strong big tickets sales from a year-ago. And as I went down the longer list of – some of the weather trends or seasonal trends that we experienced in the quarter. Big ticket things like cooling and trailers, some front engine riders, tillers, they were all soft for us. And I think that had probably an overarching impact for the first half and certainly in the quarter there. As we move forward, every quarter is a little different. Whether it has or those seasonal trends have a bit of a different impact on us. So, I suspect that as we get into this and we're able to use our private label credit card with the new offering, as I mentioned, the $5 for 100 spend. I think that we may see a shift backwards and we should hopefully see some improvement on big ticket.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. This is Steve. It's very interesting. I'm not really sure. Right now, we do see an increase in grains, mainly corn. It depends on how the harvest goes. I mean if yields come out higher than what was expected, you will see corn prices declined. And so, we're keeping close tabs on that now working with our suppliers. It's too hard to gauge. I guess we'll probably know here in a couple of months once they get into the fields.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. This is Steve. I would tell you that the system has really benefited us in a lot of ways. We're continuing to take the data, segment the data. We can look at frequency now. We can look yet cross sell, up sell. As I mentioned earlier, when we do a campaign now, that campaign is no longer manually managed and kind of paint brushed across a lot of customers. We can have thousands of different deployments of that exact campaign with different banner, ads and whatnot. So, as we dig deeper and deeper into the data, it's just a rich stream that's coming back out and it's becoming more actionable across the entire organization. Kurt even talked about the performance of new stores, a lot of the data now we're able to use across the organization. So, whether it be tapping into the lapsed customer that we haven't seen in several months, whether it be communicating and engaging a customer that we just onboarded, the treasure trove of data is going to benefit us go forward.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. This is Steve. We're a testimony company and this is one of the capabilities we put out there to better understand what our customers might be interested from us. We did expand the assortment out to some more animal health products, so it's not just pet food and supplies related. There's still a lot of learning to be done. And I would say at this point we're going to continue to learn as we go. The goal ultimately not only to be able to serve our customer with convenience, it might be a play down the role where we're able to connect with customers that want pellet type deliveries and more business-to-business type aspects of what we might be able to use the tool for. So, as we're thinking forward, the subscription of a bag of dog food or a treat is one thing. We're trying to think and make this more global and really tie it back to our ONETractor strategy.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. Peter, this is Steve. And yes, we continue to see the program grow in comp stores as well as new stores. And it's still growing at a really good clip, which is exciting. And then when you add on to that, what we're doing with what Kurt talked about with the private liberal credit card, I think we'll even see more engagement and more enrollment. So again, it continues to expand. The data continues to come in. We're building out our CRM team and we're excited about what the future looks like in terms of being able to use that data and action it.
Kurt Barton: Yes. And Chris, I'd add to that, and I’d just tag on to what Steve said at the end. One of the things we factored in and to the back half guidance is, just an overall consideration of the back half of the year. This is the time where the consumer, if you think from a macro standpoint, this is the back half where the consumer is going to have all of the impact of these first three layers of tariffs. And we felt it was prudent to make sure an overarching consideration was what does that do to the consumers spend and how will they adjust to all-in tariffs. And I would just say from a broad overarching theme, we had that as a key consideration when we designed the updated guidance for the year.
Kurt Barton: Well, we were just aware that those are all factors whether they all go in that same direction, but those are adjustments or variables that could happen with a back half that's got some level of uncertainty.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Oliver. This is Kurt. I'd summarize it pretty simple. We pride ourselves on consistent execution and execution in this area includes adequately covering for the inherent risks and construction and opening stores. This year we didn't execute well on coverage for those inherent risks. And it shifted the time of new stores a bet. We've addressed the issue. This is specific to this year. The existing pipeline is strong and as I said, we continue to expect to hit our target goal of 80 stores this year. And continue to have confidence in our ability to open stores timely in 2020 with a robust pipeline of future sites in progress at this point.
Kurt Barton: First, I'd say each quarter can be different, but in general our assumption is that with the cost pressures, it may be very similar in directionally in the back half of the year as you saw in the first half.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Peter, this is Kurt. We often in the quarters, we'll give you some indication on commodity level inflation and as we've been seeing in the past few quarters, some modest level of commodity inflation, Q2 saw that as well. We did continue to see some level of impact. We'd estimate around 50 basis points of commodity level inflation on the cost as well as the topline average ticket. And there's a number of variables in there and we would say based on our estimates to [wherever] we can see. We'd anticipate the back half to probably stay similar to that range of commodity level impact on the inflation factor.
Kurt Barton: Sure. This is Kurt, Simeon. In regards to the performance in Q2, it's a mixture of both things that we're controlling as well as more the macro and on a macro standpoint it's, it's a bit more than just spot rates. There is an improvement over all that we see in the capacity. The average carrier rates are moderating and we've done a great job with our initiatives of renegotiations in the process as well as controlling the use of spot rates. The things that we've done to reduce the stem miles and increase the capacity or the amount of value in the loads have also benefited. And those are some of the things that we're real proud of the transportation team to jump on and address that ahead of our schedule and that benefited second quarter. Our anticipation though was those types of benefits would start to hit in Q3 and Q4, so no real change to our expectation in the back half from transportation.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Seth, this is Kurt. In regards, as your question is a little bit about how do we frame up the guidance in the back half, and I’d start by saying from an overarching view, our guidance reflects the belief in the strength of the business and not only the first half strength, but also what we expect for the back half. And I think it's demonstrated Best Buy; our updated guidance has an annual 3% to 4% comp rate for the year. But when considering the back half and the updated guidance, it reflects really three things. First, a solid performance in the first half as you mentioned with some upside results that we factored in particularly related to Q1. The second thing is on the back half as I mentioned, we did factor in the impact not only the topline, but the bottom line for the timing shifts on new stores as well as the shift on the income tax rate. Whereas I mentioned, we believe some of that discrete benefit shifted into the first half of the year out of the first – out of the second half and drives a higher tax rate in the second half. And those two factors do impact our expectation on the bottom line for the back half of the year. And as I mentioned earlier, the third thing, certainly a level of consideration for the macro issue that the consumer may be facing as they adjust to an all in tariffs. Wrapping it all up. The back half is very much in line with our original expectation with the adjustment for those two items that I mentioned and consistent, performance, evidence with the strength of the business, the first half continuing into the second half.
Kurt Barton: Sure. On the gross margin side, the assumptions are simply the strength of the merchandising team been able to manage through these varying costs with improving year-over-year freight costs. As you move to the SG&A area, we anticipate, as I said earlier that the new distribution center will have a less of a deleverage impact in the back half than it did the first half. And we're also recognizing we're facing some cost compares last year that we don't believe we'll repeat at the same level. Lastly, the profit improvement initiatives are showing some traction we're receiving and anticipating some benefits, particularly in areas of occupancy where some of the indirect procurement and managing the costs and things we can control are driving some benefit and those are things that we're putting in place and laying the foundation over the last six to nine months.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Steven, this is Kurt. I agree with you. We’ve very excited proud of the new store productivity. The model continues to be a strength of our business and the real estate team does a fantastic job of identifying sites and utilizing the greater customer data that we've got to make sure we're opening a strong stores in the right locations. And we're pleased with new store productivity so far this year and we think 2019 will be a real strong class and it helps give us more confidence in the strength of the pipeline as well. In regards to the overall performance on topline. We don't anticipate from an average sales standpoint that really varies significantly different from the history. Particularly with what I showed and walked through at the Investor Community Day. It's just a strength in the level of not only ramp up, but the productivity of the new stores.
Kurt Barton: Sure. This is Kurt again. We're right on track with our plans. As we mentioned back in May. And just as a reminder, our store productivity initiative included a lot of reengineering of process, particularly back office or inventory handling. And additionally, with some tools like mobility, scheduling tools. All of that gets packaged together and then introduced to the stores as they get trained and rolled out. And so, we're right on track with our plan to methodically go through the stores throughout the back half of the year with a target goal of completing the rollout by the end of the year. What that means is, it's factored into our guidance. There's not a lot of efficiency driven in the back half as we're rolling this out, but it puts us in a great position to be able to capitalize that in 2020 and beyond.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Chuck, this is Kurt. Our performance on the gross margin side was very much in line with our expectations. As we mentioned, it benefited both from product mix and price management, price management being the larger of those two teams did an excellent job as we mentioned, utilizing the pricing systems to manage the rising costs. But compared to Q1, we mentioned in Q1 that we benefited from some discreet opportunities, whether it be mixed or the pricing specific to coming out of the winter selling season and did a fantastic job of capturing sales at better marks. The second quarter was really a matter of just executing to the plan and driving good pricing along with the benefit of some product mix and not having headwinds from the freight side of it. We would anticipate that those are the primary factors in the back half of the year. Freight moving from neutral to targeting to having some benefit from that and then utilizing the expertise of the merchant team and the systems to drive some benefit from the pricing.
Kurt Barton: Zach, yes, this is Kurt. A great question and we're excited about what the private label credit card is doing and believe it is a driver of the business. All metrics continue to be showing solid growth in line with our expectation, what we targeted. We saw growth in tender in both big ticket and broadly across the store. So, we know its resonating helping us in an environment of rising costs to show a value-added. The level of applications in new signups continue to be strong double-digit growth and helping us build the program. Our team members in the stores are embracing it. They're selling better than ever before and we continue to work on enhanced training and systems improvement. Last thing is to say that between those and what Steve mentioned about the new value, we're driving in the back half with the 5% reward. We believe that's going to resonate in all four corners of the store, help drive comps and improve and be part of our whole Neighbor's Club drive loyalty with our consumers. So, the lot of the data I mentioned at the May, Investor Community Day is still applicable. And we're moving in our progress rate towards our target of three to five years seeing this at about a 10% tender mix.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Peter, appreciate the question. I'll try to help clarify on it. In the first half of the year, there were weather challenges, there are often with new stores, there are challenges just with getting through planning and regulations in the local municipalities. And we could point to all of those things and say that the weather or the regulatory items were there. But we have that and we in our view, we say we are challenged and it's our job to offset those headwinds. And we faced a lot of those headwinds and probably more headwinds than normal, and that was part of the challenge of getting stores open. And for us as a team, we look at that as an executional issue and say, we can do better at making sure that we can have the offsets that can help us not have shift in timing of stores when those headwinds pop-up like they did.
Kurt Barton: Yes, sure. This is Kurt. I'll start on that. And we look at our guidance as confirming that we're doing what we'd said we do this year driving a strong comp sales performance, driving great topline, operating margin expansion with a real solid EPS growth rate. And that continues into the back half of the year. And for us, we have a lot to be excited about what we're driving overall for the expectation and guidance, which is raising that a bit from original expectation. So, the business is strong. There's a lot to be excited about it. I've mentioned it earlier; we're going to make sure halfway through the year with the consumer that is going to be facing a number of changes. We're going to be realistic with what the outcome can be in this environment. But all that given Tractor Supply has got a great algorithm as you mentioned, and great performance expected for 2019.
