Gregory Sandfort: I would tell you that steadier she goes, the consumer that shops with us seems to be in a bit of a predictable pattern. They are still buying needs based product, they’re still repairing and not doing probably as much replacements as they did in the past, although we have seen bit of an uptick in outdoor power equipment in the first part of the year, but that’s not to say that conditions can change. We are not seeing anything really different. They’re still buying feed and food, they’re still keeping their properties because – our fencing business was great as we mentioned, and our feed and food businesses continue strong. So I would tell you very stable, if anything probably as the economy could improve a bit maybe towards the latter part of this year and into next year, we may see little bit of an uptick, but nothing that would alarm us at all.
Gregory Sandfort: First of all, last year we just had a major delay with Mother Nature and weather and until the weather broke we were managing inventories well and just we’re trying to understand how much business could be recapture as we got into latter part of the second quarter and into third. And as far as adding promotions, all we did was just somewhat remind consumer we are still there for them and that we made them aware of some of the offers and such. So we spent a little money, but nothing major. We didn’t do anything crazy as far as pricing and such last year, we just stayed patient. No, this year very different. We are having a more normalized spring season and we don’t plan at this point to anniversary any of those, I will call them, reminder type pieces that we did last year in the latter part of second and early into third quarter, if the trends continue as we see them. So we are feeling more comfortable about current trends, but there is no additional plans to go back and anniversary some of those things that we did a year ago.
Gregory Sandfort: I think this is a two-part question, Steve will answer as much as I can here, but the MIC, the merchandise innovation center is our ability to take a complete Tractor store and look at it from a standpoint of planogram sets, lower store, visual signage, just generally as you walk in to a store, we didn’t have that capability in the former space that we had in the old facility and we felt like if we couldn’t really do the same thing in this new facility because of the ceiling height and such, so we went outside and it’s been very productive. I think I will let Steve take it from there.
Gregory Sandfort: Today the mix of our consumer base is fairly equal male to female. What I think we are finding is that their ability to use us for more things as they shop our stores is what we are starting to see and we are enjoying that, meaning that they may have started out shopping with us buying for their horses, let’s say, products for the horses, and then he noticed we are in the pet business, and the next thing they know they get their pet business, and then from there they may move to another category, whether it might be holding or could be something in the hardware department. So what we’re starting to understand now is that this hobby lifestyler is more open to shop Tractor for more than just maybe the things than initially thought. I will also tell you that we noticed in our parking lots it’s not always pickup trucks, you may see a BMW, you may see someone walk in in a suit and tie, because they happen their own property and they work in a city, an attorney or what have you. So this crossover of consumer right now, we’re starting to track some things and starting to notice that we are not – there’s not a barrier to shop or store may be as it may have been in the past. The name Tractor Supply sometimes shows people, but once they cross the threshold or they hear about us from someone else, a lot of this is word-of-mouth, they are delighted. We have a lot of families that shop our stores. And if it starts with that age, maybe the grandfather to the son and then from there to the children, we are just kind of perpetuation of how the business can develop over the years. So I think we are in a great spot, we like what we see with our consumer base and we continue to see more transactions coming through the front door, footsteps as well. So right now there is more for us to do to learn more about these consumers and talk to them in a more direct manner, but I think we are well on our way.
Gregory Sandfort: Let me tell you, in layman’s terms, what this do for us. The demand planning format will give us a much more accurate way of forecasting forward sales based not just only on current trends and future trends, but it’s reading the sales much more regularly than the other system. The other system that we got in play today is more static. It takes a snapshot pretty much of the sales on a week to week basis and it can’t react as fast. So if we’ve got something that’s trending quickly, something is really selling well, we will see it in our sales, but it won’t be able to – our system today won’t be able to forecast that trend as it goes forward. The new demand planning system can do that for us and help us. And you can imagine with 18,000 SKUs, many of these being seasonally driven in the spring and in the fall, it’s important to have some eyeballs that are on that from a system standpoint that can give us some more accurate forecasting. So simply put, better forecasting forward, whether it be on promotion or whether it be on a regular price sales on both, what I could call, there will a queue products and our seasonal products.
Gregory Sandfort: We are in the first phase of rollout, it will be at least another year before we are complete with all of the departments and they are being done by division by stages. So it will be the end of 2015, early 2016 before we are complete.
Gregory Sandfort: To be honest, Alan, what we track it’s not much different. We look at those customers closely than we do the rest of our portfolio, because we have more information on them. Remember, they are primarily still hobby farmers, we can’t identify that they are production people, but they are in our store more regularly. So they truly are the core lifestylers. But we have not seen any drop off, as a matter of fact we talk to them on a more regular basis and we find that the more we do talk to them, the more we can bring them back into the store and their spending habits increase. So very steady. Deflation really hasn’t had much of an impact either way.
Gregory Sandfort: Nothing we’ve seen, no. I know it sounds too good to be true maybe, but it’s true, that’s how it’s working for us. These customers have not changed, they are very steady.
Gregory Sandfort: Let me clarify something. I think the comment about clearance is maybe being taken a little bit out of context. We had a more normal clearance cadence this year than we had in last year. We came out of 2014 very, very clean – or in 2013 into 2014 and this year I would say it was a more normalized clearance cycle. So it really didn’t – it aided some in the comp, but it wasn’t a major driver of comp. What drove the comp, as Steve had said earlier, was product across the store in many categories and it was how we had our inventories positioned north to south that really helped us drive the business. We are now a national chain, so the assortments in the Northeast can’t look like the assortments in Florida. And we have done a fine job with our inventory management group in planning people to our sort that differently. So clearance had a very insignificant impact and overall probably a little bit a drain on margin, because the year prior we were so clean and we were actually chasing business. So we’re not going to buy comps to drive to buying into clearance sales, that’s not how we operate.
Gregory Sandfort: New store discount, when we open up a store, we have a program we work with the vendors as far as merchandise goes and what it is, it’s really part of the inventory. So when we receive it, we capitalize it and it’s earned over a period of time. So as we have stores open in the latter part of the quarter, it will benefit the following few months. So as we fine-tuned our store opening program last year, we had very limited stores opened in November and December timeframe, whereas the year before we had several stores opened in the late November timeframe. So some of those discounts get amortized into income in the subsequent quarter. So we saw that have a slight impact in Q1 this year.
Gregory Sandfort: I would say that number one we focus more on being better season to season, year to year in the offering to the customer. And we do that through a lot of initiatives that you’ve heard about already in the call, whether it’s localization or its timing of flow of product north to south because of weather and so on and so forth, I think we do that far better to do with our logistics sophistication than those who we compete with at the local to regional level. There is some very good competitors out there in the farm store business, don’t think there aren’t. But they don’t have some of the capabilities that we now have as a company. So I think that’s first and foremost. I don’t believe that it is about who we are taking it from, I think what’s happening is the consumer is deciding that we are probably a better place to shop. And I don’t know specifically any particular competitor like to talk to, but we sell a number of products in that store and there is a number of other people who sell a number of those products. So I think the key to buy in Tractor and grow is we make it easier for the customer because we can consolidate that shopping trip under one roof in one store, we’re priced right every day, we are in stock, we have great customer service, we are convenient and you can get in and get out of our stores quickly. I think there’s a lot of variables out there that are playing to our favor. And we said earlier, we’re relentlessly dissatisfied to keep improving and improving our business and our customer interface and that’s what’s driving our business.
Gregory Sandfort: Joe, as you mentioned, in the prepared remarks we talked about it being a relative to last year and so it’s really more of a cycle against last year’s number. It is not something that’s structural and it was related more to the distribution centers. So as we move forward in the year, we do not expect it to have a significant impact on the gross margin.
Gregory Sandfort: Let me just respond to that, because I get that question all the time internally as well. I would go as far as to say that we are still continuing to cycle some decreases from a year ago. The team is looking at where the lines from across on safes, we’ve got renewed energy and are playing around that, but I don’t – it will continue to diminish as a headwind. I will say that way. Thus far, we are still very cautiously optimistic as we go into the second quarter about big ticket. Some of that may be seasonal, some of that may be discretionary, but we are cautiously optimistic as we move into this quarter based on some of the early learnings in April.
Gregory Sandfort: Thank you, operator. And thank you all for your interest and support of Tractor Supply. We look forward to speaking to you again in July regarding our second quarter performance.
Steve Barbarick: I would tell you the magnitude is relatively insignificant. We did see, like Tony said, a bit of a sales gain, but as you come out of the season like that, the tail of those sales become smaller and smaller. And so the magnitude of the impact is pretty immaterial to the total business. There may have been a slight impact, but it would be nothing that will be material.
Steve Barbarick: One of the greatest benefits of it is the size is all the products that we have in a normal store and to be able to get the merchants out there, the marketers out there, even people internally that have to deal with stores on a day-in, day-out basis, we can walk those planograms, we can assess the profitability per square foot, we can try a lot of things out there and get a visual that all at one time rather than breaking in apart in little 4 and 8 foot sections. So really it’s a matter of efficiencies, getting things handed to the stores more timely and really better execution.
Steve Barbarick: And I would tell you that’s cultural, that’s in the fabric of Tractor Supply Company. When we talk about continuous improvement, TVS, processes, when you talk about relentless dissatisfaction, you everything from stores to operations to everyone else, we’re focused on making sure that we are running a little faster and jumping a little higher than we did the year before. I would tell you that when we walk planograms there is no – this works. And we’re just going to leave it as it is. We will just talk about good as the enemy of great and how we are going to get better at each quarter and each year. So part of what we do and part of what you continually hear from this management team is taking it to the next level. In terms of competition, we can’t necessarily impact people coming into the market place, but we’re focused on us in making our business better and really supporting the customers that live lifestyle that we support.
Steve Barbarick: I would tell you that you could probably look at certain parts of the north and say that they may have had even delayed spring to normal, but I would tell you based on the prior two years it was earlier. And we were able to capitalize on that business both in terms of seasonal sales cold and spring related products. We are going to continue to buy into the spring, knowing that there is demand out there. It’s just too early at this point for us to pull back for the South or for the north. So I don’t see anything that we would do outside of the way we are operating today and that is making sure those stores have the inventory they need. I’m not sure I answered your question specifically.
Steve Barbarick: I would tell you right now it’s just too early to predict the full year and even whether or not the selling season is going to be extended. Our guidance assumes a normalized spring selling season, that’s really the best I can tell you at this point at this time of the year.
Steve Barbarick: Let me start by saying that the inside of the box is in continued flux and change and that’s part of the whole relentless dissatisfaction talk that we had. One of the resets that we’re doing in planogram work that we have got going on in the stores is to tap into missing price points and/or brands that we may not have today offering the customer value at the middle part of the equation or premium products. I will give you just one example here, because I can probably go through a number of them, but in May, we’re going to be launching an extended line of livestock feeds for our consumers, a product that we did not have access to prior to this point in working with Parena and having the chequerboard product, we will have access to a super premium equivalent feed. We’re going to bring in a new line of cattle feed and lastly we will have show feeds for those folks that do for H and FFA, which again we didn’t have access to previously. So that would be one example in a product category that this queue that we see will benefit the customer bought on the high end as well is in the middle tier.
Steve Barbarick: We implemented it in Q4 and it had – again we are rolling this out, so it only impacted a very small portion of our clearance inventory, but the results we saw where positive and give us some enthusiasm as we move forward with the program. So at this point it wasn’t real material in the quarter, but I can tell you that we will continue to roll forward and I suspect sometime this year we will have fully implemented the clearance price optimization program.
Steve Barbarick: Let me go ahead and start, this is Steve and then we’ll have some follow ups potentially. I would tell you – in the opening remarks, we were really pleased with the firewall sales. It didn’t come out of one specific area of sales, if you look across all of the buying teams and the categories we had, the vast majority of them had positive comp store sales. We saw good business both in all regions of the country as well as when you look at it it was pretty much well balanced across. So from that perspective, I think we also feel very good about it. And a lot of it has to do with initiatives. A lot of it has to do with new products as well as weather. So I think it was a good quarter across the board.
Steve Barbarick: When we look at the total energy-related, so that includes oil down in the Southwest as well as some of the fracing territories, we compare those to sister stores and we do not see any significant reduction in the performance of those stores. As we carve out a much smaller group of stores relative to more Midwest and Mid Central fracing areas, we see just a slight decline, but again we see overall positive comp store sales across the board relative to that portfolio of oil/fracing stores.
Steve Barbarick: Actually the opposite. And the issue is when it comes to the fracing stores, obviously we had strong comps in those stores overall. And as we continue forward, we continue to see positive comp in those stores even on a two-year stack.
Steve Barbarick: I will tell you that what we call localization will be an ongoing process or probably in eternity will never be right because things change and customers’ demand change. Earlier in Q4, to give you one example, we recognized a need for western line of apparel in a lot of our southern stores and we added the brand Cinch for example and we put those in a number of stores thus far. We recognized that the productivity of that brand is incremental to what we had previously and that would just be one example of many that I could probably go through and talk about. So the team is focused on localization and see that as one of our four key sales drivers.
Steve Barbarick: I will start with the answer here. I would tell you that we have shifted product mix, we bought into categories we know that are going to be more related to those customers that are living out there, but I would tell you this drought didn’t just happen yesterday. It’s been going on now for, looking at our numbers, a couple of years now. So those stores are still performing, that’s why we continue to see more opportunities upside at West. So again, I would tell you that it’s just a matter of managing the mix and managing the productivity of the stores.
Steve Barbarick: I will go ahead and start with the loyalty test. At this point, we’ve got our requirements together, our crack team and IT is working through the process of putting it all together for us and we anticipate doing a test in the second half of this year. So we are up and running, I think we are excited about seeing our customers’ response to the program, but again it will be limited to a number of stores and we will test and learn and from there we will go forward if we think it’s something that’s viable. In terms of personalization, there is a number of activities going on. One of such is email, we had a much better response in Q1 this year with our targeted campaign versus the year prior. And we will continue to do more of that as well as personalization is one of the organization’s key strategic initiatives and we’ve got a team of people working on how we become more connected to our customer base.
Steve Barbarick: Very good on the Helly Hansen, yes. So I would tell you that there is some of that that’s taking place and you can see across different categories. I would tell you that in one case particularly, this year we are testing for example a commercial zero turn rider and it retails for nearly $6,000. And as our customers continue to see interest in stepping up, we will continue to test different products to try to accommodate their needs. So that will be just one example, but I could give you numerous examples of where we’re trying to tap into that demand.
Steve Barbarick: It’s a little different this time, John, and that the first time we went forward with it, it was a completely new brand to the organization and to our customer base. In this case, you are looking at probably somewhere 10 SKUs or so that are meaningful to the customer lifestyle, but a lot of those customers may still be shopping us already, because we do carry the brand. So I wouldn’t expect the impact to be what we saw when we originally launched back and I believe it was 2009. I will tell you though that we are very excited and one of the biggest request we get from our store managers all the time are this brand and the extension of this brand. So if our team members and our customers are telling us, you know what, this could be okay and we’re pretty excited about the launch.
Steve Barbarick: Mixing centers are go live, as I said, early third quarter. The test that we ran year and a half ago proved positive that we will be testing these two facilities in Texas, more to talk about once we are up and running, John.
Steve Barbarick: Purina uses their independent dealers for the most part to get distribution out to the customers. And so it’s been somewhat of a dealer brand up to this point and there may be a few regional and independent farm stores that carry it, but for the most part this is incremental to Tractor Supply.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, when it comes to Q1, it is little bit frontloaded, it will slow down a little bit in Q2. So we anticipate that we will be in somewhat of a normalized cadence relative to last year where we will be about 50% to 55% of the stores will open in the first half which is similar to last year
Steve Barbarick: I would tell you that based on some reporting that we’ve done, it’s relatively insignificant. The team did a really nice job. As we talked about earlier, we bought some product in early because of the Chinese New Year, we rerouted some of the containers along the water to other ports to get some of the access to some of that product. So we think that the impact from the sales line and the profitability line was very minimal.
Steve Barbarick: At this point we’ve pretty much gotten through all of it, we’ve been able to get us to the distribution network and out to the stores and we’re locked and loaded for the demand.
Steve Barbarick: I would tell you we break our correction of error meeting into specific areas of the business and we get the owners of those business to talk to the opportunities. There is plenty of opportunities, we look forward for perfect, I would tell you in some cases we ran low or out of product where we could have been better in stock and we disappointed some customers. We know what those categories are and we got a plan to fix that for next year. And I would tell you that across the board there is plenty of opportunities, that’s how I would put it.
Anthony Crudele: There was nothing unusual in the quarter. As we have talked in the past about our transportation costs, there is the cost themselves, there is the fuel component which is about 20% of the cost and then there is the stem mile issue that we talked about. In this case, we’ve not seen any significant increase in the transportation cost and obviously fuel was decreased and that’s what offset the stem miles. As we move forward I remind you that we will be opening more stores out in the West, so that will add to the stem miles. But as we move forward with the fuel prices, obviously that will be an ongoing benefit if the prices stay low and help to reduce the additional cost related to the stem miles.
Anthony Crudele: No, in this case the incentive comp is going to match up with the performance that was in the quarter itself and again we will look at both the quarter and the performance and we’ll also you look at our expectations for the full year. But when you look on a quarter to quarter basis, Q1 this year to last year, this was a much stronger quarter and required us to book additional incentive compensation.
Anthony Crudele: I would tell you that actually each quarter has its own uniqueness to it. As we’ve said in the past and sort of mapped out a year, we like it to have a strong cold January and February, we like it to warm up in where it’s possible starting in March. And then as we’ve experienced in the last couple of years, the cool weather has extended the spring summer season into the July, August timeframe and that tends to be beneficial. As we get into the later part of the year, we like to have called the weather relatively early in the fourth quarter to generate some of the winter good sales. So that’s generally the way that we look at the year. As we go into this year, making year over year and our statement that it’s more normalized, we are looking at spring that’s coming in the standard period of late March and April, which we did not have in the last time. And as we stated last year as we went through the weather, we felt that at times when you have that late spring you will miss some sales, you will pick them up later on, but you may not recapture all of the sales. So as we move through the year, we’re very optimistic that with this earlier spring onslaught that we can continue to drive sales throughout the second quarter. And as we move into the third quarter, as Steve as indicated earlier, it’s just a little too early to call if the early spring will mean a shortened tail compared to last year. But again we are relatively optimistic when we look at the weather patterns.
Anthony Crudele: We had anticipated that we would have a negative impact of somewhere between five and 15 basis points. So as we walk through it and looked at our transportation costs, I think they were extremely well-managed during the first quarter and we were able to benefit from the diesel fuel. But I think where you’re trying to go is we’re trying to look at what’s the benefit over the next several quarters if diesel stays where it’s at and I think we will be able to have a benefit, but what you how to take into account is the additional stores that we will be adding and the stem miles that we will be incurring. So I wouldn’t say that net-net you can add 10 to 15 basis points every single quarter.
Anthony Crudele: It’s very similar to the way we model them out and they hit their pro forma numbers and they give us the expected returns based on a higher sales level and higher cost structure.
Anthony Crudele: As we go into each quarter, we will adjust the model accordingly and then we will set the metrics in 10B5 plan. So as we adjust and obviously as we continue to have the sales increases and bottom line increases, it drives our calculation of the intrinsic stock value. So it will generally keep us in the marketplace throughout. And what the metrics really does is as the stock moves up and down between the metrics, we will adjust the number of shares that we purchase. So philosophically, we like to be in the marketplace, we like to support the stock and we believe that we’re out saying that it’s the time to buy the stock, we want to be in the marketplace along with our investors.
Anthony Crudele: We always want to be out there as far as paying a competitive wage and we think as we analyze it that we’re very competitive in the marketplace. Additionally, we pay all our team members a monthly sales bonus and we think that that is an added incentive and benefit. Additionally, we hire customers and so our team members really enjoy living the lifestyle, they enjoy working with other folks and engaging with them and talking about what they are doing around their farms or out in the field. So we think that we have a significant advantage when it comes to working with our teams. They are very small teams, most stores at 12 to 15 folks, and we do a tremendous job in making sure that they work the expected hours. So again, I think we have significant advantage when it comes to the competitive wages that we pay our team members.
Anthony Crudele: Seth, as we talked about in various different quarters, the comp ticket can be affected significantly by the big ticket purchases. Additionally, things that we mentioned just in this quarter where we had some bulk purchases in the fencing category, so there can be several different factors that will impact the average ticket. And this quarter in particular, the increase – we really were very pleased with the increase, because we like to see it coming from items per transaction versus just the ticket. But in this quarter in particular, big ticket did not have an impact at all on the average ticket. And we are also dealing as we have over the last couple of quarters with deflation. So between big ticket not having an impact and the deflation coming with a 80 basis point increase in the average ticket, we are extremely pleased.
