James F. Wright: Thank you, Erica. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm here today with Tony Crudele, our Chief Financial Officer, and Greg Sandfort, our President and Chief Merchandising Officer. Our second quarter and year-to-date results further underscore the structural changes that we have made to our business model over the last few years and our ability to navigate successfully through a challenging environment. We experienced another record quarter, a broad-based strength across the business. We grew sales by 11% with both traffic and ticket positive, and combined with margin improvement and SG&A leverage, earnings per share increased 18%. Now let me go into a bit more detail for the second quarter with respect to our merchandising margin expansion and efficiency initiatives. Our unique mix of merchandise drove our top line. We continue to focus on our core items and were quick to respond as the season evolved. Our consumable, usable and edible, or CUE categories, are core to the rural lifestyle. As a result, we've been able to pass through price increases while maintaining or gaining market share as we managed through this inflationary period. Consistent with prior quarters, these non-discretionary items drove traffic and sales across all eight regions. Our results reflect that we've become less reliant on seasonal big-ticket items. Seasonal weather was a headwind early in the quarter and drought conditions in the south affected approximately one-third of our store base. Accordingly, there was limited demand for outdoor power equipment and reduced demand for repair and maintenance sales in certain areas. However, we are pleased in regions where we experienced normalized weather patterns that our repair and maintenance performance was strong. For the south in particular, I'm proud of how our field and merchandising teams anticipated and responded to adverse conditions by shifting the product assortments swiftly towards items that drought-affected consumers need, such as animal feed and supplements, water storage and water movement products. We continue to make progress on our four key margin expansion initiatives. As planned, we transitioned and did the spring selling season smoothly. We continue to increase our strategic sourcing as we work with partners that provide us with great service quality and attractive pricing. We are delighted with the conversion of our customers to private brands. For example, our customers have continued to respond well to our 4 Health premium private brand dog food. We are beginning to see the positive effects from the initial rollout of our price optimization software. During the quarter, we continued to enhance service to our stores and to our customers. Our in-stock position is as strong as ever, we maintained our disciplined approach towards our [30/300 Program] which is focused on prioritizing inventory food of seasonally top 30 merchandise categories and the top 300 SKUs. Additionally, our distribution center team has done an outstanding job moving through the seasonal inventory despite less than ideal weather conditions and adjusting through the changes as we implement our new warehouse management system. During the quarter, we've decided to slow down the implementation of WMS and move the implementation for one distribution center from late this year to early 2012. The momentum we are experiencing in our business is a direct result of the plans we put in place and our team's ability to execute effectively. We've been very deliberate in tracking trends, anticipating needs and building relationships with our customers and business partners, and this has led to continuous growth for our business. I'd like to turn the call over to Tony to review financial results, discuss outlook, and then I'll be back to share a few additional comments.
James F. Wright: Great. Thanks, Tony. We are confident in our ability to meet our increased financial goals for the year. We believe that the momentum, the solid performance in the first half will carry into the second half. We've demonstrated that Tractor Supply is sustainably capable of continuing to build market share, profitably opening new stores, while increasing return on sales and ROIC. For a number of reasons, we believe our company is a one-of-a-kind retailer. We serve a unique niche. We have a very limited and fragmented competition. We have an experienced, energized and focused management team. At this time, we'd like to take a moment and thank Stan Ruta, my business partner and our Chief Operating Officer, for his dedication, commitment and leadership to Tractor Supply Company since 1994 when the company went public. As you may recall, earlier in the year we announced Stan's planned retirement. For the next six months, Stan will stay with us and handle special projects on assignment. We have effectively completed the smooth transition of his primary store operating responsibilities to Lee Downing who is now reporting to our President, Greg Sandfort. As our business continues to grow, we remain focused on shareholder return through our margin initiatives and balance sheet strength. We're in early stages of benefiting from price optimization, strategic sourcing, private brand development, and merchandise planning and allocation. We expect to exit the spring selling season cleanly despite a late start to the season, the drought, and are preparing for the fall. Our efforts in these areas are further enhancing our profitability and balance strength which is a key to our capital allocation strategy. We remain focused on investing in the business by expanding our footprint with new stores and distribution centers and improving technology and systems. At the same time, we have the financial flexibility to grow while continuing to return additional value to our shareholders. As Tony mentioned, we recently increased our buyback program allocation, and we are buying back 1.15 million shares during the quarter at an average price of $61. We've also increased our quarterly cash dividend last quarter -- or this quarter, by 71%. We believe these actions demonstrate our confidence in our business for the long term. Overall, we're delighted with our performance in the first half and will continue to investing in and executing against our plans. We remain nimble and look forward to an exciting second half of the year and beyond. Operator, this concludes our prepared remarks and would now like to open the call for questions.
James F. Wright: Sure, Dan. What we did is we installed the system in our Waco, Texas distribution center and had intended to install one additional unit this year before we install it in our brand-new distribution center in Franklin, Tennessee. We had a little bit of slippage on time as we felt frankly it'd be best to shift our emphasis to the new distribution center in Franklin so that we do not have to bring the entire up to speed on the old system and then convert. So, simply -- nothing more than they have a few weeks of slippage and decision to minimize risk by bringing -- and cost, by focusing on the Franklin, Kentucky distribution center instead of one of the mature DCs.
James F. Wright: Yeah, Dan, I'd be delighted to. First, we anticipate to have a lot more information available probably first quarter of next year, more likely on our analyst meeting. We're spending a great deal of time now assessing the 48 contiguous states to kind of determine the ultimate opportunity. Having said that, we currently have 21 of those stores open and operating. They are, in aggregate, exceeding their sales target and their IRR target and return on sales targets. So we are frankly delighted with the performance of those stores. And beyond the in-aggregate performance, when we look at the over/under, there's very few that are under, and those that are, are very marginally under our initial sales performance. So it's very positive at this point in time.
James F. Wright: Let me add a little bit to that. If we look at the northern parts of our company where the grass got green eventually and stayed green, even in the OPE category, we're actually pleased with the performance. Obviously as you get into the drought areas, that is not the case, but we really see more -- we see more relationship between weather and demand on big-ticket discretionary than we do anything coming from consumer sentiment.
James F. Wright: Hi.David Magee – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Just have a couple of questions. One is, do you have any view of the hurricane season this year? Last year, as I recall, is somewhat subdued as far as the impact, say, the southeast and East Coast? Or is it --
James F. Wright: Well, I won't give you, you know, all of those things you've asked for; I'll give you a few tidbits though. We just reset our equine area, and the initial response from the consumer and our store people had been just terrific. Customer loves the new offerings, it's an area of the store on the far right-hand side that we've been working on for the last year-and-a-half. Very happy with the results of that. We continue to work our private brand mix throughout that store; I've talked about that earlier. You will see a heavier penetration as we hit the midrange of the third quarter with the receipts coming. And I'm very excited about seeing how the customer will respond to those values. And then again, the business of seasonal, we will transition cleanly, we will have our positioning for the early third and then holiday season in place this year. And I think not only are the assortments more tuned by the region, but I'm confident that the depth of inventory and the full of that inventory is going to be far superior to a year ago. So I believe we're going to see a nice performance there.Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. And then lastly, I know this is probably not a huge category for you, but there are some generic flea and tick medicines that are coming to market. I'm just wondering if you're planning on carrying them and what impact do you think that might have on the market.
James F. Wright: We have already several in our assortments. We do plan to pick up one of the new releases, and it may have some impact on the branded product. And we'll just have to wait and see how the customer responds.Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. Congrats again.
James F. Wright: Yeah, we will break it out by region, but what we looked at, as I guess I mentioned, kind of globally. Where we had good solid [late] with solid spring (inaudible) the grass was growing in the north central, northeast, we actually had a good unit increase in [Orion] lawnmowers and we had a nice mix, positive mix adjustment in [Orion] lawnmowers as well.
James F. Wright: Let me -- Greg and I will each answer a piece of that. You're absolutely right, that we responded well in the drought areas, I think supported that business very well. Our customers did lower ticket business at higher margins. I think what's most important to think about our business going into the second half is that the composition of our business and the composition of what drives big ticket is very different in the second half than it is in the first half. The first half is very dependent on the OPE category for ticket increase and the second half is much more dependent on heating, you know, stoves, furnaces, and while it's not what we'd declare a big-ticket item, it's a well above average ticket item, and that would be insulated outerwear. None of which we saw in the first half.
James F. Wright: Great. Thank you very much. There's an old military saying that the greatest battle plan changes when the first shot is fired. If we look at Q2, our actual plan, mix of business, mix by region, that is certainly the case. I'm extremely proud of this team in their ability to anticipate the change in dynamics, to respond to those dynamics, and to land yet another record quarter. So, very pleased with that. A number of years ago, had we experienced the late spring and the drought, how we would not have reported the strikes that we just are pleased to report. That and the fact that we have a very good momentum going to the second half makes me feel very confident in the continued development and success of the company. I thank you all for being on this journey with us and look forward to talking to you at the end of Q3.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Vince, you just said it correctly, we do not anticipate any additional advertising as a need for [cleaning through] merchandise. Very comfortable with our inventory levels. As Jim mentioned earlier, we work the inventory levels day to day, week to week, we made the adjustments early when we saw that the business was not developing early enough in the quarter. And as we move into the second half of this year, we feel very strongly that, as we said, the summer season is going to extend a bit, particularly up in the north, and we're well-positioned with the correct inventories and we plan to capitalize on those sales opportunities.Vincent Sinisi – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks very much, Greg.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, I can speak to that for a moment. Discretionary products are not the mainstay of our business overall. We talk about CUE a lot, we talk about [30/300]. We did mention, and I'll reiterate, that the entire store is working today, all four corners. That would include the discretionary components as well. But I would tell you that we're seeing accelerated growth in the CUE and the [30/300]. We have not seen discretionary fall off to any great degree.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yes, we have. We're very pleased with how our private brand mix in cat foods is performing. I mentioned on last quarter's call about the left-hand side of our store and the emphasis we've had in growing our private brands there, [Jump Smart] and a few other, the products in our lawn and garden category. So we've been very pleased, very pleased with our performance, and we're growing market share in our brands.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yeah, a combination of both, Brent. It's really, it's a space issue that we've had to work through. You'll see some stores with hay in trailers, you know, in the side (inaudible) in the back. So it really is, it's on-demand and it's also in space.Brent Rystrom – Feltl and Company: Thanks, guys.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I can speak to that. As we mentioned earlier, the 3C strategy which is content, commerce and community is the platform we're working from. We are diligent today in bringing the site back into focus against those three things. We believe that over time, and I'm saying this as the next 18 to 24 months, that we will have a more pronounced presence out there on the web with more products, because that's the content piece first, getting the content out there in front of the consumer, having availability for sale. And as we bring into play our ability to be able to transact with drop shipment and as we systematize the special order process, we believe there's nice upside in those two components. I'm just not ready to quantify what that will be yet.David Magee – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. Thanks a lot.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Matt, this is Greg. Yes, I would say that -- what we see is -- and we've talked about this before, how we -- we try to move ahead of the curve of price increase by starting today, let's say, price is moving, and we won't accept that increase for a period of time, and we'll start escalating, moving the price up to where we believe it needs to be once that movement in average cost -- movement in average cost has arrived within our inventories. Now, we watch closely, weekly. We monitor the amount of units that are being sold on all of our key categories, and as part of the pricing optimization flywheel, I guess, as well. And what I will tell you is that when we see any consumer resistant, we will course-correct. But at this point, we're very pleased to say that we're seeing, because of the way we operate, in stair-step, the consumer seems to be accepting and understanding in the pricing. And it's not always that prices are going to go up, by the way. Sometimes we can maintain and offset other places. But not seeing any real resistance at this point.
Gregory A. Sandfort: That's correct. And one of the driving forces, that is not a large part of our business but it is out in other industries, is cotton. Cotton is probably the most extreme of the increases. We've been seeing some increases across the last several quarters within grain and within of course oil products, but cotton will be the one question mark as we get into the third quarter. And then things will start to -- drop back down, I believe.
Anthony F. Crudele: Sure, Mark. This is Tony. When we look at the back half, we really look at the overall trends relative to the first half. There was no dramatic change in our planning for the back half. There might be a slight uptick in the third quarter and potentially we increase the fourth quarter as well. When I look at both first half and second half, obviously just from the overall guidance, you can calculate that the back half will be lower than the first half. We do expect both quarters to be positive with the stronger quarter being the third quarter.Mark Miller – William Blair & Company: It looks like on the incremental sales, that you're projecting a pretty strong drop-through rate to profitability. And my question, follow-up question, is, on the leveraged expense -- leveraged point for expenses for comps, do you expect that still to be in the 2.5% to 3% range, or is that also floating up a little bit? Thanks.
Anthony F. Crudele: Last year it was approximately 22%, and then I think we just broke through 23%. So, got a point to point-and-a-half increase.Mark Miller – William Blair & Company: Great. Thanks a lot.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes. I mean -- this is Tony -- we quickly adjusted, when it came to the marketing plan and based on the sales trends early in the quarter. And what was good about our plan was that even as we pulled back on some of the expenditures to get an additional leverage, we continued to drive traffic and drove it right into the, really, the strong pent-up demand in the May and June timeframe. So we felt that not only did we get the traffic, but we were able to control that expenditure. We did look at a lot of the discretionary expenditures as we moved into the quarter and managed those as effectively as well when it comes to some of our general and administrative expenses.
Anthony F. Crudele: In addition, moving to the fourth quarter and the -- course cattle aren't out and grazing, [the P] becomes more prevalent relative to the sales level as a percentage of sales. And obviously that's been a very strong chute for us. So generally, as we move into the back half of the year, we're less dependent on some of the outside variables that [will drive] the business.
Anthony F. Crudele: No, we did not provide any ranges and it'd be very difficult to do, as we try to quantify sort of the shift between the two months of April and May. The one thing that we have noticed is that it's digging up to a very late start it accelerated tremendously in May and it continued to be very strong in June, which gives us a lot of optimism that that season will continue longer than what we normally would consider as sort of that spring selling season. And obviously as we moved into July, that trend has continued. And so we feel very optimistic that we'll regain a lot of the sales that were lost because of the cold weather in April.
Anthony F. Crudele: Relative to comp sales, no, we don't -- we give general direction, but we do not give specific comp trends on a month-to-month basis.
Anthony F. Crudele: The norm is that generally April has the strongest sales per week, with May being second, June being the weakest, but June being a five-week month, generally there's a fairly equal distribution between April, May and June. So you can look at it that way in a normal weather environment, you would look at it sort of generally flat between the three months.
