Gregory A. Sandfort: Thank you, Tony. As Tony said, we are very pleased with the way our business performed in the third quarter. We ended the quarter in solid shape from both the merchandise and inventory perspective, and believe we are well positioned to take advantage of the fourth quarter business ahead. While there is a lot of discussion about the current retail environment, we continue to see little change in the needs-based purchasing behavior of our consumers. Our business has evolved into a 12-month business, which today, is impacted less by seasonal, weather or micro trends the way it was a few years ago. We have become very efficient at managing inventory to address changes in weather, consumer preference and merchandise trends. In fact, we believe our ability to merchandise our stores with the right product at the right time has become a strategic advantage for Tractor Supply, and we remain really confident in our ability to execute our business over the long term. We are focused on driving operating profit dollars across the organization and maximizing return on capital. Sales, gross margin, expense leverage, inventory productivity and capital allocation are all important to driving capital returns, and we will continue to take a balanced approach to managing these variables and driving shareholder value. Operator, we would now like to open the call to questions.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Alan, this is Greg. Two things to talk to. One is, even though we had a very nice increase in our exclusive brand sales component for the quarter, I'm really reluctant to say that there's a number that we're reaching toward. And the reason I feel that way is that as we have grown these categories and we see the customer giving us the positive nod to their pocket book, their spend, it gives us confidence to take it out another ring. So even though we're sitting a little over 30%, the number is really hard to peg because it does vary by category, and sometimes by season of the year. The second thing is we don't usually comment about what kind of contribution margin is giving us out of the exclusive brands, but I can tell you that there's a range of hundreds of basis points improvement between what we can do on our own as we build it and source it and put it into our stores versus buying it as a national brand. And there's no question that there's been some significant movement in the direct margin side, which is really the first margin as we bring that product into our stores. Now the bottom line is, you have to sell it at pretty much the regular price. It has to be a good value to the customer in order for you to achieve the margin rates and take that to the bottom line. But we're very comfortable in the way we source the product today, build the product today that we're giving high quality, great value, and that's why we believe it's doing as well as it is.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Lynda, this is Greg again. We approach every season with, I guess, a new set of challenges and opportunities that we see in front of us. We are being conservative from a standpoint of looking at our sales trends throughout the year. We use a process in our company called correction of error that we use every season as we go through it. And we're using that -- those data points that we captured last year, and that's how we built our plan for this fourth quarter. So what I would tell you is we see opportunities. We believe that trends in some of our businesses will continue through fourth quarter. And the all-important day after Thanksgiving weekend for us is a good indicator as to how the consumer will spend through the remainder of the holiday season. But we're feeling fairly positive right now about this season.
Gregory A. Sandfort: No. I would tell you that we track all of our stores' sales and performances throughout. And I can't say, honestly, that we've seen any shift in our sales in markets that are maybe a little less demo.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Chris, this is Greg. First of all, yes, we -- you mentioned a few things that we're staying in business in those categories in a limited number of stores. What we basically have done is expanded some programs and live goods. We have maintained some of the plan-o-grams in the areas where you're going to see like insect repellants and fertilizers and different things of that nature that continue to be products people use in those markets throughout the year. It's several hundred stores that this program has stayed in this year, and we gave it the appropriate attention when it came to inventory support because we were hearing from our stores every year, "Listen, we're exiting the seasons too early. For us, there's some products we should carry year round." It's been a nice addition to the business. It really is just addressing the consumers' needs in those markets. That's what we've done.
Gregory A. Sandfort: John, the testing process has been something that we have focused on for the last probably 3 years. And Steve and the team continued to bring new things to the store, whether it's in the center court, where we use the drive aisle areas, the end caps, or sometimes even 4-foot section resets, and it's limited. In groupings of stores, we don't push it across the company until we can prove the test to be successful. But we -- I would say, you're never in any inning when it comes to testing, because there's always new products, new things to be tried. You're always trying to stretch the envelope, and we have a philosophy here of fail often, early and cheaply. And so we're going to continue to push that strategy and bring our customers, the latest, the greatest and some of the more novel things that are out there in the market. And I would tell you that not all of them fall under the banner of exclusive brands. Some do, some don't. Some are some things that Steve and the team will find through our process of these vendor days that they have here, where we -- 3 or 4 days we dedicate 3 times a year, and new vendors come in and show us new products, and we make some selections and we try and test things. So process is healthy. Process is well run. It's well oiled. We're probably now in our fourth year of it, and it's just going to get better with time.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Big-ticket sales was, for the most part, yes, across the board in every region. And I think we weren't surprised by what we saw in outdoor power equipment because we saw the season extending. And I don't know that I would say there was really any major surprises there. I like the fact that we saw some push in our tool business and we saw some push in our garden tool business, the hand tool and garden tool business, which leads me to believe that consumers are understanding the value proposition that we're giving them in our store. So really no surprises, just delighted with the results.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Scot, a couple of things. I don't believe we cannibalize fourth quarter at all. There's a complete shift in the business as the weather starts to turn. We were just capitalizing on an extended, I'll call it, spring-summer season, and that helped us in third along with the C.U.E. businesses continuing to perform well. As far as corn prices and what Tony was referring to in the inflation-deflation component, yes, we're seeing a little bit of that in the mixture of some of our products. But remember, corn is not the primary ingredient in everything that we sell. It is a component of some things, but not all. So it does have some impact more in the feed business than probably any place else.
Gregory A. Sandfort: This is Greg, Michael. There's always that risk that as prices come down, we have to sell one point x times more units to offset the volume from a year ago. One of the things we track closely and we look at it, and we talk about this a lot is market share growth, market share growth. And so even though we may be moving down in retail price, we have that methodology here and it's pretty rigorous, that as we see prices -- the input prices start to come down, we stair-step down our retail prices. And sometimes we hold onto some of that margin. We don't give it all back because in many cases, we can be the leader of price in some of these categories with the amount of stores we have across the country now. So I would tell you that we do a very good job of managing deflation and inflation when it happens. We are very sticky on our retail, and we look for trying to take every penny to the bottom line if we can.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, first, let me say that it will be a slow ramp, because you are right. There are challenges with many of the products we sell. If we felt we could move those through a supply chain and to the customer cost effectively, it is challenging. However, that being said, there's a tremendous amount of traffic that's coming to our site for information, first; for exchange of information, second. So it's information about products, then they're exchanging information amongst themselves. The customers are talking between themselves. And there are things that we can execute from a delivery to the consumer, either it's drop ship or it's buy online, pick up at store, variations of that, that can work very effectively for Tractor Supply. Our challenge is going to be getting the SKU base structure out there appropriately, and then understanding the cost component of moving that product through our supply chain or from the manufacturer to the customer. And those are -- that's a mixture of variables. It's not like dealing with jewelry or apparel. We have everything in this store, so there are some categories where it will be much more difficult, some categories where it will be fairly easy. I believe that there's a long tail portion for us longer term that could be very beneficial. A customer is coming to tractorsupply.com and saying "I'm looking for a unique part for a 1953 9N Ford tractor. Where would I look for it? Well, I'll go to tractorsupply.com." And we can pop things up and through our alliances with other manufacturers, be able to have an availability of product there for the customer to choose from. They click buy from us, it's fulfilled from that manufacturer. So I could go on and on about what I believe, Dan, this can be, but it will be a slow ramp. I do think there's a lot of benefit here. And one thing you can't forget about is the social aspect of what's going on with the websites right now. We have a social aspect to our company already. If you ever shop in our stores, and you see how our customers interact with one another and the team members, that's translating to the web. And we're cognizant of that in making sure that we're playing -- going to play in that space effectively.
Gregory A. Sandfort: What I would comment to is that I think more customers are starting to discover Tractor Supply as a store that, even though the name says Tractor Supply, there are a number of products inside that they would buy from us. And some of this is word of mouth, some of this is through some of our testing of some new marketing methodologies, but we are and can be a store for many more people than just this core rural customer. And I think that's where we're seeing some of this growth.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yes. I think, they may have been shopping at the local pet store, and now they're saying, "Tractor Supply is a great option."
Gregory A. Sandfort: Denise, this is Greg. We can track existing customers a lot easier than we can track new customers, to be very honest, unless they come in to the -- some promotional event that we've done and we can, through bar coding, be able to know that they are a new customer to file. I can tell you this, we are seeing increased footsteps from the customer base we have, which leads me to believe that we are becoming more of their sole destination and they're spending more of their wallet with us. We are still working on some of the new customer acquisition strategies. And at this point in time, I don't have much to talk to you about that. But that is also another piece of the focus.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, ironically, the penetration is not that different, really, spring to fall because the categories shift, but I'll give you an example. In the spring season, you may have GroundWork's products in -- all across the garden categories. In the fall, you may have products in heating that you wouldn't see in the spring season. So these are some of the changes that occur between spring and fall. Now I'll just give you 2 examples. There's many more, but that's some of the things we have to -- we consider. And there are some brands that run across the store every day like C.E. Schmidt. You'll see spring apparel and footwear there. You'll also see fall apparel and footwear in those brands. So it's a combination really of all 3.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I can speak to this. Tony will probably chime in. Typically what happens when we go into a new market, before we go, we do our research, and we look at a couple of things. One is what is the current competition doing and doing well? So we have to be able to match up. Secondly, where are their gaps? Where are they vulnerable? And we look for those. And then we put -- we kind of make that decision. Then the third piece is, we say, "Where do we, as Tractor Supply, win and where can't they compete with us?" And to be honest, it's still early in the game in the West to say that everything that we're learning as we go into these markets, we've got it figured it out. But I will tell you that we've had great success using some of this formula going into new markets and getting these stores as close to right as we can with assortment and then some of our marketing approaches. We also do something quite different with adding a new store team that babysits these new stores for that first year and listens to their needs and the wants from the customers that possibly we could have missed when we first opened. So it's a pretty thorough process.
Gregory A. Sandfort: All right. Well, Peter, we'll start in reverse. We'll talk mixing centers, still operating out of Waco. Test has proven itself. We are looking for sites currently. And I believe we'll have a site located hopefully about the first -- or end of this year and start to really get this thing operational. As far as other initiatives, demand planning, we are currently working now with SaaS, and we will start to roll into that new format next year. And it will take about 18 months to roll it completely out and have it through the entire company, touching all of the parts of the merchandising group that it needs to. As far as other things in the supply chain, we're spending a lot of time there trying to understand what labor management can mean. We do have it up and running in one of our buildings. We are liking what we are seeing initially with the reporting and our ability to be able to interact with the team members out there and give them goals and objectives as they're doing their picking and sortings and building of pallets and such within the mix of the goods that are coming to the building. We also have another new component in that Macon facility, the import center. And really what that's being used for is to stage a lot of the bulk inventory that comes in from the Far East and stage it in that building and not have to pre-distribute. We can do it post. So we can start looking at keeping that bulk there, pushing minimal quantities to the stores initially. And then as the demand of sales are generated, we'll then start to push that bulk in that building out to those distribution centers based upon the needs of those stores. And that's very unique. It is something that we've been talking to for a while. We now have it in process. So far, so good as far as what we're seeing from that, but there's a lot of learnings there, a lot of learnings.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Matt, I'll speak to it, and I know Tony has got some comments. We have said all along that we thought the third and fourth quarter this year, we would see some improvement in margin rate. We knew that there was some deflation coming into play. We also knew that our mix of exclusive brand products and our import -- the strategic import programs we're going to start to ramp as we go into this fall. So that's a direct margin push, good guys. So we knew there were some factors coming into this that made us feel more comfortable that we had some running room here on rate. And we believe that is sustainable. Now you still got headwinds. You still got headwinds with some of -- freight. You've still got headwinds with a mix with C.U.E., but the headwinds were a little eased this quarter in comparison to earlier quarters of the year.
Gregory A. Sandfort: One thing, Matt, what we can tell you is Q3 of 2012 to Q3 of 2013, there was about a full 3 points worth of movement, 27.5% to probably over 30% to 31%, so nice movement.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yes. When you look at spring, as an example, it could be lawn carts. It could be, let me think, wheelbarrows, things of that nature, things that you would be bringing in, in bulk because you're importing them. And instead of trying to push those out to every store in a pre-distribution process using last year's sales as history, we would rather see that inventory sitting in one large location. And as the sales start to develop in the season, then you start to push that inventory out to those DCs that feed the stores in those regions. So it's a more precise way of allocating inventory to sales. That's the advantage.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, first of all, I would probably challenge you on a -- this wide customer base you're talking about. We really are pretty narrow in the customer we try to target. These people that live outside the cities, that live in this lifestyle, it's a pretty narrowed group. However, the store itself does appeal and can appeal to many other segments. Now getting to the piece about how do we cultivate customers and how we're selling big-ticket, our customers typically buy out of need. So when you think about that, you say, if they buy a piece of outdoor power equipment and they've spent good money on that, let's say, they've spent $3,000 or $4,000, they will take care of that piece of equipment for a period of time. And what we saw back in the early part of the recession was instead of replacing, they were repairing and extending life. Now we may have seen in the second half of this summer, the extended season here, a little bit of the fact that some of those units couldn't extend the life and so they had to replace them. And I'm not telling you that we're in that cycle. But clearly, that extended season gave us some opportunity to sell some more units, and it's possible some of those units couldn't -- the life couldn't be extended. But we talk to our customers very specifically through the Internet, through direct mail, through our marketing process that talks to them more directly. It's not broad based. It's very targeted. And we have a very targeted base of -- in our databases here in the marketing department. So I would tell you that we know them probably better than many of the people we compete with. We know many of their buying patterns and their needs. We need to learn more, but we play off of that and we send them offers and we talk to them directly about the things that they're interested in. And I think that's probably one of the unique things about us with our customer base.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Wow. Adam, that was about 10 questions in one, I think, that you just asked us. Let's start maybe talking a little bit about the gross margin in general and the components of it. Typically, when we have inflation, okay, we see comps moving up and sometimes pressure on margin. Vice versa, when we have deflation, we see sometimes some pressure on comp sales, but we see margin rate moving. What you're seeing right now in our business is a different blend again and the blends will be changing as the company evolves. C.U.E. has become more important. Not all of C.U.E. is low, low, low margins, but a lot of that high-velocity, high-volume stuff that is low in value is lower in margin. So as that mix would grow, and as Tony said, it looks like it's going to start to moderate because there's other parts of the store that Steve and the team are driving sales behind, it makes the blend a little different than it was in second quarter and it'll probably be a little different again in fourth quarter. And you say, "Well, why do you say that?" Well, in fourth quarter, I've got a lot of high margin, I'll call it, gift-type products sitting in the store that if it translates and I sell more of that at the higher margin rate, I take that to the bottom line, that takes some of the pressure off to the mix of the margin again. So because of the kind of store we are -- we're not just an apparel store. We're not just a feed store. We're not just a tools store. We're not just an outdoor power equipment store. All these mixtures of things, it is our responsibility as the manager of this company to look at these constantly, look at the balances, make sure that when we're planning our marketing, our advertising, our presentations in the stores, where we plan to drive our business, we understand those triggers and those levers. And it is -- it's not easy. And I would tell you that the operators in the store side, in Lee's group and Steve's group on the merchandise side, they're talking constantly about mix. They're talking constantly about the constitution of our average sale in the store, what is it looking like today versus 3 months, versus a year ago? So this threshold you're talking about is at some point when you get to a certain level of velocity, do things start to level out and do costs kind of stabilize? I think as we work this process of understanding, using maybe the mixing-center concept as a variable, we can start taking cost out of high-velocity, high-volume, low-value product. That's going to be a big plus for us. But I can't tell you that we've got all of that figured out yet, but that's a component of C.U.E. that we're working on. And I have confidence we will find the answer at some point, and that will help us start to level some of these fluctuations. But I will tell you that weather plays a role, a consumer confidence will play a role, timing of events and such play a role. So there's so many variables here, Adam, that it's not an easy conversation to have, to be honest.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Joe, this is Greg. I would tell you first that the transaction values are very similar to what they were in prior quarters. So we're not seeing them spending really more or less. I think what we truly are seeing is, as Tony mentioned earlier, 2 things: One, current consumer base giving us more of their wallet. They're buying more things with us. Remember, we talked earlier about how we take a customer who's maybe buying in the equine area and we start to talk to them through our marketing vehicles and our capture of information about other pets that they may have and other products they may want to entertain buying from us because we know that horse or equine customers have other pets. And we're starting to see some of that movement. We can track that. The second thing is, clearly, it's a market share game, and we're seeing market share growing. We're being told that by the industries that we do business in, and that's many new customers for the most part.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Really hard to say where it's coming from. I would tell you that I think it's customers are finding us to be a better solution for them. Maybe it's an easier shop for them, it's a more convenient shop for them, it's a one-stop shop. We talk about that all the time. I honestly believe that's what it is. And as we look at the basket of the sale, we're starting to see that there's more things going into that basket from some of those current consumers that we do track.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Okay. In closing, I'd like to thank all of those who are invested in Tractor Supply, and I'd like to personally thank and recognize all of our hard-working team members who serve our customers each and every business day. As many of you have heard me say before and comment, retail is really all about people. And I recently had the opportunity to visit a number of our new Western store locations, and I continue to be impressed with the quality of our team members that are serving our customers out there. Our field management continues to place great emphasis on hiring hard-working, knowledgeable team members with winning attitudes. Tractor Supply is celebrating its 75th anniversary this year and was founded on a core set of values that remain our company's guiding principles today. I am proud to be -- to play a role here and to be part of this organization, and I remain very excited about the many opportunities that lie ahead of us. Thank you, all, and we look forward to speaking to you again on our fourth quarter year-end earnings call.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes. Chris, this is Tony. When we look at -- it's obviously hard to break out some of the pieces in the business. A lot of what we look at is we'll segregate categories that we call year-round categories versus the seasonal categories. And it clearly was a solid split between those categories. So we felt that we had some significant drivers in both the foot traffic generation, as well as the sort of add-ons that we got from the spring selling season. I think, when you look at this year and last year, as we went through the first 9 months, we have a very comparable sort of 5%, 5.5% comp in both years. So it really represents the seasons throughout the first 9 months. And as we talked about, sometimes we will just have a shift between the quarters. But as you look at us on a full year basis, we look at it as very consistent performance.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes. At this point in time, we really didn't want to get into any specifics or details. What I was trying to do, Chris, was to make sure that as you model into next year, I know a lot of the analysts are looking at onetime charges this year, and obviously, looking at them as one-time and adding back to next year. And I just wanted to make it clear that there are a few other things as we enter into next year that will also provide a headwind. So again, I wanted to keep it top level in general. I want to be able to, at least, have some discussions as we go out in the last quarter so that you have a little bit of lead time when it comes to doing your modeling. I would tell you that relative to the transition, it's a good portion of that number. But as we get closer to the conference call next time and we give full guidance, we might be able to provide a little bit more specifics as to those numbers.
Anthony F. Crudele: Well, Michael, obviously, there's a lot of overlap there. And I think we'd be doing a disservice trying to break out the component in those, to that extent. I can clearly tell you that all 3 were a driver as far as the margin goes, and it sort of really worked in tandem, all 3. I got all 4, were drivers in the -- as far as the initiatives go. But overall, the only aspect that I would always caution as far as the year-over-year is clearly the clearance piece and how we manage that year-over-year. So generally, the initiatives will drive and will be carried forward and sustainable. However, as we go through seasons, I think we've benefited significantly as we had the extended season and we had very successful inventory management and exit out of the season.
Anthony F. Crudele: Michael, this is Tony. Let me just add that what's important to note is as much as we may have some headwinds on the sales line, when we have deflation, the gross margin rate will show improvement. Just as we had talked in the past when we have the inflation, the gross margin rate is a little bit more difficult to manage. So as management, it is our responsibility to be able to manage through both that inflation and deflation period. But as much as there may be pressure on the top line, we believe that we can benefit on the gross margin line.
Anthony F. Crudele: At this point in time as we model it out, we're not overly concerned. Obviously, it depends as to the magnitude that we see. But as we move forward, we have shown, as through '08 and '09, that we can effectively manage through a deflationary period.
Anthony F. Crudele: Certainly. As we've headed west, we've just been very pleased with the performance of those stores. And as we backfill as well, we just feel that the stores come out a lot stronger. We understand the markets better and we've been getting the right merchandise there. So we're really pleased with the performance of the stores, and they continue to beat the pro formas in which we've established for them.
Anthony F. Crudele: It should be mathematical. Both years have been very good years for us and they've performed very similarly.
Anthony F. Crudele: Denise, this is Tony. When we look at and talk to vendors and get data points, it's very clear that we are taking market share. So there is a good portion of new customers that we're attracting.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes. When it comes to big-ticket, like I had stated in the prepared remarks, it was just slightly under the chain average. So as a percent of the total, it didn't impact the overall comp significantly. And as I alluded to in the comments as well, when it comes to the average ticket itself, it just didn't have a significant impact to the average ticket. So overall, we're really pleased with how it performed, obviously, driven by the extended spring. But overall, it was very consistent with the overall performance of the company.
Anthony F. Crudele: In this case, it would benefit because some of the categories, in particular, riding lawnmowers, was very strong during the August -- July and August period. However, it was offset by some of the emergency response that we experienced last year related to Hurricane Isaac and as well as there was some Mid-Atlantic power outages in the early part of the quarter. Also, we talked a little bit about the end of September as we look -- as we await cold weather. A lot of times, we may have some cold weather product merchandise, chainsaws, heating, et cetera, that we sell at the end of the quarter and we did not have those sales. So it was a little bit of a mixed bag, but generally driven by the power equipment storage category and strong sales in trailers.
Anthony F. Crudele: I'd love to tell you that they're coming in less, but we are right on plan. It's just really the staging of the payments itself based -- when we look out throughout the rest of the year, they're going to probably trail what we had anticipated at the beginning of the year, and that's principally related to the new Store Support Center. As we roll into next year, I am still going to vigorously try to maintain our $250 million target. There may be a few additional projects that will drive that number up a little bit, but I'm going to try to maintain the CapEx in that range to try to keep some consistency from year-to-year.
Anthony F. Crudele: Generally, it was about where we had anticipated. And I, unfortunately, get a little confused as we did the stock split. But we had said originally, I want to say 5 to 7, so that takes me to about 3.5 on the high end. We definitely came in at around the high end when you add up all the quarters.
Anthony F. Crudele: As far as 2014 goes, we anticipate in 2015 to have a Southwest distribution center. We would expect to incur some costs next year most likely with either the acquisition of land, but we do not plan to have significant expenditures around that. It could range to maybe $4 million to $5 million. So I don't see that as any type of deviation from our 5-year forecast on CapEx. When it comes to the Store Support Center, as much of some of the payments are lagging our forecast, we still maintain being on budget. And as we move into 2014, again, I've targeted $250 million of CapEx in our long-term forecast, and I'd like to try to stay within that guard rail.
Anthony F. Crudele: I would echo Greg's comments and just say that having the later spring, we had good positive margins from some of our spring categories that we may not normally see in the July, August time frame. And so that was a driver. And again, as I mentioned earlier, when it comes to clearing out of seasons, that can have an impact on a particular quarter and it will vary from quarter-to-quarter how we exit seasons. So again we're very successful on how we managed through the spring exit and that obviously has a positive impact on the margins.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes. I have to get you the exact number. I thought that we were up approximately on a full year basis -- on a quarter basis we were up almost a full percentage point, but I don't have the year -- the full year number.
Anthony F. Crudele: Well, when we talk about the data center and the distribution center relocations, they clearly were the largest drivers, and they would be onetime events. As we move into 2014, the move of the Store Support Center would be a one-time event. Obviously, as we start to move to 2014, we can make a better assessment as to the impact of the Affordable Care Act, as well as getting a feel for the impact on freight when it comes to our supply chain in the West stores. So it is a little bit different than on a year-over-year basis as these discrete items in 2013 are a onetime charge, whereas next year they may be more embedded in the run rate.
Anthony F. Crudele: All the 3 factors that I mentioned constitute the $0.04 to $0.05. And again, I'm just trying to give you an overall perspective early on so that it doesn't come as any surprise when we have our more detailed call, fourth quarter call.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes. Definitely, when it comes to the C.U.E. items, we would expect that they will moderate slightly as they become a larger piece of the base. So the deviation from that, I'd say, base or norm will become less and will be less impactful. We have seen some improvement in certain categories, but you have to remember that the C.U.E. items really expand all 5 of the major categories, and there are so many different SKUs that you're going to have various mix from quarter-to-quarter. So I don't think you can really look at it and say, "Okay, C.U.E. items, the margins have improved and that's what's driving the moderation." I think you have a combination of things, as we've talked about. As we move into a deflationary period, gross margin percent improves, so you have that. You have some improved margins as we move into some of the newer stores. So there's a lot of different variables as well as the price optimization and improvement in prices. Now that, obviously, would be sustainable as far the improvement in the C.U.E. margins. So a lot of different variables. And again, it's our responsibility to manage those.
Anthony F. Crudele: If I look year-over-year, I don't believe that it would be too different. I would say, I'm expecting it to be similar.
Anthony F. Crudele: Again, it is very difficult to try to differentiate between the 2. However, being with the business for as long as we have, when we look at the customer, we look at core categories, we see how they're spending their dollars, we could tell that the driver, principally in the back half of September, really was more the cold-weather products. And so that gave us comfort that it wasn't necessarily the customer, but it was more of a seasonal issue as we transition into fall/winter.
