Hal Lawton: Thanks, Kurt. Tractor Supply has a proven business model that has been resilient over many business cycles. Throughout our 85-year history, we have successfully navigated all types of business environments and have emerged stronger each time. We continue to see positive migration trends to our markets. This marks the third consecutive year of positive population growth in rural America. This reflects an increased desire to seek out more space and take advantage of the affordability that country suburban, exurban and rural markets offer with a lower cost of living and the ability to live Life Out Here. It is our view that the sense of community found in our markets, and perhaps more importantly, the ability to secure a piece of property at a reasonable price, has ensured the rural migration trend is one that's here to stay for the time being. The millennial generation has embraced Life Out Here. Our customers have been resilient thus far in the face of slower macroeconomic growth, elevated inflation and higher interest rates, and they prioritize their lifestyle and passions. With significant growth and market share opportunities, we are excited about the balance of the year and remain confident in our business. My thanks and appreciation go out to the team for their dedication to living our mission values every day. And now, we'd like to open up the call for questions. Thank you so much.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Stephen. Good morning, it's Hal, and thanks for your question. Thanks for joining our call. We remain very confident in our sales guidance or in our earnings guidance for the year. As we've stated on the call, about 200 basis points of our -- we were below our sales comp expectations by about 200 basis points due to weather. About 80% of that was due to the spring/fall off in the last three weeks of the quarter with about 20% of that being in January. So January is a much smaller component, particularly when you look at it over the fullness of the year. As Kurt said, there are a number of ways that we see path to recovering not only the Spring sales but potentially the winter sales as the year progress. As we mentioned in the year 2013, and there are several other years that have similar profiles where you've got a cooler weather spring, that has pushed the season into the summer time as yards remain, kind of, remain green and growing, past years remain growing cultivation in farms continue to happen, and our business remains strong into those years into those months. In particular, if you recall last year, in the midst of summer, we had one in 10-year drought. So the lapping of that looks very promising. On the consumer more broadly, we've not seen a sequential change in consumer behavior from Q3 and Q4 last year into Q1 of this year. The same themes that we were sharing last year are the same themes that we would reiterate here on this call. Discretionary, which only represents 15% of our business, continues to perform under average. That -- the pace of that is about the same as it was in Q3 and Q4. Our units per transaction continued to face modest pressure, low single-digits as consumers continue to be judicious in their basket. But that's -- we've been calling that out for the last couple of quarters. But otherwise, we've really not seen any sequential change in consumer spending. There are some categories where we're seeing spend, consumer shift up in their spend in poultry, our organic fee continues to be the strongest kind of, segment in our feed. In dog food, we are seeing economy continue to be strong, but that's actually due to the increased customers that Seth called out. If you look at our core customer base from one year ago and two years ago, they haven't changed at all their food buying behavior. So really not a lot of change in the consumer behavior from last year. Big ticket continues to run about the same. The January falloff was measurable but small. And really, it came down to the last 3 weeks of the quarter, which were cooler, wetter and snowier than we anticipated on top of an underperforming spring last year.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Scott, so I'll reference that really just in the context of dominantly a big ticket and the fact that, historically, if you were to take out 2021, when you had the – the stimulus and you were to take out 2020 when there was a modest stimulus combined with, obviously, COVID, I think if you were to go back over like my 20-plus years history in retail and home improvement and the farm and ranch, Seth and Kurt, I think we'd all say that like things like riding lawn mowers, bigger ticket items like that, customers typically buy them when they need. The vast majority of those categories or purchases are needs based. And that's really what we were trying to signal is we're seeing more of that than we did kind of in 2020 and 2021, really more of reversion to kind of historic purchasing patterns of those sorts of categories, nothing otherwise intended to be implied.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Chris, as we called out quarter-to-date, we're nearly done with April is mid-single-digit comps and low positive single-digit comp transactions. And so given the cool wet weather that's continued into April, we're relatively pleased with that performance. As a recollection from last year, June was not a strong spring selling season. The last year's spring only had a handful of really good weeks, and then it went very hot. And that's what I was referencing earlier about the drought. If you recall, on our Q2 call, we started to talk about the drought in the back half of -- kind of back half of June and into July. And then we reiterated that that we saw that impact us for the first six, eight weeks of Q3 as well. So, we are optimistic that we can have a solid May comp on top of a weaker June and have an extended selling season into July and August this year, particularly in core areas for us, like Florida, Texas, and California. California and Texas, in particular, were under extreme drought conditions by the time we got to mid-June last year and really extended into September. As we know, those areas have had extreme weather the first half -- the first quarter of this year. We're all reading about the flooding in California and such. And we think that will bode well for us as we get into the summertime in those areas of the country.
Hal Lawton: Yes. And thanks for calling that out, Chris. As Kurt mentioned in his prepared remarks, we see a variety of ways for us to achieve our guidance this year, both on the sales side and on the earnings side. And as it relates to earnings, there's a number of expense opportunities that are starting to show up, if you will, particularly in our supply chain and in the Orscheln integration cost. On the gross margin side, look, this is the benefit of being a scaled player in our market. And when you start to see kind of just a little bit of moderation in pricing, we're able to take advantage of that and drive some upside in our gross margin rate and still remain incredibly price competitive and lead the market there. Additionally, we've seen container costs come down significantly, and that's starting to flow through. And it had some impact in Q1, but it will have more impact in Q2 and Q3. Also domestic freight is starting to trend down as well. There was a couple of, I think -- recently, one of the big freight companies mentioned that we were in a freight recession or depression, and that bodes well for us in terms of being able to leverage our scale to drive down freight costs, in particular because we've got new routes to market coming online with our new DC. And obviously, with the 150 stores we have that we're building plus with Orscheln. So, we feel really good about our gross margin rate performance. Do you feel like there's continued upside as we look towards the year? And that's one of the reasons that gives us strong confidence to be able to reinforce our guidance.
Hal Lawton: Yeah. Hey, good morning. And thanks, Seth, for the question. I'll speak just about Orscheln integration for a moment. First off, it's -- the integration is going very well. Most importantly, it's being well received by the Orscheln team members as they are converting to Tractor Supply team members. And it's also being really well received by customers and even more so than I anticipated. Secondly, the team is doing a fantastic job cadencing the stores and transitioning them over to Tractor Supply banners. We have several done already. We've got almost 20 that are converted from a point-of-sale transaction. We're implementing the Fusion remodel on all of them, and we are on -- we are ahead of schedule on those transitions. And then what that allows us to do is to take our back half plan and optimize a bit how the expense structure that we had planned. And so, specifically, there's two elements that are driving that. The first is our IT integration cost. Our team is doing an excellent job integrating from an IT perspective, and we're finding some leverage there and some need to not have to spend what we previously anticipated. And the second is around the sale of the SSC and the DC. We previously planned that to the end of the year. We're now optimistic that we can pull that forward by maybe a month or two or three, and we'll save some dollars there as well from an operating cost perspective. So in general, the Orscheln acquisition is going very, very well. We're very pleased with how it's progressing and wanted to share that outlook today. More broadly, what I'd say is, I think like most companies that are reporting this weekly cycle, everyone is kind of -- you seem to see a lot of people holding guidance in spite of like what you just articulated, some upside for us on gross margin rate, on expense and others just in the spirit of -- because there's a lot of the year left to go.
Hal Lawton: And Brian, this is Hal. Just to add on to that. I mean, if you go back and look at weeks eight, nine and 10, where we were starting to comp on some tougher weather from last year, and kind of, late spring, early March was actually good weather, kind of, reasonably across the country, we had high single-digit comps those three weeks. And then as you get into the last three weeks, we had negative comps those three weeks, and it was driven by the geographies that Kurt mentioned, kind of, from the State of Virginia all the way up to the Northeast through the Midwest. And they were comping on top of tough weather from last year, and it was worse weather than they had -- than we had this year. You know, if you look at areas like Kurt said, in Florida and Texas and elsewhere, we had good seasonal spring seasonal businesses in those areas. So really, we just point to those three weeks. And then as we said, as we bounce back here in April at the mid single-digit comp rate.
Hal Lawton: We'd love to be a weather predictor and be good at it. As you know, most of the weather forecast you get are either 12 months out and then like three weeks out. But the reason we brought up 2013. 2014, by the way, was a kind of reasonably similar year pattern, where you had a similar -- in fact, we went back and pulled our earnings transcripts from those dates and looked at them. And we almost had a very similar earnings call where we talked about weather in Q1, cold, wetter, could potentially lead to an extended selling season into the summer, and that's sure enough is exactly what happened in both of those years. And that's why we brought it up to say there is very much a precedent for it. And in particular, this year we'll be comping on top of a one and 10-year drought last year. So we're cautiously optimistic that we can have an extended selling season this year, which would be on top of tougher comps -- I mean, easier comps from last year.
Hal Lawton: Yeah, hey Steven, thanks so much for the question. I'll hit three things quickly and just in the sake of time. First off, the capital spend for both the garden center projects, kind of side lot transformations and the inside-the-store Fusion transformation continues to reduce. It's a key area of focus and one of our primary metrics that we're evaluating our performance on our strategic initiatives this year. The second thing is the performance of our Fusion and Side Lot remodels are continuing to perform at the same rate as they have in the last couple of years, which we're incredibly pleased with because we're now reaching significant scale on both inside of our company. The third thing is, we are very pleased with the live goods performance. I think it's strategically going to be big for us this year. It's a low-cost way for people to beautify their yards, kind of -- and there's going to be a lot of refreshing coming out of the December and November storms that happened and we are well-positioned for that. And one of the things we always talk about is you can now see live goods sales, “from space” in our daily and weekly sales reporting, which is exactly what the plan was at the beginning of the year now with 350 garden centers.
Kurt Barton: Simeon, this is Kurt. I'll hit both of those. Why don't I start with the second then the first. It's a quick one. The -- the variation between geographies between weeks all reinforce what Hal was just saying. To your question, if you take like the Midwest, Northeast Commonwealth states, you compare that to the rest of the geographies. You did see a disparity because those states had a very mild winter, where it's really strong for them. And then they saw no spring, they basically saw more snowfall in March than they did in January. So we did see a very clear disparity between those low or mid-single-digit negative to mid-single-digit positive in the other geographies, which, again, just gives us the confidence in the trends of the business. On the gross margin question, I'll give the primary drivers, and I'll just give you the order of magnitude on what we're seeing in gross margin. And these are all areas of structural improvements. These are things that we planned for, but as Hal said, we see continued upside in gross margin. First is our price management was the biggest driver of that. That was offset by the second, which would have been a mix impact from CUE and then the third was benefit from freight. Freight is the one that we believe continues to have potential benefit going forward. On price management, just a couple of points on there. When we talk price management, it really includes more than just managing the retail price. It's the retail pricing, it's the management of everyday low pricing, our promos, and then even the cost negotiation and concessions. And Seth the team did an excellent job leveraging our scale, our size in this environment to produce a strong enough price management direct margin to offset -- more than offset the CUE. So between retail price management and pressure from CUE, that was about half the benefit. Transportation was about the other half.
Kurt Barton: Hey, Brian, this is Kurt. Yes. On that, I'll give -- I'll just continue to give a few points. In areas where they're not as impacted by weather, you heard me mention to the previous question, the South, the Texas area, Far West, all those areas we saw performance in line with our expectations versus the areas of the North and Midwest where it was below our expectations. I'll also add in what also was so evident to us is that internally, when we look at the variation by categories in merchandising, the categories that we -- that are not impacted by weather variations right in line with expectations. When we look at the weeks within it, you can look at the first few weeks and the last three weeks, and you see which weeks are not like the others. And then when we look at our external measurements, where we've utilized market industry information on that, it also confirms that Tractor Supply outperformed the market. In farm and ranch, we've seen in market industries, it's running negative in those, especially in those areas where there is a lot of farm and ranch competition. So from all the data points that we see for -- I mean, for Q1, the -- any of the softness was seasonal and then as we look throughout the rest of this quarter, it's really a matter of when does spring start. It's not if, but when. And it's a matter of whether it's ideal, typical, poor, but Tractor Supply has been able to pivot and be able to manage each of those quarters. And to house point, it's very much shaping up like one of those years where it gives us the opportunity for a good extended selling season.
Kurt Barton: Kate, hey, this is Kurt. Our original expectation and guidance, just to reiterate that, we see as we entered this year, GDP growing 1% to 2% was our assumption. And then Tractor Supply has historically been growing outside of that as we're grabbing market share, so another 1% or 2% of growth beyond that. And where Seth talked about -- where we're gaining market share, we are certainly gaining market share in categories like companion animal, in poultry, in other areas. And so that gain is part of what we expect to be able to do. But I'd also say, as we look at this year, where there may be any challenges in regards to the consumer, this is a great opportunity. Just like we saw where some discretionary, saw some softness, offset by a robust gain in market share. And I think that's the resiliency of the business, and that's -- one of the exciting things is that, if there is some softness in some categories, we've got opportunity in live goods, companion animal, others to gain market share. And we see upside to our market share gains compared to our standard model for this year and the next couple of years.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Peter, I'll hit those. On the inflation, our outlook on the retail price inflation for the year hasn't changed much at all. A vast majority of retail price inflation, as I mentioned in Q1, was what was put in place in the second half of last year. And we're seeing a bit of a steady plateau. Maybe some categories like pet will continue to see some. So our expectation is high single-digit Q1 moving into the mid single-digit Q2 to maybe slightly lower in Q3 and then getting into low single-digit Q4. And we're not seeing significant cost deflation. So at this point, there may be some deflation in certain areas of the business. But overall, there's some disinflation that we have expected in there. The great thing is, this year, we expect to see comp transactions really being a key driver to it. And that's what we're seeing right now, as Hal mentioned. And our expectation, as the year unfolds, it really is a good balance between ticket and transactions. Lastly, I'd say what is exciting, you heard this from both Hal and I is in other parts of the business, in cost, in SG&A, we are taking advantage of our ability to use the scale where there's either excess capacity or there's cost coming down. The operating expenses have efficiencies there and you heard that in some of our messaging. So hopefully, that helps answer the question, a lot of great expectation. Our ability in any sales scenario to really have increased operating margin in 2023.
Kurt Barton: Yes, absolutely, Peter. Neighbor's Club has been an integral part of driving our business and enabling customer behavior, particularly on our consumables. More and more of our customers are signing up for our private label credit card. We announced last quarter that we reached for the first time $1 billion in sales on that credit card. You get a 5% discount when you use the credit card in your purchases, which drives kind of repeat behavior on food and feed in particular. As Seth talked about, we are outgrowing the feed market by 5 points repeatedly every single quarter. And we have a 20% share far and away the largest share in the market in that category. Same thing on dog food, I mean we are far and away the share leader in dog food. It doesn't matter what metric you look at, pounds, units, dollar growth and even new customer counts. Every single week, our new customer counts for dog food are going up. And those are what we can count on to drive our transactions. And I think one of the things you mentioned is the business has -- is kind of changing to some degree from kind of three, four, five years ago in terms of having the scale we have in pet food now to complement the scale we've always had in Animal Feed and that's driving positive comp transactions for us. As we said, even in March, where we had soft weather on the seasonal side, it still allowed us to have positive comp transactions.
Seth Estep: Hey, Kate, just to add a couple of points on that. Thanks for your question. This is Seth. Hey, in general, right now, if we look at our business and we think about where we're going to continue to grow market share, again, to Kurt's point, we are very excited to see market share gains, particularly like in our companion animal or our pet and our dog businesses as well as on the cat side. Our entire portfolio, if you call it like in pet food, is growing extremely strong. As Hal mentioned earlier, we're seeing our current customer base, our previous customer base really maintaining those categories in which they were purchasing, they're coming more often. And we're gaining a lot of new shoppers across the portfolio. And we think our merchandising strategy and our portfolio strategy, particularly in things like pet and pet food, is very much a strategic advantage for us to continue to gain market share. Newness and innovation is critical. Our merchants are continuing to drive comprehensive resets across the box and where they're planned. And if you also look at other items that are relative to lifestyle, whether that be like poultry, feed, forage, sporting goods, as we mentioned earlier, we are continuing to lead in those categories. So, for us, we are, by far, leading share in the industry and in farm and ranch, far away leading pet share gains. We don't anticipate that slowing down based on the activity that we're seeing and the customer response we're seeing in our database today.
Seth Estep: Hey, Scott, yes, Seth, thanks for the question. Absolutely on those questions today. For us, kind of what we said earlier, for us, as we continue to grow rapidly over the course of the last few years, we saw an opportunity to continue to double down and drive at a greater scale, our merchandising activities, really driving towards innovation, really driving towards strategic partnerships, driving into categories, driving into regionalization, localization, so that we can really maximize all the work we're doing with like our Fusion, our Garden Centers, all those type things. So if we look at our portfolio strategy, we see share opportunities across many of the areas of our addressable market. We just mentioned pet. We see that we continue to have opportunities there. We reorganized our feed and our core livestock and equine division to species, where we're really driving a category management approach. We're basically taking the way in which we've managed our pet business over the course of the last few years and applying those same category management principles on new items, shopper insights, adjusting the flow, localization, regionalization to continue to make sure that we are offering the best-in-class shopper experience as we have new shoppers entering today. I mentioned we're going to be piloting some things like in Orscheln Farm and Home, Sporting goods did very well for us in Q1. And we're going to continue to lean in where we have our strengths. A lot of those categories today are just in our center core for six months. We think we have an opportunity to drive those businesses year-round. I can go on and on, but we think that the new structure that we're putting in place today is allowing us to have more agility, continue to move fast, operate at scale and continue to drive deeper partnerships and innovation. So very excited about this, and we're starting to really see some programs come to life under this new structure.
Seth Estep: Absolutely. Leveraging our 30 million members in our database is such a strategic advantage for us, not only in farm and ranch, but just in broader retail in the categories in which we serve. We are continuing to deep dive into those categories, and we are partnering in a significant way with our vendor base to say, hey, where do we continue to end up where we have opportunities, what are those cohorts that we need to continue to go after? And how do we continue to drive regionalization, localization, and use that into our assortment planning process. So absolutely. It is -- Neighbor's Club is fundamental to everything we're doing not only from a marketing perspective, but it is a core driver of everything we're doing in merchandising because the customer is what we're looking to continue to drive to make sure we know where their needs are today, but where they're going in the future.
