Gregory A. Sandfort: Thank you, Kurt. And I'll reiterate again we believe we really had a strong third quarter. We're on track for a very solid year-end. We have a unique and differentiated model that positions us well for the future. I again want to thank the more than 29,000 team members across the company that allowed us to deliver a great quarter, and I appreciate their hard work. And I know that they are providing legendary customer service every day to our out there – and Out Here lifestyle customers. With that, Mary Winn, we would like to open the lines for questions.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Michael, we can quantify what we bring in on direct basis. We said for a long time, about 10% of our overall mix of products comes from outside the country. A high percentage of that mix comes from China. But the part that is difficult to quantify, and we're now starting to see the impacts of it, is the indirect things, the componentry parts that are going into U.S.-make products or U.S.-assembled products. And the team has done a great job of quantifying and putting together a plan not only to deal with what we've got coming on a direct basis, but what we're seeing as, I'll call it, artificial inflation, okay, on the products that are being tariffed, that are componentry driven that driving costs up in some of the categories. So yes, we understand it. We've got our hands around it. We've got a great plan behind it and we'll execute to that.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I'll start and let Steve and Kurt come in here. We baked into the plans the expectation that tariffs are going to move to 25%. I'll also tell you that you just can't artificially raise price. There will be some consumer, we think, pushback potentially in some categories. So, we're working diligently with our manufacturing base to look for cost reductions from them. We've also bought some push from goods in forward to get ahead of some of that tariff impact. And then there will be a combination of some price increases in certain categories. It's just going to be unavoidable. But we are going to do all we can to keep the impact to our customer at a minimum.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Liz, this is Greg. Here's what I'll tell you about Petsense. We're pleased with our overall performance. It was very positive. We'll have 180 stores by year-end. As you know, we're going through a lot of back house integration right now that won't be complete until about the mid of 2019, and that's giving them the capability to manage and operate their business very similarly to the way we do here at Tractor Supply. As you probably recall, they were a private company that was run a little more entrepreneurial and we've kind of brought them into the way of thinking about how if they're going to someday be a 500 to – 800 to 1,000 store chain, they needed to have the capabilities of Tractor Supply, and as a back house for them. So, we're very pleased with how that integration is going. We're also testing several new store formats within Petsense. New color pallet, new décor, new layouts. And so far the few that we've got up, we're very pleased with those performances. We're also doing some other things within the mix of product. The differentiation of product's important. Just as Steve mentioned about what we've done within the categories of Tractor, we had the same opportunities in Petsense. And we launched True Source about a year ago. True Source is becoming a major force inside the Petsense brand. And then what our belief is, this is still going to be a growth vehicle for us as a company in both that rural and next (45:43) suburban community over the next five to seven years. But very pleased with the performance, and more to be shared as we get a larger store base out there.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Matt, this is Kurt. In regards to incentive compensation, the important thing is that for the third quarter, in particular, it's really about a comparison to prior year, and the comparison is meaningful. The past two years performance was below plan, driving normal – below-normal incentive compensation expense. And the current year, as you know, and the quarter performance was strong and more normalized. So, we're excited about the strong performance. That does drive incentive compensation, and the incentive compensation was a significant part of the SG&A deleverage. That incentive compensation for the third quarter itself was approximately 40 basis point year-over-year comparison. And with that, you can see, we had strong SG&A deleverage in the third quarter, ex-incentive compensation. For the fourth quarter, the only variable difference, as we called out last year in the fourth quarter, with the performance, we had strong SG&A performance there. So, the compares are not as significant in Q4 as it is in Q3.
Kurt D. Barton: Matt, we had good solid performance. We're excited about the ability to incentivize our team members with that performance. It's normalized to slightly higher the normalized performance in Q3.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah. Simeon, this is Kurt. I won't go into 2019 specifics beyond what we've given to you. What our strategy is, is we're going to continue the plan of executing on ONETractor, investing in our stores. And we're going to put a plan together that is consistent. And if we drive comp sales higher than our stated near-term targets of 3% plus, then that drops to additional leverage and operating margin.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Chris, this is Kurt. I'll start with the first question on hurricane, and I'll pass the second part of that over to Steve. The hurricanes, as you recall and was stated earlier, that we had Hurricane Florence this year, but cycling up against two hurricanes last year. Hurricane Florence had a modest benefit to the top line, drove approximately about 40 basis points of benefit on the top line. But that's cycling those two hurricanes last year that we called out at about 120 basis point. So while we were able to capture sales and Florence was part of our benefit on the top line this year, when we look at all the compares in Q3, the actual emergency response was about a 80 basis points drag in comparison to Q3 of last year.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Chris. This is Kurt. Here's how I look at it. First, you can see from our raised guidance, that there is strong momentum in the business. We are going up against a solid 4% plus comp last year in fourth quarter. And with that said, there's a lot of meaningful portion of the quarter still ahead of us, and we're going up against December, which had a real strong benefit from the cold snap. And as a reminder, December is a real strong portion of the quarter. So to give clarification, the start of the quarter has been considered and factored into our guidance.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Chuck (sic) [Andrew] (41:10). This is Kurt. All three months were strong. The cadence was pretty tight and what we expected to see was September had the toughest compares going up against a couple hurricanes. And so where we saw any variation may have been in September where there was the toughest compare. But very excited about how it started out and how we were able to compare that toughest month of September against the hurricanes.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Chuck (sic) [Andrew] (41:58). This is Kurt. As been mentioned, is part of the industry average and well documented, and we're seeing similar things. While the fuel prices are up year-over-year, similar like they were in the second quarter, about 20% plus on fuel costs, the carrier rates have been averaging year-over-year in the teens. And we saw that in second quarter, again in third quarter. We believe we'll see persistence on that into the fourth quarter. And then just looking ahead, while we believe transportation cost pressures do continue, when you see where it began to really increase in the beginning of 2018, the compares a little bit easier. So, we believe the year-over-year impact starts to moderate. The key is what we're doing to take action on that and the efforts that Tractor Supply have in regards to mitigating any cost increases on that. And we're doing a few things right now, today, and laying the foundation that we believe really help with the impact in 2019. And we're managing with our vendors and our carriers the ordering time frames to avoid spot rates. That's been effective as we've seen our usage of spot go down compared to some of the peaks in the first half of the year. And we're leveraging our strategic sourcing group to reduce stem miles. And part of our profit improvement initiative that we mentioned for this year to lay the foundation, we're addressing also the utilization of trucks to a greater level and working on our carrier rates. There's some great momentum on that. We believe that will help us going into 2019.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Scot. This is Kurt. What I can tell you is that our big ticket was a contributor to the average ticket increase. We're very pleased with the performance on big ticket. Big ticket was slightly above chain average growth and it drove about 40 basis points of the overall comp ticket growth. And we do see a good correlation between the customers' acceptance and use of the new extended financing on big-ticket items. So trying to be able to exactly connect on average ticket and big-ticket to the new credit card is difficult, but we can say that we're pleased with the results and there's a strong correlation to growth in big ticket as well as growth in the private-label credit card program.
Kurt D. Barton: Peter, this is Kurt. I'll follow up with that on your – second part of that question. We've seen the inflation rise slightly, it was about a 75 basis point impact in Q2 to about a 90 basis point in Q3. We do expect inflation at this point to continue, perhaps, somewhere around those ranges into Q4. As Steve mentioned, principally in the commodities, looking out, this is very fluid. It's hard to predict. You may start to see some inflation beyond just the commodities as the macro cost pressures start to put emphasis across other categories of it. But we'll continue to balance keeping competitive pricing for our customers as well as managing the margins for our investors. And we've been dealing with inflation and deflation and we'll continue to manage pricing and margins to be rather consistent.
Kurt D. Barton: Peter, this is Kurt. We feel good about where we're positioned on labor. I mean, this is certainly a challenging one for the entire environment. But specific to Tractor Supply, we feel good. And I'll mention a few things that we're doing with that. Like great retailers, in a situation like this on labor, you focus not only on managing your wages specific to the market, but you focus on productivity. And we're driving change in our profit improvement initiatives to help offset wage pressures. You've heard us talk about investment in labor hours and wages in the past couple of years. Our focus going forward is laying the foundation for the productivity. And that's a key part of our profit improvement initiative, focusing on that. We'll be utilizing the labor scheduling and task management as well as initiatives that were actually in certain test stores today, testing and adding science into taking work out of certain task functions so that our team members are more focused on serving customers. We believe the combination of those, all participate in helping us being able to offset challenging labor pressures.
Steve K. Barbarick: Simeon, this is Steve. What I can tell you is, is that we're very well positioned here, I believe, a couple of things. First and foremost, Greg mentioned that if you look at the overall model itself, our C.U.E. business over time has really benefited us. And I would also say, and more specific to your question, we tend to be a needs-based retailer. You've heard us talk in the past about our pricing tools that we've invested in. And those pricing tools will help us, as we move forward, test elasticity across the country in the zones that we manage. So, I think we're well-positioned there.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, Steve, this is Steve Barbarick. Glad to do it. Just to start with, Greg mentioned that we've got about 10 million members or will have by the end of the year. And these are some of our most important members. And we can tell not only because of how often they're shopping in terms of frequency, but also what they spend. They tend to spend about 10% more on any given visit than a regular customer would. And because they shop more often, our ability to communicate and personalize those communications to them, based on what they're actually buying, that allows us to upsell, cross sell and even convert them into our exclusive brands, is really a great value to us. So, we're still pulling apart a lot of the data. It's incredibly rich right now. And now, it's about the quality and how we're using it.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. Well, first off, we're seeing some great signs from both. And it's been a methodical rollout. As you know, we talk about being a test-and-learn company. We learned a lot as we've implemented both of these two devices into our stores. As we move forward, we believe that we'll continue to populate our store count with both devices themselves. We've laid out the plan. And you will see us rapidly expand both the kiosks as well as mobile point-of-sale as we get into 2019.
Steve K. Barbarick: And I'll take the second question here on the extended selling season. I don't know how much of it was the season and how much of it was some of the work that we did that actually extended that season itself. I will tell you our supply chain team looked at what we did last year. And as we become more national in scale, we're seeing a little more benefit maybe from the southern stores and the length of season that they've had. So when you look at the total comp of the 5.1% that we ran for the quarter, it wasn't a material impact, just because it's a smaller portion of our total business as we move into the quarter. But we certainly were able to comp that extended selling season from a year ago.
Steve K. Barbarick: One other thing I would mention on that, Michael, this is Steve, is that unlike a lot of other retailers out there, we are well positioned being a needs-based organization. When you need fencing to contain an animal, you're going to buy fencing. There's really not many other ways around it. So when you look at our model, our box and our product type, we are less discretionary than many others, and I think that really bodes well for us. The second factor is our purchasing power. We are well positioned in our space to push back and to mitigate a lot of those costs coming through. And the last thing I would tell you is, is not everyone uses the same pricing tools that we've got. And so, we're able to really manage elasticity, probably as well as anyone in our space.
Steve K. Barbarick: It is not. It is a very simple, straightforward format. We have not converted over to the Tractor platform just yet. That will be in 2019. We're today using a third-party format through the disturber, one of our major distributors, but that also will be an opportunity going forward. But to be very honest, there hasn't been a tremendous amount of e-commerce business being generated from the Petsense locations. It's a very convenient one-stop shop. It's a high-service location. So, the food side of it could accelerate once we get the new platform in place, but I think it's more of a store where people like to visit. They come there with their pets, grooming is a big component and adoption and so on. So, it's a little bit different format than just selling product online. This is really more an experience store, just like Tractor.
Steve K. Barbarick: Scot, this is Steve. Here's what I would tell you. There has been a concerted effort here to work on average ticket. Our store teams have put together some contests, and it's all about add-on selling. It's interesting, when you hire your customer, you're not hiring professional salespeople. You're hiring people just like yourself, quite frankly, that are customers. And by giving them confidence that they can recommend products to customers, that goes a long way. And so we're seeing, from a store operations side, some benefit in adding more to the basket. And another thing we implemented on the technology side, we haven't talked much about this, is multiples. We're now able to enforce multiple purchasing. And during the quarter in our Center Court Events, we had a Buy More and Save event. And it's where you come in and you buy 3-for or 4-for (49:32). And now that we're able to enforce that, we're finding that people are taking full advantage of that opportunity. And between that and some other things that we're doing internally, we're really seeing the items per transaction move up.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. Well, this is Steve. And we've done some work. First off, the whole collection of all the efforts we're putting forth, whether it be the investments we've made, the initiatives, some of the things I just talked to Scot about, they all add up to the 5.1% comp. And we're not really breaking and isolating all those apart. I will tell you that we do see continued momentum in the Neighbor's Club program. It's still in the very early stages of what the opportunity is in front of us, to be quite frank with you. And we haven't quantified the specifics relative to the actual incrementality of all the communication that we've been sending out. We are seeing more per visit with these customers. We are seeing more frequency from these customers. So, we know that there is a benefit there. And then, the second portion of your question had to do with the percent of sales. What I can tell you, that percent is growing. We have not communicated what that looks like publicly at this point as it continues to scale. But with 10 million members, you can imagine, it's probably a pretty good percentage of our business. And I suspect in the future, we'll have more dialogue around what that might look like.
Steve K. Barbarick: Sure. This is Steve again. I will tell you our online orders are typically significantly higher than any given transaction that takes place in our store. Greg mentioned earlier that about 70% to 75% of those orders are picked up in-store and with about a 20% attachment rate. So, we see a real benefit of giving that customer an opportunity from a convenience standpoint to go online, buy, pick up in store, have shipped to store, or ship to home. Just a couple of other quick things I would note on that. We're really excited about the fact that our web visits are up about 30% year-over-year. Unique visits are up double digits. And our store locator – and this is the one that I always go back to and why it's so critically important to have the website that we have, and the traffic. Our store locator hits were up 50% year-over-year. And what that tells me is there's a lot of customers who may have never gone to a Tractor Supply Company store before, but may have done some research and said, you know what? I'm going to check it out. They start with the website, and they migrate to the store. And so, we're seeing a lot of momentum here.
Steve K. Barbarick: Well, I'll start. This is Steve. I don't know if we get into specifics about individual categories or vendors. I will tell you that Tractor Supply has significant purchasing power. So maybe what our competitors are saying is one thing. I'm not going to necessarily suggest that we follow those same trends. In terms of inflation in general, I would tell you that a lot of inflation rises and falls based on commodity prices, which are fairly easy to track. We track those on a regular basis and work with our suppliers based on the trends that we're seeing. So, I think it's a better gauge probably to look at the quantifiable data rather than the subjective.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. Well, that's one of our key strategic go-gets on the merchandising front. And I will tell you the team's made some great progress. We've seen ourselves expand in a couple of different lines, including the 4health line. We've recently expanded the Retriever line to a Mossy Oak look, and we think that there's more upside across the entire four walls of the store, to be quite frank with you. I think the bigger challenge that we've got is not just expanding the brands and adding new ones, but marketing them. Now, that's something the team's doing really a lot of right now behind the scenes. And I would tell you, this is where the digitization of our business can really take hold. So very cost effectively, we can build out small vignettes and videos, get them out to our consumer using the social media platforms that we have in the engagement with our customer. And I would tell you, Peter, that we probably have more opportunity in marketing what we have than just expanding more of the brands out at this point.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. Brian, this is Steve. Here's what I would tell you. You're looking at the tale (59:39) of both sides. So when I say that, what I mean is that the spring-summer at the very end of the quarter makes up a very small percentage of the total. And the cold winter at the very beginning of the fourth quarter makes up a very small percentage of the overall quarter in fourth quarter. So, if you really bookmark those two, you're not looking at a tremendous amount of material impact. That's how I would phrase that.
