Hal Lawton: Thanks, Kurt. Despite the temporary softness in our channel, structural elements remain very attractive for Tractor Supply. We have numerous tailwinds, including our Life Out Here strategic initiative, our market being a beneficiary of continued net world migration, high return new store growth opportunities and ongoing share gains. Tractor Supply is extremely well positioned as a leader in a large fragmented market. Before we go into Q&A session, I'd like to wrap-up with three comments. One, as we head into the back half of the year, I am very excited about our robust innovation pipeline, the compelling values we have in our market and our new brand launches. We just set our annual Deer event and Halloween Decor program and both are off to a strong start. In Pet, we have a number of upcoming activities, including our expanded Pet Appreciation Month, a new lineup for MuttNation by Miranda Lambert and an expansion of 4health, our exclusive brand premium dog food. Additionally, we have an exciting new endcap program as well as new center court and dry wall events that are focused on compelling value that are core to our lifestyle. The second comment I'd have is we continue to believe that as and when economic conditions become more neutral for us that we will return to our long term algorithm. As mentioned, there's really two economic conditions that are impacting us the most. The first is the transition from goods to services in the context of PCE spend and the second is deflation. We believe both of these are transitory. We don't need them to improve, but rather just to normalize for us to return to our long term algorithm. And the third comment is that the team is playing offence. And we're not only executing our existing initiative, but working -- we're working on plans for the back-half of the decade and working on our next growth drivers of our Life Out Here strategy. Tractor Supply does not lack for opportunities and we believe we have multiple new opportunities that can expand on our $180 billion total addressable market. I'm very excited to share more details of the next drivers of our strategy in the near future. Our stores and online are ready for the changes of season as we enter the third quarter. Tractor Supply is well prepared to meet the needs and expectations of our customer. We've invested in our store base, in inventory, in our supply chain, in our digital capabilities and customer service to ensure that we can deliver on on-promise of providing the best products and solutions for Life Out Here. We've also enhanced our Neighbor's Club to provide more benefits and rewards to our loyal customers. We're excited about the upcoming events and promotions that will showcase our unique and differentiated seasonal assortment of merchandise, and we expect to see continued improvements across our categories. To conclude, I'm incredibly proud of our team. Throughout our 85-plus year history, no matter what issue we face, our team members have always come together. We have a unique and special culture. It's our special soft and key differentiator, and it's what gives me great confidence in the future of Tractor Supply. And with that, let's open up the call for questions.
Hal Lawton: Hi, Scot, good morning. To your first question on the wet spring, it was a -- in the normally west spring, particularly in the South -- in the Southwest, Texas, in particular was wet almost the entire quarter. We had hoped that might lead to an elongated spring, particularly in the month of June and into July, it actually be favorable for us given comparison to last year. That's not how it played out. As we all know, the month of June was one of the hottest, if not the hottest month on record ever. And so we went from pretty much a wet -- wet spring to an immediately hot summer. And we did not see, as we called out ag fencing as an example, that's a big category, for us in general and in particularly in Texas. And as an example, we did not see that category recover in June like we had some aspirations for. That said, it's a wet week this week and we are hopeful that, that can pay some dividends as we turn the corner into August and into the fall. And as it relates to Q3, yes, it's basically kind of right down the middle of fairway for us in terms of our guidance range and kind of consistent with the comments Kurt gave at this point. And the one thing I would call out is July is our toughest compares of the three months. It's -- we get sequentially -- sequentially easier and compares to the tune of like a point or two points each of the next two months. So anyway, thanks, Scott, for the question.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hi, Michael, and thanks for the question. I'd start out by saying, obviously, it was a difficult situation that played out in a public arena, that's unfortunately is becoming increasingly common in business and the divisive sentiment that we have in our country. And we've got over 50,000 team members and 30-plus million customers and we certainly heard a range of feedback. We learned from others who had gone before us on this and moved fast to try to remove the perceived political and social agendas from our policies. And all that said, we have no evidence that it had a measurable impact on our business. And we continue to look to monitor the situation and look at a variety of datasets, but we do have no evidence at this point that it's had a measurable impact on our business and our results. And if I just step-back, we have a very special culture at Tractor Supply. It's firmly grounded in our well-established mission and values. And while we did withdraw our carbon emissions goals and retired our D&I goals, we did not retire our commitment to treating people fairly with respect, to inclusion, to being a good corporate citizen and certainly not to be stewards of -- and certainly did not retire -- are committed to being stewards of Life Out Here. And Tractor Supply, again, credible culture. We never lose sight of our obligations to be great stewards of our business over the long term. Thanks. Thanks, Michael, for the question.
Hal Lawton: Yes, Hi, Steven. Let's start out by saying the first half played out very much in-line kind of right down the middle of our kind of base-case center point of our guidance. I would say most things in the first half were very much in-line with our expectations. I mean, maybe big ticket was a little stronger, and maybe some of the things like ag fencing and dog containment and such were a little bit weaker. But everything else, I would say, animal feed, pet food, our CUE products in general, seasonal. Even the discretionary business, we expected them to be reasonably negative. All those played out very much in line with what we expected. I kind of think about it as a down the middle of fairway based on our expectations first half. As it relates to the second half, we have a similar thesis to the second half right down the middle of fairway. I think Kurt tried to call that out in the prepared remarks. Q3, I think would be much of the continuation of the first half of the year with Q4 being really where there's a higher rate -- a broader range of outcomes. I think Kurt tried to really bring that to life in his prepared remarks to say there's one version of Q4 that could be -- could be strong and start that trend back towards our long term algorithm and there's a some favorable compares there and -- which create a nice setup and we've got a number of activities also going into that -- into the market during that time. On the flip side, there is a kind of a kind of more unfavorable potential outcome in Q4, where if we didn't see some good winter weather and the federal election created a lot of distraction and you've got a shorter holiday season that could lead to a lesser performance in Q4. So really tried to lay out the range of those two, and that's really what drives the Q4 variation, is really what drives the -- really the range of our comp guidance for the balance of the year with a pretty tight range of outcome forecast in Q3. But I would say from the start of the year, the business is really right in the middle of what we expected it could be. And to your kind of kind of question at the end, there's really sitting at this point in time, nothing that we see in the back half that's much different than what we saw at the beginning of the year. It's a pretty, pretty straightforward at this point in terms of our outlook.
Hal Lawton: Yes, hi, Chuck, and thanks for the question. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we still feel very confident in our long term guidance and there's really two main factors that we see as -- that are macro factors that are impacting us right now for performing at that long term guidance rate, namely the shift in consumer spend from goods to services and the second being deflation, inflation. And so now if you hit both of those, if you think about our average ticket for the first half of the year, which is roughly flat, historically, we would have at a minimum kind of a 1.5%-ish maybe average ticket growth, could be 2%, 2.5%. So even if we just had some favorability in average ticket, all of a sudden, that walks you up to nearly a 1.5 or 2 point comp right there. And then if you think about PCE, year-to-date, services are up 6%, 7%, whereas goods are up 1%. If you were to see that normalize, even if goods underperformed services, say, goods are 2.5% or 3% and maybe services are 3%, 3.5%, you get that extra point to 2 points on the goods kind of rising tide, and all of a sudden, you're walking back to a 4%, 4.5% comp right there. And so we really do see it as cleanly as that, is that at some -- kind of in the future, it certainly have confidence that deflation will moderate and we'll get back to a consistent kind of inflation rate in this country and in our business. And then similarly, expect that the good services shift will moderate. I mean, I think that's probably the bigger question. We probably have a better lens as to when the deflation will moderate, because we see that in our business. But on the goods and services, I think that's kind of the open question. It is only 90 basis points away from its pre-COVID levels. So it doesn't have a significantly further to go. But is that six months, is that nine months? Is that three months? I think time will tell there. Thanks, Chuck, for the question.
Hal Lawton: Hi, Brian. I'll start by saying, we are very comfortable with our inventory levels right now and the quality of our inventory. And we don't see any actions required on the quality of our inventory as we move forward. Just to be very clear on that. There's two main drivers of our inventory increases, really three main drivers of our inventory increases year-over-year. The first I would call out, as Kurt did, which was easier -- the kind of net -- the lapping of comparison last year. We were down, I think, negative 1.7% on inventory last year. The second is our investment in big ticket. Obviously, those are higher average unit retail items. So that's going to disproportionately drive our inventory dollars up. But we saw the strength in riders, in UTVs, in things like grills and other big ticket categories, we invested into that. And we'll continue to do that into Q3 as well. As an example, we typically have about 800 stores that are kind of go long stores and riders that have an extended season. This year, we've increased that to 1,150 stores. We are seeing the strength in big ticket continue into Q3. So that is a -- that investment is -- is paying-off and we expect it to continue to. The third thing I would call out is just a reiteration of what Kurt and Seth said, which is our investment in in-stock rates. We are 4 points higher year-over-year in in-stock rates. It's our highest in-stock rate since the pandemic. And that is really on the shelves inside of our stores. And as you all know, I spent a lot of time in our stores, been in five different markets in the last five weeks. We have never looked healthier and better since my time at the company in areas like dog treats, in areas like leashes, in hardware, in hand tools, in areas like lubricants and batteries. As Seth called out, our clearance levels are lower than last year at this time and in incredibly good shape. As you all know, our clearance levels have been running at historic lows since the pandemic and continue to do so. The team is doing an excellent job navigating inventory. So anyway, to step back, we feel incredibly good about the quality of our inventory, have no concerns about it in the second half and in fact, feel great about the investments we've made, which are driving in-stock rates and kind of a bit of a go longer strategy in big ticket. Thanks, Brian, for the question.
Hal Lawton: Yes, so maybe I'll talk a little bit about our Neighbor's Club in that -- in that context. First off, I would say we continue to be very pleased, and in fact, it's kind of performing better than what we would expect to gain here in terms of number of members signing-up for Neighbor's Club, as I called out, now at 36 million. The second thing I'd call out is we continue to see retention rates of our Neighbor's Club remain at kind of historic rates. So as you're growing your member base and you're growing retention, I mean, that's a kind of a strong kind of balance there, right, and add -- and multiple -- increasingly added it together. I'd say what we saw was on are higher income cohorts that are our strength, stronger retention, modest moderation by I mostly in kind of the -- as we -- and when we looked at it, a lot of it, we really do core that they are the ones that over indexed on services and on travel and on vacations here in the second quarter. But again, modest moderation there. The group that we continue to focus on, and we called this out last quarter as well is that entry cohort into our Neighbor's Club and we lowered the tier threshold and we increased the type of rewards you could redeem at the last -- in -- in our last quarter and saw nice improvement there. We're continuing to focus on that through the second quarter. As we look towards the back half, we're very excited about the implementation of our customer data platform, how that's going to further accelerate our ability to personalize with customers and our communications and help continue to stimulate all groups, but in particular that kind of entry level group. In addition, we launched this quarter our Hometown Heroes program. It's off to an excellent start in terms of member sign-up. And as we called out, while I don't expect these trends to continue, the early sign-ups have been a significant piece of it is new to Tractor Supply and new to our Neighbor's Club program. So we have -- I think it's one of the best membership programs, loyalty programs -- loyalty programs, excuse me, in the market out there. The team continues to iterate and make it better and better. Our customers continue to give us very favorable marks on it. And we do see Neighbor's Club as instrumental to our success as we move forward.
Hal Lawton: Hi, Oliver, how are you today? Thanks for the question. I would -- the main driver of the variation for the second half in the range of outcomes for our comp is really what the driver of our range for the first-half was, is transactions. As we've been, I think pretty transparent, we have great insight to average ticket, great insight into our average unit retail. Pending some mix we know exactly what our pricing for our seasonal products are already going to be for the year. We know what our CUE trends are. We obviously have a perspective on how we're going to be pricing CUE into the back half of the year. So we have very good forward-looking view as to our average unit retail. And so I feel like there's probably less variability in ticket and expect that to be reasonably flat throughout the year, although there's some modestly easier compares on average unit retail as you get into the fourth quarter. So a little bit of upside there. But the main driver of our range of outcomes is going to be transactions. And particularly in the fourth quarter and really we think it's all around consumer sentiment and also drivers of need. And if there's some weather events, that will drive need. And depending on the federal election and the shortened holiday season, I think that will drive sentiment. Those two things will come together to drive our transactions. And so anyway, back to your point, I think the variability for the back half of the year is really primarily transactions with maybe a very modest range of outcomes on AUR.
Hal Lawton: Yes, hi, Peter. Thanks for the question. I'd really point to -- to two things. One, I think structurally, we play a little bit more in big-ticket than a lot of the other farm and ranch competitors on the margins, but I think that helped raise our waterline a little bit on total sales. Also I would say, on the CUE business, in particular on the feed side, well, the CUE business in general, particularly dog food and animal feed, we're gaining share in both. Our share gains in animal Feed, in our view in Q2 were outsized. And I think a lot of that comes down to our scale, our cost position, both with working with our vendors and our partners there, but also our supply chain and whether it's our DCs, our mixing centers, our freight partners and just us having the best cost position in the market, being able to invest that appropriately in price. As you know, we have over 20 price zones. We're able to get really targeted in where we want to price and how we need to price to drive those units. So I think those would be the things I'd speak to. And then the final point would be, of course, our strategic initiatives. And I think as it relates to say like the fusion remodel program, we're approaching half of our store base now being in the fusion remodel program. So I think our store environments relative to the farm and ranch channel are significantly higher-level of a store environment now. Our commitment to customer service, we called that out. So you get, I think a better level of customer service in our stores. And so just all those sorts of things are starting to add up to continue to drive the outsized share gains. Thanks Peter, for the question.
Kurt Barton: Yes, I'll actually let Seth -- Peter give you more of the details on that, and I'll make one reference. We are cycling last year. In Q2, we called out that we were down 1.7% in inventory last year. We knew we needed and wanted more inventory in CUE and even some of the big ticket rec. And so we're very pleased with where we're at. And I think, Seth, why don't you explain further some of where the--
Kurt Barton: Yes. Hi, Kate, good morning. This is Kurt. On big-ticket, I'll share a few specifics on that. As we mentioned, we've been continually pleased this year to see the rebound on big ticket after a couple of years of softness in big ticket. First quarter ran positive high-single-digit big ticket and the ever important Q2 ran a low double-digit growth rate in big ticket. So if -- you hear the commentary from us on our investment in that area of the business, how we're driving the sales through innovation. So very pleased with the results on big ticket. Q2 tends to have the largest portion of our sales on big ticket in the low teens. It averages in the high single-digit as a percentage of our sales for the year. So in the second half of the year, it does become a lesser of an impact. But on a year-over-year basis, we really do see that there's opportunity in the back half of the year in areas that we're winning in that, Seth just mentioned, whether it be recreational vehicles or even riders. And then in the back fourth quarter, really some of the winter-related heating, log splitters, those type, snow blowers, we can continue to win in innovation and our ability to drive great value in big ticket. So it's certainly one of the tailwinds for us. The team has done an excellent job bringing new product to our customers and driving value even through areas like deferred financing as a great value for big ticket. So while not as much of a swing factor in the second half, we do believe that's one of the tailwinds on our comps for the second half of the year.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Hi, Zach. In regards to elections, in my history, as we've -- as we've looked at that and we have been through cycles, there is no real meaningful performance change based on the year of a federal election or the outcome of a federal election. Now we have seen, and I think it's well-understood that this is a very intense environment today with this election. What that does to the consumer sentiment is certainly one that we are being conscious of. And I think the election will take a lot of attention and could impact the consumer spending habits, et cetera. But really, over the years, how we've seen the performance of the consumer has really proven to have no strong indication that we should plan for or change our outlook in any particular way. It's just viewed as one that could be a variable in the ranges of outcome. And so we're conscious of that. But we've been able to pivot in either one of these environments. And the one last thing I would just point to is that for us, which I think is different is that it doesn't tend to have much of a change because it's a needs-based business where regardless of the outcome, the lifestyle and the needs that we serve, don't really change that much. So we watch and we're creating strategies under scenarios, but we don't see a specific outcome that we are planning for.
Kurt Barton: Sure. Hi, Chris, this is Kurt. And I'll take the first part of the question on the commodities and then I'll let Seth address your question on pet food. On commodities, just some key points that I think is helpful to reference. Corn, which is the largest commodity impact item. But additionally, when you think of corn, soybean, cotton, steel, they all are commodities that play into our pricing. They have all been at year-to-date or year-over-year in the low teens deflationary point compared to June of 2023. All of them are generally back to 2019 levels. And they are 30% or nearly 40% off of their '22 -- 2022 year highs. So we've been going through a two year cycle of that. And all indications are we are at the 2019 levels. We're at what we believe is the trough. Most of these costs have already been embedded into it. The only other variability that -- and I indicated to that is, you would look at Q4 and see that to be a neutral or potentially even beginning to see an inflationary turn and the way commodities shift, will I think will really derive whether or not Q4 even the Q1 is a shift into some slight inflation or keeps us at a plateau. The corns and soybeans tend to move within about a 60 to 90 day timeframe through our systems. And so they move pretty quickly and impact the cost of goods sold in a really timely basis. I'll turn it over to Seth on the follow-up question on pet food.
