Gregory A. Sandfort: Thank you, Tony. Regarding the current retail environment, we have seen relatively no change from recent quarters with the behavior of our customers. They continue to purchase conservatively, seeking compelling values based upon need rather than want. They continue to adapt our assortments to meet their changing needs while continually elevating our in-store experience. Before I close, I would like to provide an update on a few of our company's current initiatives. Our new distribution center in Macon, Georgia, which is the relocation of our Southeastern distribution center in Braselton, Georgia is now complete and operational. The facility is currently receiving inventory and we expect to begin shipping to stores from this location later in the third quarter. Construction of our new Store Support Center in Brentwood, Tennessee, which will enable us to consolidate our 3 leased Store Support Center locations into 1 owned facility that will accommodate our growth for many years is on track, and the project is scheduled for completion in the back half of 2014. The functionality enhancements to our website continue, and while there is still much more to do, we are encouraged with our results thus far. We have completed the upgrades to our website for drop shipments of products from vendors to customers, our Franklin, DC is functioning well as our online in-house fulfillment center, and we are adding more SKUs each quarter to expand both the breadth and the depth of our product offerings. Our annual square footage growth continues at approximately 8% as we further expand into the West. We now have a number of stores open in the West, and we see more growth for this region over time. We currently operate stores in Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and California and soon-to-be operating our first stores in Wyoming and Nevada. Looking forward to the second half of the year, I am confident about our plans and the forward momentum we have as a company. We are executing at a high-level, making continued progress on our sales driving and operating margin enhancing initiatives, and we are regularly introducing product newness into all our stores to ensure our customers stay highly engaged with the Tractor Supply brand. In closing, I would like to thank all of our Tractor Supply team members for their ongoing hard work, passion for our customers and commitment to our company, with special recognition to all our Oklahoma team members impacted by or helping those impacted by the recent tornadoes. Our team members are the driving force behind Tractor Supply's growth, and we all look forward to a successful second half of 2013. Operator, I would now like to open the call for questions.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Dan, great question. Let me answer it this way. The mix of our business continues to shift, in a positive way, to C.U.E., which is the foot drivers of our customer base, and really it's kind of the basis of how we structure the company, about probably back in '08 and '09 when we made some changes to some of these assortments. Gross margin rate, just a straight topic conversation, it's something that shifts between quarter based upon not only mix, but other factors and other valuables. As Tony mentioned in his comments, our direct margin is actually increasing at a very nice rate, and that's the positive side of gross margin. We're still fighting have some headwinds with freight, we're still fighting some headwinds with overall mix. We believe we'll start to normalize more of that as we get in the third and fourth quarter, as we cycle through. And I believe we have a better handle on what's happening now as we go forward. But I would agree with you that the steep incline that we've seen, maybe in the past 3 to 4 years, may not be the same as we go forward. We still are confident though we can still get the 20 basis points or so as we said each year. And remember, our new operating margin goal is still targeted at 10.5%.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Great question, Justin. And we typically don't talk to some of those specifics. What we can tell you is that, the number of trips that the consumer seems to be making to our store is growing. It's more consistent than it was in the past. And I think it ties us up around the C.U.E. strategy. These are consumable, usable, edible, necessary items, and as long as we can keep the customer engaged there, and I also will tell you, I think it's a gain of market share across many of those categories. We become that most dependable supplier of, that's what's driving it. So we've got some statistics. We do track our best customers at the very high-end of the scale and what I'd call probably our more moderate customer usage, and we're seeing more footsteps clearly.
Gregory A. Sandfort: John, we have become a little bit maybe more refined than just talking about regional. We're really talking now about local, localization is really our new moniker, if you would want to call it that, and it's because as we move into different parts of the country, stores that are -- I'll give you an example, stores that are in the mountainous region versus stores that are may be in the valley, maybe in the same state, but they act very differently, the needs are very different. So I had mentioned before that we have about 600 plus different types of assortments out there on our stores based upon the locations and the regionalization. But we've not taken a step further, John. And we're now really looking at the local level, a lot more input from the management teams in the field, and we still have a lot of work to do, but we do our homework before we go into a new area of the country and we are understanding the needs of that market much better. So a lot of work there. A lot of assortment planning and planogramming work that's done well in advance to those stores' opening.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, if you've been in our stores recently, you'll note that we are expanding what we call the hardware set and we're revamping it, but we're making some moves to shift product categories around, place the new products into that area and we are -- this year, we'll be moving several hundred stores into that new format. We've tested it for a few years now, we're happy with the results and you will see the left-hand side changing a bit, and the whole hard lines component still having seasonal toward the front and then placing the hardware component in a little different setting, if you may call it, and we've also done some work in the back there within the automotive and truck and tool. So that's kind of continues to get worked.
Gregory A. Sandfort: The current test is complete. We're very happy with the results and we are currently beginning a process of trying to locate a facility in the same region to actually start to roll this process forward.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Let me start with that first. This is Greg. Interest or signs of interest from the large box retailers that may sit around us. On occasion, we will see one of the or several of these guys that will get in to some of the businesses in a small way looking at it as a potential, I believe, potential foot driver for them. The difference is that, we're in this businesses to stay and our customers understand about Tractor Supply. So if someone else would want to jump in and jump out of the business, that doesn't make you an authority. And I think over the long haul, what we see is that customers continue to come back to us. We have not had anyone that we can tell as far as our core customer base would be moving to a big box or something like that to buy some of these products because they really don't have the expertise to talk to them and to really sell them to the consumer. The second piece about regionals. Some of the regionals, when we move in to their markets, have a tendency to do believe that it's about price. And our belief is it's about a better store, a better assortment in that store and it's about a good -- great customer experience along with a fair price. Most of them compete on a high-low basis. We do not. We compete on an everyday price basis with some promotion. So they have a tendency to try to play the price game. We will, in many cases, play the match game for a period of time. But in the overall scheme of things, we tend to win that battle and I'll also tell you that in some instances, as our growth of store base has expanded, many of what I'll call the smaller independents, who are specialty retailers in either feed, maybe it's a pet operation, maybe it's a tack operation, maybe it's something that is just in 3-point equipment. We have a tendency to be that store that can draw that consumer to one location and make the purchase versus having to go to multiple locations. So we somewhat, I guess, outman them from a standpoint of our assortments having a one-stop shop. So a number of factors, we continue to run our game and play our game and we continue to improve what we do, and I think we'll continue to win.
Gregory A. Sandfort: This is Greg. I'll speak to that. We studied the Colorado market and we'll study any new market for a period of time before we'll open our first store. And what we found was that the consumer was being underserved in some aspects that there was some requirements that were expected of us if we were going to compete with those independents. And that will be the points of differentiation that we could exploit versus what that competitor originally was doing. And that's a little bit of a simplification of how we go about it, but we have had great success in Colorado and in a number of other states as we've expanded because of using that formula.
Gregory A. Sandfort: The exclusive brand categories are growing for several reasons. One is we're offering the customer a far better value equation for their hard earned money. Secondly, there are always gaps in anyone's assortment that can't be filled by a national brand, so we're able to use our exclusive brand to fill those gaps. And I would say third, across the store, we're finding opportunities, but we don't try to force those opportunities. We test them first, let our customers respond. If they give us the positive response to allow us to take it to the next category, the next extension of products, we'll do that, and that's worked for us. We've been successful at this point and that will be our plan going forward.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yes, Jeff, I'll take the inventory. I will let Tony talk a little bit about the gross margin. At the end of the quarter, we had already planned to have 2 facilities operating, Braselton and Macon. So we'd already indicated that there was going to be some carry of inventory, basically duplication of inventory for a period of time as we ended the quarter because we still would not be fully transitioned to Macon. So that was some of the dollars. Some of the dollars were also an investment piece that we made as we saw the quarter start to open up with sales. We said let's get ahead of it, and let's make sure that we keep the C.U.E. categories, driving businesses as they were, so we made some, I will call it, inventory investment forward, to make sure that we stayed in the stock positions we wanted. And then the last piece was something to do with -- at the end of the quarter, we had some early receipts of third quarter that actually came in about, let's say, a week early by the end of the quarter, that shifted in. That was probably the largest impact overall for the quarter. That's all forward inventory. It just arrived to about a week earlier than we would have liked, to be very honest. But the way we booked our inventories, if it's been picked up and it's in transit, it's going to get under the books. So that was the larger portion of it. But we're in great shape for our transmission out in spring into summer and fall.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Chris, this is Greg. First of all, we had limited stores in 2012. We were still going through some more testing. This year, we had an excess of 500 stores with live product. I would tell you that, we're finding that side lot, if you want to call it, which is now our area for storage, can be productive if we can place the right products there. So I won't give you an absolute on the fact that, that's where live goods may wind up and will there be a garden center there. But I will tell you that we're pleased with the results. We're still looking at how we would position the business for next year if we take it to more stores in the chain. It's a business that has to be run regionally. So we have to have the availability of the product and the growers there to be able to service it. But we do believe there's future growth in that category.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, Dave, as you know it's a number of different categories. It's not just feed, food, or whatever. There's a multiple things that we have classified under C.U.E. It's really the products that we would consider would be footstep drivers and what I would consider to be the most dependable supplier of -- these are the items that customers can count on when they come to our store. Now, its overall penetration, in many ways, is growing because we are gaining market share from -- I'm going to say others around us and we're running a much more powerful business, a business that is well priced day in and day out, with our new price optimization modeling, we're able to do that. And I can't tell you today if there's a percentage or not. I can only tell you that we see further growth as we go forward, but we also saw it becoming more of a run rate of where we've been. And at this point, we're happy with it because it is bringing a lot of footsteps. You saw that with over 4% increase in transaction count. The customer should continue to come to us. Over time, that gives them the opportunity to shop other places within our store and that's where we can build more margin. So there will be a balancing act as we go through the next couple of years.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, even some of the most developed retailer out there that have websites, they're doing sub 3% and 4% of their overall business on the web. In my thought process about the web, it's first, just another vehicle for us to exchange either commerce information or just exchange commentary with a consumer. It's a way for us to understand what they're purchasing from us and why and how we can go back to them and talk to them about things they're interested in. The commerce side of this is a little longer term from a standpoint of its ramp and its run, because you have to have a number of things, I said earlier in my prepared comments about having capabilities. But we do believe that there'll be some business for us longer-term, but I believe what it does, it drives just -- it probably drives more business for our stores than it will probably drive online by a great margin. So the store business, we're a 4-wall retailer in this is just another way for us to exchange commerce, I believe, with the consumer. And I'm going to tell you that, we will not be probably anymore than some of the best at retail today as far as percent of overall sales.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Adam, there's always new tests. I've always said there's 40 to 50 ongoing. Yes, we'll have -- we will bring -- continue to bring newness to the stores. We'll continue to have testing, but I'm really not at liberty to tell you the specifics. I can only tell you, go visit our stores, you'll find it.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Let me give you some insight. This is Greg. We are spending quite a bit of time on understanding our consumer, and we have developed a 5-year roadmap, which we are now in the initial stages of starting to roll into that plan. The first thing we understood we got to do was pull all of our data together on our customers. And we have it in a number of, I'll call it, buckets here in the company. So we're doing that merge right now. Once we have that information, we'll be able to start talking to this customer and looking and cross-referencing as they buy 1 category, are they buying another category? And if they're not buying into that category, why aren't they and so on and so forth. And we have some current learnings through some of the initial merge of some of the information. We actually use that in the middle part of this year, during the July 4 period. We did change some distribution using that information and we had very, very positive results. So we know the power of it. The matter of fact is we have to start to harness that. So that's going to take some time, but we do have a very rigorous process we put into place. We are in the first stages and now doing that, first consolidation, and we'll be able to share more with you as time develops.
Gregory A. Sandfort: What I can tell you is that in some of our current learnings, we were spending some time, about a year ago, talking about the aware non-shopper. And we weren't sure if this was a suburban or if this was a more suburban rural type of consumer that lived out on the edge. I can tell you what we found out in our current research is they actually live much closer to the store than we thought. These are these customer that don't shop us, but would have an interest to shop us if they understood what was inside the box. So that's just one segment of a number of things that we have learned, how we're going to market them will be different, how we will attract them to the store will be different than our core customers who already know us and who already spend money with us. But it's exciting news, and I'm very anxious to get more of this information and to take this data and convert it into information that we can use across the company.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, first, let me set you straight on this price op, we're in the regular price component today, continuing to learn, continuing to refine. The second bucket is really around clearance, because it's the other component of our business. Since we do have some seasonal categories, we'll move the clearance next. Third, and the most difficult will be promotion, because we're not a highly promotional company and when we do run promotion, whether it be something in preprint or on the Internet or with a coupon or whatever, there's a lot of variables there. So that, really, is the most difficult. We will -- we are looking forward into 2014 to start to work in the clearance bucket. And there's no exact timing yet because there's still some system upgrades we'll need to do, but it looks like we'll continue to stay with Revionics and we'll be looking at the end of 2014.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Okay. Thank you, operator. As you can see, we're very passionate about our business and the opportunities that's still are ahead of us. We will continue to focus on our strategies to drive sales and grow operating profits. Thank you, all, for your continued interest and support of Tractor Supply Company, and we all look forward to reporting third quarter results in about 90 days.
Anthony F. Crudele: Sure. You're absolutely correct, the first half grew a little bit slower than we had originally anticipated. Some of it has to do with the wet weather and pushing back some of the stores. Some of it has to do with, obviously, some lease negotiations that pushed out some of our deals. We do anticipate easily hitting our number, of the 100 to 105, and they will be a little bit more back loaded into the October and even, potentially November timeframe. From an expense standpoint, when it comes to the preopening, those cost has been relatively flat with last year, so you, again, from a model standpoint, can predict those. And as I noted in my comments, in the first half of the year, by opening up fewer stores on a percentage basis, it has a slight impact on margin. We would expect in the back half that would help margins slightly.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes, you're correct. The margin does -- the gross margin does offset some of the SG&A expense, but the real pull back or headwind is the anticipated cost of transitioning to full operations on the distribution center and then the subsequent relocation of our data center. And one of the big driving numbers is we're just going to be running duplicate rent for both of those locations until the end of the year. So we'll be able to cycle some of those costs as we move into next year.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes, it is. That's included, as well as there's a temporary labor that's included and there's, obviously, some handling and movement of product between the former DC, the lease location and the new location. And -- so those are really the largest expenses.
Anthony F. Crudele: Michael, this is Tony. We saw actually about the same increase when it came to the direct margin piece, but there's obviously so many other variables as far as the way as we look at margin internally. So I highlighted the larger pieces, in particular, the sort of the impact that we get from the new stores and also the way we manage markdowns during a particular quarter. And then some of the programs that we put together with our vendors. So that all comes into play and can impact a particular quarter. But from a standpoint of our initiatives, they are really driving a very strong initial direct margin on the products that we're bringing in now. So we're very pleased with how that is working. And truly just of sort of relates negative or the degradation really is a result of the mix of the product.
Anthony F. Crudele: Correct. It's very -- strong performance. As we look out, we're anticipating that the headwind that we do get from the C.U.E. items should start to moderate and should decrease slightly.
Anthony F. Crudele: Well one, as we cycle some of the higher cost from last year. And then with the anticipation that some of the pricing will come down in some of the feed categories, in particular. You have opportunity to be able to better manage the rate. So in escalating prices, in times of escalating prices, we'll manage, as we've talked in the past, to try to get a certain dollar per bag or dollar per unit as we go through lower inflation or potentially deflation in some categories, we'll still manage to that same dollar per unit, but that dollar per unit now returns you a higher margin rate. So we believe the degradation that we'll get from that headwind will be a little bit less or start to moderate in the back half.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes. There has been some volatility, some of it has been more conversation than actual actualization. So it's been a little bit more steady than you would suspect. As we look into the back half, like I just previously mentioned, we do expect some of the prices to be lesser than they were last year, although we have yet to see that sort of precipitous decrease in any of the particular grains that we deal with. And as I've stated previously, we would expect that, that would benefit margin rate in the back half of the year.
Anthony F. Crudele: It's possibility, but right now, we don't anticipate it having a significant impact. Obviously, we'll have to work through that as we see the environment and the economy in the back half of the year. But as we've said in the past, it generally has more a trickle-down effect into the economies that we deal with in the Midwest, tends to be a little bit more isolated and generally would not have a significant impact.
Anthony F. Crudele: Well, as I had said in my comments, all 3 months were strong comps relative to, obviously, the overall quarter. And so that's the detail that we provide for June. The other thing that I would comment on is that, we believe that this year, there has been more moisture. We believe that also, when it comes to drought, it is much more isolated and it's isolated more in sort of the Southwest area of the country. And last year, it extended much more into the Midwest. So we believe that the weather conditions do provide for a little bit more extended spring/summer selling season. So we think that, that bodes well, obviously, for the June performance, as well as into some of the July performance. Now, also as an editorial, I would say that any type of spring performance does start to moderate significantly as we move into July and the August timeframe. So it becomes a much lesser portion of our sales.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes. Chuck, Tony. We have seen that some of the rents have been increasing very modest, and it has not impacted our ability to identify locations and/or to obtain a very -- the required return that we would expect to get out of our new stores.
Anthony F. Crudele: It's going to vary from state to state. So we're going to see different prices in the various states. And generally, we're going to cover that through the increased sales level that we would anticipate gaining from that particular marketplace. So as an economy rebounds, if the rents rebound, we'll generally going to be able to drive some additional sales volume that would easily cover any additional rent expense that we would have to manage.
Anthony F. Crudele: No. I would not say that. We opened a few less stores in the first half of the year relative to the prior year.
Anthony F. Crudele: When it comes to gross margin guidance in the back half, as I have noted in the comments, we think we're up against easier compares. As Greg just mentioned, we like where we are relative to our inventory position. So we believe that as we go into the spring clearance mode, we'll be able to manage those markdowns effectively. We obviously, in the back half of the year, also are going up some emergency response from Sandy, so that last year carried a lower margin. So we believe that, that's an easier compare as well. We'll be opening up a lot of new stores in the back half that could have a slight positive impact. And then, in addition to seeing some of the impact of lower prices in some of the grains, we would anticipate that the headwind from the rate impact on margin could moderate as well, as well as the mix starting to moderate as well. So a lot of different factors affecting the back half. Obviously, I wanted to make it clear that we really expect to have some gross margin momentum in the back half that we had not experienced in the first half. And then with that additional charge for the DC and the data center impacting SG&A, the back half just -- will act a little bit differently than what we saw in the first half. I just want to make that clear to everybody.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes. We would anticipate that -- I mean, there's so many different categories, we're looking at over 340 different categories and they all react a little bit differently. So it's hard to isolate. We don't have anything that we're seeing that had a significant increase to it. So we're probably looking at very modest increase across the majority of the categories. And where we see sort of that offset to bring it down from what we experienced in the first half, really, is more on sort of the grain side of the business in the animal feed. So that's why we think it will be a little bit less as we look at the back half of the year.
Anthony F. Crudele: As we look at the back half, we do see a lot -- we see a lot of the opportunity in Q3. But as we move into Q4, the one thing about Q4 is that, it is a lot of import activity. So we have a potential of driving some gross margin improvement there. The new stores that we opened in the back half of the year are weighted towards the fourth quarter as well. And then we always believe that we can go through the season more effective as far as managing the markdowns. We are hopeful that it will be a little bit colder in December and that will provide us the ability to manage through the holiday season some of our, obviously, insulated and cold weather products. So yes, we definitely recognize that it is a tough comparison as we move into the fourth quarter, but we believe that there are some variables that we can be able to react and drive margin improvement in both the third and fourth quarter.
Anthony F. Crudele: No. It's really generally how the program is designed each year as we go into the year and put forth what we believe are fairly aggressive targets both on a sales and an operating level for our team members out in the stores. We should be able to benefit from the incentive compensation program. This year is a little unique because of the way the sales fell last year versus this year and we had such a strong first quarter and how we level out the incentive compensation. But coming into this quarter, being a fairly strong sales quarter with the shift relative to last year, we did expect the incentive compensation to increase relative to sales level, which it did. But again, with the more aggressive targets we come in with at the beginning of the year, still provide us the opportunity to leverage that program.
Anthony F. Crudele: At a 7% comp year-over-year, you'll probably have very limited leverage from the incentive compensation. There's a combination, you have to look at both pieces, one is the store piece and then one is the Store Support Center. Over a course of the year, at 7%, it will provide leverage because at a store support level -- Store Support Center level, the incentive compensation is capped at a particular point. So net-net, overall, you should get some leverage at a 7% comp, and it's designed where the shareholder will benefit from a strong selling season.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes, Matt. There hasn't really been a change in the philosophy. We obviously try to be as aggressive as possible when it comes to the accounts payable and the payment terms. What you see is -- included in the accounts payable is not only just merchandise payables, but also expense payables. Some of what you're seeing is timing. You also see, as we sort of lap versus last year, a little bit more consistency in that build because they're more comparable periods. Last year was a difficult comparison because we had added the extra week from the 53rd week before. So they weren't really apples-to-apples comparison. As we go through this year, there will be some spikes as we go through and we see quicker turns on some of our C.U.E. items that generally will hold back the accounts payable and we will not be able to get the leverage that we like to get out of the accounts payable. But to the basis of your question, there has not been a significant either philosophical approach or change the way the accounts payable is managed.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes, Eric. It really relates to the strength of the C.U.E. product and the performance of the C.U.E. throughout the first half of the year. So the majority of the sales driver is related to what we believe has been sales above expectations for the first half. And then to certain extent, a little bit lesser extent, the back half relative to the trend that we've seen when it comes to the performance of the base functional C.U.E. items.
Anthony F. Crudele: No. We're definitely at the combination of increased trips from our current consumer, as well as additional market share.
