Greg Sandfort: Matt, hi. This is Greg Sanford. We are not seeing anything of any substance from a competitive standpoint in even those markets that you mentioned that are challenged right now. The farm store market still has growth and some of the competition are opening some stores. But we are outpacing their growth at a very, very high rate. So, to think there is a competitive threat, I would say no, from another farm store competitor. And that’s what – we watch that very closely and monitor, but I would say, no, there is not.
Greg Sandfort: Well, first of all, the modeling that we use would not today say don’t go into those markets because right now they are under some pressure. It would actually tell us that there is a placeholder there for a store based upon all the factors that go into that model, and there is a number of those. And so it would tell us that that’s an ideal location. The one thing I can tell you is that in some of those markets where we’re seeing some challenges today, we are being very diligent when those stores come up for presentation, a real estate strategy. We need to look at them very closely to make sure that they are stores that we believe now today we should be looking toward opening. Now, there is a number of stores already in the pipeline for 2017, and those stores we are going to stay with and run with. We’re talking about stores now that truly are affecting '18 and probably into '19.
Greg Sandfort: Sure. As we look out, we're still very confident in the long-term store target of the 2500. And we tend - we still want to look out and we believe that we are capable of driving that 3% to 5% comp on a long-term basis. Obviously, as we look at the headwinds that have been presented to us this year, as well as we cannot determine at what point in time they will subside. We will take a harder look at the short term and adjust our comps accordingly. At this point in time though, we're not prepared to give full guidance on 2017. But obviously given the current sales environment, we would agree with the consensus that it would be difficult to hit the longer term target of 3% to 5%.
Greg Sandfort: Well, obviously, we want you to consider those factors in the model. We are a grower, we're going to continue to grow the store base next year. We anticipate to be above the 100 store range next year. And we - the merchandising team is aggressive as far as putting in programs and looking at new products and trying to drive the comps. So obviously, we're really working hard to have a very strong 2017 campaign. Having said that, we just understand that those headwinds of the 53rd week and the incentive compensation will have an impact on earnings. But again, our mind set here is we want to be double-digit earnings growth, and we’re going to do whatever we can to make sure that happens.
Greg Sandfort: Steven, this is Greg. Let me -I'll make it very simple for you. There is evidence not only in the consumer surveys that we've completed, but in our current sales trends that the customers have become more conservative in their purchasing behaviors. It doesn't mean they are not still buying, but they're buying more conservative, which means they are buying absolutely what they need at the time that they need it. They are still shopping the store as evidenced by the transaction increases that we're seeing. They are still supporting the pet, the animal and some land maintenance and in other categories across the store. So we're not seeing them just cherry pick. They are actually shopping across the store, but they've pulled back considerably on big ticket spends for now. We think there is a number of factors involved there, not just the energy markets and some of the things happening in the ag economy. But we’re going to get to listen again this evening a debate about who is going to be the next President of the United States, and those things have some effect on our customer, no question. We have heard from them in these surveys that they feel their budgets are a bit tighter right now. And as we’ve been monitoring sales trends and looking at this by region, the customer demand for those things that are needed to support the lifestyle continue to exist, they continue to come in and purchase in our stores. So we have got to keep bringing new products. We’ve got to keep updating the merchandise assortment, keeping those stores fresh and I can tell you the consumer count is still there, but they are being very conservative and very thoughtful in their spends.
Greg Sandfort: Simeon, this is Greg. This - when we studied that in years past and up till even this point in time, this is the first time in a number of years that back to back to back years the farm community has suffered losses in the crops that they’ve tried to bring in and sell. There is also a factor in cattle, which most people don’t think about, but in the state of Texas and in the few states north of that it’s a big impact as well, cattle prices, a dollar less per pound. I mean, we hear these things from our customers, and I would tell you that I think it’s more severe now than it was in the past. I’ll also tell you that in the model of our business, this is the first time that we’ve seen energy come into the same kind of a play on top of these other aspects. So multiple things working at the same time, it’s not – the farm piece we just mentioned this time and said it's more of a factor or at least it's a bit of an overhang because it's the first time in a number of years we can actually say in those communities we're seeing a softness, we didn't see that before. But it's other factors on top of those factors we believe that have caused the drag.
Greg Sandfort: Simeon, here's how it works, when there's no demand for certain categories of products, there is not a price that you can sell that product to the consumer for. And I'm talking about things like heating, I'm talking about things like possibly large farm equipment or larger pieces of equipment, big ticket items and so on. You have to have the consumer demand. Now we're going to need to be a little patient here and understand that we can maneuver and control inventories in some of those categories where the demand's not great right now, but we want to make sure and Steve would tell you this, that we have the ability to react if the category starts to accelerate. We believe there will still be a heating business this year, but we think it's going to come later. We do believe there will be some outerwear business and some call it seasonal type businesses this year. But until we see some weather improvement, meaning cooler weather, that's not going to transpire. So instead, inventories have been shifted a bit and where we put our – and placed our bets is on the things within queue and the categories that are retailing right now and doing well. But we have every ability to react when things would move in the right direction and we believe it will come. We don't know the timing of it, but we do believe some of these seasonal trends will shift.
Greg Sandfort: Well, at times it's very difficult to segregate the two because you may have some that cross both. But I would try to give you a generalization of the magnitude is probably at least three to one when it comes to the impact of oil on the comps versus farm on the comps.
Greg Sandfort: I would say – well, we don't usually give out that number. But I would say that number is defined, this is Greg. And I want you to think about something that most people don't realize, Alan. Back in '08 and '09, we were growing our store base at 10%. We saw a similar type of headwind occur and we said, you know what, we're going to slow down to about 7% to 8% and hold there for a while until the economies at that time would improve. We're seeing a little bit of the same kind of drag, a little different variables this time than last. So Tony's comment earlier about you know, we may not be at the 115, 120, that's always been a target, by the way. In real estate, you can in a moment's notice lose two or three stores because deals can't be completed or there is a problem with the contractor or what have you. So for 2016, that's more of the instance. We wanted to get more stores opened, we just could not. But we'll talk more about that in specific as we get through the fourth quarter and we give our guidance for next year.
Greg Sandfort: When it comes to those stores comping 3% to 5%, as we mentioned the Southeast and the West. The Southeast more on the lower end, the West is actually exceeding the upper end. Now, again, I'd point out that the West has a less mature store base, given the stores that we opened over the last couple years. So we would expect them to comp a little bit stronger, but they have had very strong sales in those areas. Again, those stores that are highly correlated, obviously, the gap with a normalized comp is much greater, and then there is a swath of stores that range in between those numbers.
Greg Sandfort: Well, what we see in October are similar trends as in September, and as we moved into this quarter, we did anticipate that October will be the toughest compare. And obviously the quarter is going to really be driven by November and December and the type of weather that he we have in those two months.
Greg Sandfort: Well, what I would tell you initially is that when you look back at the comps, we’ve had some very nice comps over the last 3 years and in an environment with mostly deflation. And obviously, as we get into some of these periods where we have a downturn in the economy, we’re going to be impacted. But we continue to believe that we’ll make the necessary adjustments with the merchandising, we'll continue to drive strong store performance. And as these economies turn, we're going to be very well positioned to continue towards our long-term goal of 3% to 5% comps.
Greg Sandfort: Hey, Dan, this is Greg. Very difficult to predict as you can imagine, but those energy markets we're watching closely and I would say that we can't predict if they are going to be any worse or any better. But my prediction if I was going to give one on this is a slight up-tick in that business down there to stabilize would give our customers the confidence to go back and start spending again on some of those categories that we believe right now from the survey work we've done, and they're sitting back, holding their money. They are not releasing those funds right now because they are nervous. Once they can settle down I do think we'll start to see some movement back, yes.
Greg Sandfort: Yes, they are connected. I mean, we brought the database in house, it was last month. And what we're going to be able to do now is mine it with our own folks rather than outsourcing it to a third-party. So all the enrollments, all the customer data we have will be here and we'll be able to manage it accordingly.
Greg Sandfort: Well, no, I mean, what the loyalty program will do is give us access to every single one of the purchases they make as they go into our stores. But whether it was outsourced before or whether it’s in house we're not going to see any material difference in the data itself, it's just how we'll mine the data.
Greg Sandfort: Adam, this is Greg. Two things to remember on Petsense, one is it is not going to be a distraction for TSC, and it will not really look to take any type of funding and resources from TSC. As a matter of fact, it’s a well run little company. It is small in base today, but has tremendous growth opportunity, and it will basically fund itself. So don’t worry about trying to run two businesses. They are not going to be integrated. It’s a separate business. It runs separately. It has its own president and its own staff of people, and there would be no integration, this was a strategic buy and not an integration buy, there is the difference.
Greg Sandfort: Well, thank you, everyone, and thank you for your continued support in Tractor Supply. We'll look forward to speaking with you again in January regarding our fourth quarter and full year 2016 performance.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. Peter, this is Steve Barbarick. We started the program back, it was about a year ago in October, and we've been very methodical in watching it. The one thing that's really exciting is the enrollment continues to exceed our expectations. To look at the fact that - I'll give you some numbers here, 80% of the e-mails that we're getting through the program are new to our database and about 50% of the folks that are signing up are also new to our database. So we're getting a real good insight into these individuals. And tracking over the course of the last year, what we're finding is the people that are signing up, and this is of no surprise, tend to be the closest ones to the brand and they do want to hear from us. They tend to shop us more often and they are twice as likely to take advantage of our marketing promotions. So as we move forward with this program, we think that this is a real opportunity to talk more to them. They are typically our best customers and they really want to hear from us. So we think this has a lot of upside in the future.
Steve Barbarick: You know, lot of what we're doing is not just new, but it's also enhancements of what we're currently doing. So for example, we're using the digital space today more effectively than we've had in the past. And so you'll see us continue to move down that path as we evolve. We still know that a lot of our customers like the traditional marketing that we do. But we will continue to evolve based on what we see it to be most efficient and that's where right now we're kind of moving toward.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. Christopher, this is Steve Barbarick. And we typically don’t get too detailed into the numbers. The big picture, we know that animal products is about 40% to 45% of our business, and seasonally it changes. So, again, we’re not going to get that granular here.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. This is Steve Barbarick. We have been working with our supplier community. But we use a price optimization tool in systems here and it's been very effective for us. And we continue to drive share in a lot of the key categories that are more price sensitive, like feed and in some cases pet food. I don't want to get too deep into the vendor support, but we do work with our vendors to make sure that when we do promote and we do EDLP pricing that we're competitive and that we are continuing to gain share.
Steve Barbarick: You know, there is a lot going on in the merchandising front. I would tell you that the team is all over certain trends right now. We continue to see in the pet and animal side people stepping up the premium, natural foods. We've just expanded a number of organic products in the stores. We still see our customers tend to self reliant. So the thing that we're doing with chicken supplies and beekeeping, we've got resets that are taking place throughout the store right now on both sides that we think we can capitalize on things like premium, rubber footwear and things in truck accessories. So there is a variety of things. We've always said that we're a test and learn company, and we've been testing and learning a lot, and we're rolling and expanding a lot of programs out. So from that perspective, there is still a lot in the hopper. Just most recently we expanded our animal test from 25 stores to 100 stores, thinking that this would be a good quarter to learn a little bit more in. In sporting goods, for example, we've got premium coolers and kayaks and other things going on. So if I were to walk a store with you and walk through the entire four walls, I would tell you there's something happening in about every area.
Steve Barbarick: Stephen, this is Steve again. I would tell you that it's still early in the game for us. While we've got a handful of stores that have comped the first year, we're now just comping over last year's and we're going to be able to give you much better indication on the next call. But I will tell you we wouldn't be expanding it if we didn't feel like we were getting a benefit.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. Dan, this is Steve again. I would tell you that we're seeing nice momentum in this space. We've added a number of new lines, online in content and we're seeing good growth there, as you know, that we've invested in the new platform. We've mobile optimized our website to ensure there is a consistent consumer experience across the device. And most recently the impact of Buy Online Pickup in Store is having a very positive impact on our business. I think that alone tied in with the initiatives we have, some around the fulfillment side, you'll see that percentage grow over time and once it becomes more material, we'll be able to share with you exactly where we're at. But I would tell you that there's a lot of work being done and we're very excited about what we're doing right now. And we're seeing the results of it.
Tony Crudele: Sure, Seth. This is Tony. As I mentioned on the remarks, it was an easier comparison, but as we looked at the individual markets, we did see that those markets were still the ones that had the similar trends that we had in the July and August time frame. The one thing in September that did impact September was obviously not getting any type of cold snaps and some of the pre-season heating sales were still down. But again, going up against the easier compare of last year made September a positive comp.
Tony Crudele: Yes. When we look at those stores, those are clearly – I want to say its all ships rise with the current tide. So as we moved into September, obviously, we had stronger comps, but the difference or the delta between sort of a normalized comp and those stores remains similar as it was in July and August.
Tony Crudele: Sure. We've been very aggressive in looking at the expenses for the back half, as we saw sales soften through Q2 and Q3. As we look out, we believe that we can continue to manage those discretionary expenses, such as travel, training, looking at some of the stores, really working with vendor to try to reduce our costs relative to maintenance, supplies, and fixtures and things like that. So obviously, we'll continue to do that. The one thing that's very important to us though is, we look at the long-term and so we do not want to do anything that would jeopardize the business. So we'll continue to make sure that we fund our stores, fund payroll. We want to make sure that we maintain market share and we want to convert those customers and maintain those customers as they come into our store. The one thing that we do mention when we look out over the next 12 months is the incentive compensation piece. Though, obviously it's much reduced this year and we'll be comping up against that as we put in a more normalized incentive compensation, it will make it very difficult to get SG&A leverage.
Tony Crudele: Well, obviously, Michael, it’s very difficult to project how long that would be. Now, what I would tell you, as far as order of magnitude, the oil markets have been a drag. Obviously, just in the recent weeks you start to see the oil prices coming back. They are having a few more rigs put back into place. Not that that’s going to turn of on a light switch, but obviously it’s more of a positive indication. Next, on the higher key would be really the impact of the cold weather products, and that would be probably the second biggest drag on the comps. And then really, thirdly, it’s the farm economy. And it’s really all three combined, which is having the impact. So as any one of those start to turn, you know, obviously, it would have a favorable impact on the business. So I wouldn’t necessarily say we need all three of them to turn around to start to see the comps really improve dramatically, and of those three factors, farm income probably is the least of the three.
Tony Crudele: I would say that would be the correct way to look at it. I would say you want to adjust for those items and then this team here is - we are geared towards driving double-digit growth, but we need to adjust for those two factors.
Tony Crudele: We're not providing guidance at this time. What we believe is that any bottom line benefit that we would receive would offset the transaction and or integration cost in that quarter. So net-net, bottom line, there is not an impact.
Tony Crudele: This is Tony. I'll give you just a little bit more color as best as I can. In the prepared remarks we talked about 25% of the store base and that would include all energy, which would be oil, it could also be coal in the Appalachian area and obviously the farming tends to be mostly in the Midwest and the Great Plains. So - but what we're saying is – and this is such a broad area of the country. All the stores are getting thrown in there. So it appears to be a much larger piece of business. But when we run our models, we see that the co-relation specifically to all three of those being any of the oil, energy, coal or farm, the co-relation, the direct correlation is only for about 25% of the store base. So those are the ones that are being directly impacted. So, as much as we have a lot of stores in Texas, there is only X amount that are energy impacted. So the first thing is I would not extrapolate it to every store in every state, what we're saying is about 25% of the stores are co-relate directly and have a more significant impact than the rest of the chain.
Tony Crudele: Obviously, it's too early to tell for next year. As we've done our sensitivities for Q4, we believe that if there is margin pressure with some of the pricing programs we would expect to pick it up on the top line and vice versa, if we aren't overly aggressive on price we'll pick it up on the margin side relative to the models that we ran for the quarter.
Tony Crudele: Yes, Ben, you're correct, it has - the difference has continued. It's been very consistent over the last three quarters. But where we're disappointed is that, as we had mentioned on a previous conference call, we were hoping that that differential would moderate as we came into the back half of the year and we have not seen that happen. So there still is a relatively large delta and again, until the economies really start to turn a little bit, we expect that we'll have similar delta throughout the end of the year.
Tony Crudele: We're currently assessing the store target for next year. I would tell you that we have the majority of stores already in place and signed. As we move towards that north of 100 to 120 range, I would tell you that we would be very discriminate in the softer sales environment and making sure that we make the right choices on those stores as we of move forward. But we'll give you more guidance on the next conference call in January as to the 2017 store plan.
Tony Crudele: Dan, this is Tony. When we look at the comps and sort of the store maturation cycle, we've always said that the newer stores are going to ramp at a higher pace than the chain. When in good times and the chain is moving out at your 3 to 5 comp, you know, we're going to be at a delta above that. We're seeing that the stores out West are running above that normalized delta. But given that, obviously, the rest of the chain is very flat, obviously that helps to increase the delta between the mature stores and the new stores out there. But what I would tell you is that, yes, some of the stores that came out slow are ramping at a much nicer pace. We're very pleased with those stores, and that's why when we look at the new store productivity and we spent a great deal of time looking at it, we look at it more on a rolling 12. We know that some of the stores last year that we talked about came out a little bit soft. So we know that we probably have this lower new store productivity over the course of the year. But when we look at it and look at it over a 12 – rolling 12, it's relatively consistent for the last four quarters. It has gone down slightly. Some of the West stores have come out slower. That's probably one of the bigger drivers and some of the West stores also had a little bit more square footage as we've had some additional square footage so that we could have more allocation for the feed products since they tend to be strong feed stores. So that distorts the calculation a little as well. But IRR hurdle has not changed. We're meeting pro forma. And so we feel very good about the new stores, especially as we see the stores out West ramp.
Tony Crudele: Well, Cristina, this is Tony. What we’re saying is that our incentive compensation is based against our plan. So as we move into 2017 and we create a new plan, we have to allocate to the incentive compensation expense line relative to our projected 2017 plan. So as we go through this year with very limited incentive compensation in the expense structure, once we recalibrate next year and put a new plan together, we need to put an on plan incentive compensation. So we estimate that if we move back relative year-over-year that there would be an increase in the expense structure of $0.07 to $0.08 to the bottom line. So having said that, we're just saying, I'm just giving you notice that you need to adjust your models accordingly as a lot of people have been looking at this year's expense run rate and applying it to next year. So you just need to be able to add in some incentive compensation into your model next year if you have not already.
