Mary Winn Pilkington: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the time to join us today and I hope everyone is having a great summer. On the call today are Hal Lawton, our CEO; Kurt Barton, our CFO. And after our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. Seth Estep, our EVP and Chief Merchandising Officer, will join us for the Q&A session. Please note that we have made supplemental slide presentation available on our website to accompany today’s earnings release. Now, let me reference the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the future operating and financial performance of the company. In many cases, these risks and uncertainties are beyond our control. Although the company believes the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations or any of its forward-looking statements will prove to be correct and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements are included at the end of the press release issued today and in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information contained in this call is accurate only as of the date discussed. Investors should not assume that statements will remain operative at a later time. Tractor Supply undertakes no obligation to update any information discussed in this call. We have shortened our prepared remarks to allow more time for Q&A. Given the number of people who want to participate, we respectfully ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have an additional question, please feel free to get back in the queue. We appreciate your cooperation and we will be available after the call for follow-up. Thank you for your time and attention this morning. Now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Hal.
Mary Winn Pilkington: Thank you. So, we will take one more question, Austin, and then we will wrap it up as we are at the top of the hour.
Mary Winn Pilkington: Thanks Scott. And Austin, this will conclude our call today. We are around for questions and Mary and I are available today, so please feel free to reach out to us. So thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to speaking to you on our third quarter call in October.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Liz, how are you? This is Hal. Thanks so much for the question and for joining the call. On transportation costs, break it down into a couple of different buckets. First off, spot rates for both import products, the container spot rates as well as spot rates for domestic are trending down and starting to reach kind of averages levels for last year and in some cases, below. That said, the flip side is the vast majority of our business for both domestic and imports are done on contracts. And the contracts that we are in this year are at higher rates than they were last year. So kind of when you kind of look at it all, it all kind of blends to about the same number. So as we get in towards the back half of the year, we do expect some of the pressure to moderate. But I don’t anticipate a tailwind on transportation costs for 12 to 18 months.
Hal Lawton: Good morning, Steve, how are you? And thanks for joining our call. I’d start with the culture at Tractor Supply is foundational for us. Our mission and values are our number one priority. And we are constantly looking for ways to make deposits in our culture and continue to build on it. And as you mentioned, our annual sales meeting, which was just last week is one big way that we do that. As it relates to kind of the investments we made in the team, we’re proud of the investments we’ve made in our team, in particular over the last couple of years. And they range from wage investments to bonus enhancements and improvements and to broader rollouts of benefits and not just healthcare benefits, but additional items like tuition reimbursement, paternity leave, etcetera. And those have been substantial in their monetary both at an individual level and also material in terms of investment on the overall company level. And we are committed to paying a fair day’s wage for a fair day’s work. That said, we look forward – we do think that the majority of that investment is behind us. We feel good about where we are from a market perspective on a relative basis. We’re seeing retention rates well below 2019 levels. We’re seeing excellent engagement scores with our team members. And we feel really good about our culture and our morale and our team as we head into the back half of the year. We have a track record of consistency and resiliency in all different economic environments. And that’s one of the things that I do anticipate that as the economy becomes a little tougher and we start to see the labor market ease and layoffs occurring that there will be a flight to quality. And I think that will be a really good thing for Tractor Supply and allow us to further improve our retention and attract high-quality talent just given the resiliency and stability of our business and our commitment to our team members and culture.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Good morning. And thanks, Scot, for the question and for joining the call. I’d say at the highest level, our business just continues to be incredibly resilient, stable and consistent kind of week-to-week, day-to-day. And we’ve got a portfolio of geographies. So at times when certain geographies are seeing unfavorable weather, we will see favorable weather elsewhere. We’re seeing some balance of that as it averages across. I’d also point to the strength of our C.U.E. business and the fact that it is the fifth consecutive quarter it’s performed at these elevated levels. Categories like dog, dry food, we’re taking significant share. That business is running mid-double-digit unit comps well into the mid-20% on sales dollar comp. We’re also seeing similar strength in poultry feed and equine feed. And those businesses are demand-driven, need based. They drive the traffic into our stores. And so with that and then the rest of the business, we’ve been really good at evolving with consumer demand in a pretty quick way, leaning into categories that are going well, like grilling, moderating in certain categories where like frontage and riders where we need to. And the team has just done an excellent job navigating that kind of evolving consumer demand having the right inventory at the right place at the right time. And as Seth mentioned, the quality of our inventory, I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we’re ending our inventory on plan at the end of the quarter. And we just we feel really good about inventory. And if anything, we’d like to have more of it in some of our C.U.E. categories. But I think that’s the thing that’s just the strength of Tractor Supply in our business model is the demand-driven, need-based consistency of the business. If I go back in history, 30 years plus now of positive revenue growth, 30 years of consecutive of positive comp transactions, 29 of 30 of positive sales comp dollars. And it’s just the consistency of the business and the strength of the team to be able to navigate these evolving consumer demand that gives us the confidence in our – in raising our outlook for the year and also the consistency of the first half performance.
Hal Lawton: Yes. I’d say as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the business has continued to evolve this year as consumer demand has evolved. Certainly, as we mentioned on big ticket, it was flattish for the second quarter. Now, that’s on top of 40% comps from last year, so really still elevated sales levels compared to multiple years ago. But in there, we have some categories that were very strong, grilling and safe as examples. But then we had other categories that were below expectations, but those all netted to be right in line with what we thought. And so we’re not seeing a precipitous drop off anywhere, just the continued evolution as you always have in the business and maybe a little bit more faster evolving just given the market dynamics that we’ve all been operating in over the last 2 or 3 years, really. But nothing of concern or material weakness or anything like that.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Peter, how are you today? Thanks so much for the question. I’d start out by saying we estimate our market was roughly flat on a dollar basis for Q2. And therefore, we took substantial share in the quarter. And our new customers that we’ve acquired over the last couple of years are certainly contributing to that share growth, in addition to just share of wallet gain that we’ve had with our kind of core customer. And I’d point to categories – a few different categories on that. First off, I’d point to dry dog food and the numbers I gave earlier on unit growth and sales dollar growth. And those are well above the market run rate right now. Similarly, on poultry, now a very large business for us with continued growth. This is the third year now of substantial growth in poultry. And each year, we’re seeing the customers that engage in the category last year reengage at very high retention rates. In fact, one of the highest retention rates that we have in our C.U.E. business. And then we’re also seeing significant new customers entering the category. And that category, not only is it kind of an outdoor hobby and activity, but it also has a big element of kind of self-reliance. With rising inflation and cost, you can have a meat bird in 3 months, have an egg layer in 4 months. And we’re seeing people invest in their flocks currently, not only just for the notion of kind of rural revitalization, but also really in the spirit of kind of self-reliance. I’d also point to live goods. We’ve made a significant investment in our garden centers over the last 2 years and exiting Q2 with 230 garden centers. And over 10% of our chain now has a garden center. Live goods, has been now grown into a material business for us. And it’s attracted a more female customer as well as a younger customer into our business and really helped us – and given us kind of that next kind of demand-driven need-based transaction driver in our stores. So, we feel really good about our customer retention, how we have engaged with the customers over the last 2 years and we are holding on to them. And the last thing I would point to is our Neighbor’s Club now, it’s 26 million members, comprising well over 70% of our sales. Retention rate is still running well above 80%. And our largest tier and one of our fastest-growing tier is retention rate above 95%. So, I feel really good about the state of our customer and start and I will close with, as I mentioned at the beginning, we took substantial share in the quarter, which has been a consistent trend over the last 2 years, 2.5 years.
Hal Lawton: Good morning. On inflation, I would start by just saying it continues to be persistent and consistent. Certainly, seeing some moderation, if you look at a few of the metrics, fuel costs, slightly down, spot rates on containers, down a bit, commodities moderating, but still, if you look at even on a year-over-year basis and certainly on a 2-year and 3-year basis, kind of record highs. And I think there is a lot of debate in the industry right now and whether or not some of the reduced prices around corn and wheat are going to hold, or whether it’s just a temporary lull that will go back up as we start to look at the crop yields and demand towards the back half of the year. I think the thing we are both watching at a very high macro level is PPI. And PPI has got to come down first, just generically speaking, across retail before CPI is going to come down. And it’s going to take – because retailers got to turn through their higher cost inventory for two months, three months, four months at a minimum before you start to see any reduction on the CPI retail side. So, I think inflation is going to hold and continue to be consistent really through the CPI kind of retail level, certainly through the balance of this year.
Hal Lawton: Hi good morning. This is Hal. Thanks Chuck for the question. First, I will just say on our comps, they have been very consistent in June and into July. And I think the heat and the drought is certainly impacting the business. But as I mentioned in my remarks, it’s really taken more of the upside out of Q3 more so than it impacted to the downside. And that’s why Kurt was kind of mentioning in his comments, kind of in our 5.2 to 5.8 guide set for the year that we expect in Q3 and Q4 to roughly run in the middle of that. And as we mentioned, that’s kind of how we – what our total Q2 was as well. So, feel very good about that. And we are navigating the drought well. But – and again, it’s kind of impacted the upside potentially really more in the quarter. Yes, and then on garden centers, 230 of them as we exited the quarter here. As I mentioned earlier, we are seeing a strong attraction of it for new customers and destination trips, more younger and female While we – and I think the thing that’s different about our garden centers, while we certainly sell annuals and perennials, we are seeing real strength in what you would expect in kind of rural America, which is trees, shrubs, fruits and vegetables. And our garden centers are performing at the expectations we had, continuing to deliver strong comp lifts in the stores that we roll it out. And we have been very pleased with our vendor partnership as well, and there has been a lot of interest from our vendor partners in doing business with us as we expand into other markets.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hi Michael and good morning. I would start with we look at the history of the business and just the consistency of our performance and the stability of our performance over 30-plus years in all the varying economic cycles that we have been through. The second thing is we then look at kind of the foundation of the business and our C.U.E. business and the demand-driven, need-based orientation that, and the strong stability we have there and the share gain. And then we obviously have our own internal forecast that we have around the overall economy, and we get a lot of deep insights into our own customer trends, whether it’s from Neighbor’s Club data and others. And we – our view on the economy is that it will remain roughly as it is for the balance of the year. And as a consequence, our performance will stay kind of in the same range that it’s been operating in as we move forward for the balance of the year. We all saw Q1’s GDP was negative. We will know in a few weeks’ time on Q2’s GDP. We certainly know consumer sentiment and business sentiment is negative. I think it’s more likely than not that the Q2 GDP is roughly in line with what Q1 was. And – but our expectation is that the second half is about the same. And if we are in a recession, it’s a mild, modest recession, and we expect our business will continue to perform in the same way. On comp transactions, we are certainly watching that closely and have aspirations of turning those back positive. Two big impacts to comp transactions this year-to-date have been stimulus and then also the drought and the heat. In weeks where those two are not as applicable, we do see – we have seen positive transactions. As we mentioned in my prepared remarks, the months of May and June in combination had positive comp transactions. And in markets that are less affected by the heat right now, we are seeing positive comp transactions. And we certainly anticipate as we get through those pressures the return of positive comp transactions.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey Scott and thanks for the question. And on the first part, the comp transaction decline is almost fully attributable to the stimulus lapping and the heat and the drought and kind of the compressed spring. As I mentioned earlier, in weeks and in geographies where those extraneous factors are not at play, we see strong positive comp transactions. Collectively across the months of May and June, we see positive comp transactions. We break our customers in a variety of different cohorts and segments. We see our lower-income customer group having some modest falloff, but we have mentioned that over the last month or two months. And – but as a reminder, that’s a very small piece of our customer segment. Our customers own homes, they own land, they own animals, they own pets. And to some degree, that insulates them. And that’s the consumer segment – I think being our business, but also if you just are reading all the newspaper headlines and watching all the various shows out there, those consumers are holding up well, and they continue to hold up well for us, too. And I think we can see that in a moment, and we also see it in the track record of this business over the last 10 years, 20 years, 30 years. And so our customers don’t very strong, still spending and still doing well. And when you pull out the extraneous factors, we still see strong positive comp transactions and feel very good about the health of the business. And the garden centers, we feel we are very positive on our garden centers in total. Really pleased in less than 2 years of having launched the strategy to have over 15% of our chain is garden centers now. And in the stores that have had it in place for now a second garden season, they are performing very strongly. We are very pleased with how quickly our garden centers are becoming a destination in the communities, very pleased with our vendors and being able to have the great product in there and replenishing it at the right rate. We have been very pleased with our store execution and hiring garden center specialists. So, you have got a strong customer service theme in the garden centers. And then it’s bridging over into the balance of the store with the transactions in there because we estimate about half of the transactions happen to garden centers are actually destination transactions that then bleed into the store or even into the side lot now. And the side lots become a much more kind of shoppable destination with the drive-through pickup. So, I am very pleased with the performance of the garden centers and just our sideline transformation. And then obviously, in combination with Project Fusion, which we haven’t talked about as much today, but now over 400 stores with Project Fusion, starting to reach critical mass over 20% of our stores now, seeing the lift in the comp sales there, but also the improved customer response to the elevation in the store experience, improvements in areas like apparel and pet food, obviously, in our power tools now we have got 100 – I think it’s 800 stores now – 700 stores now with an updated power tools area. So, our customers – when you look at the data, you can very much see the lift in the stores that we execute Fusion in our garden centers, and it’s a big driver of our market share gain that we are seeing.
Kurt Barton: Liz, hi, this is Kurt. Yes, we have imports at around 12% of our business just for the full group as a reminder. And back when the China tariffs were put into place, I mean, we had some product having the tariffs in there. If there were to be reverse of those tariffs, that would be a benefit to us. We managed well when putting – managing through the increase in the tariffs. And then, of course, with imports, do keep in mind that, that product has a longer lead time. Those costs have to work through the system. So similar to almost the explanation that you heard from Hal on transportation, any shift in tariffs would take 6, 9, 12 months to really see playing through the inventory and cost of goods sold. And as any changes in a tariff environment changes. Certainly, we will update our guidance. And it is generally a benefit to us as we can get some relief from those tariffs that have had to be baked into the cost over the last few years.
Kurt Barton: Good morning, Chuck, yes, thank you for the question. In regards to our inventory position, the additional comments I can give to you in addition to the prepared remarks, our inventory as of the end of the second quarter, there is a 21% growth year-over-year compared to second quarter of last year. I’ll share just a few other color commentary on it. That is a very similar year-over-year growth that we had at Q1. Our average inventory per store is actually slightly down compared to the first quarter numbers, but very similar on a year-over-year basis. A majority of our inventory growth is inflation, and that inflation has been baked into it. There is some inflation we expect to continue in the business. I think the most important point is what you’ve heard from Seth and Hal and I now is that the merchant team did an excellent job recognizing that some of the demand from last year that was stimulus driven, we were wise in regards to managing the supply chain and the purchasing. The inventory is in a healthy position. There is some more on the consumables side we are working to get more of to improve our in-stock position, but we feel very good about it. And as I mentioned, unit growth over the last 3 years is single digits, while our sales have been growing at 60%. And I think that’s a really important point is that we’re growing the inventory modestly, and our turns are in great shape.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Jonathan, this is Kurt. In regards to tariffs, I will address part of it first. I will let Seth talk about pricing and how we would address that. But let me frame up the size of it and the timing of it. So, for instance, just referencing back that imports are roughly 12% of our business. Not all of those imports are subjected to tariffs. So, you are talking single-digit percentage of our business. And when tariffs were enacted, it’s over – it was over a 12-month, 18-month period of time that it flowed through. And we view it and you have to manage it very much like it’s another form of inflation. And as it flows through our model, we then have to address how we are going to be able to manage our margins, whether it’s retail price or any other levers that we pull through that. And because it’s single-digit percentage of it, do keep in mind this – we never really called it out over those periods of time as a margin headwind. And we would manage it like other levels of inflation where we don’t believe it’s a significant headwind. We managed it as a needs-based business fairly well, not necessarily a notable margin gain either, but we believe we will manage through that as any tariff adjustments occur. Seth, I will turn it over to you to talk about pricing strategy.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Peter, good morning. As we indicated in our prepared remarks and just the consistency of this business, I will start there, Peter, with just the fact that we have got good visibility on our expense structure. We have had consistency in both top line and in gross margin. So, it’s really important to just start there as a needs-based, really durable business. And then from there – the other point that I would mention is that the investments in the business, when you look at SG&A and the cost, the biggest pressure is the investments of the business and the natural SG&A levers at a good low-single digit number. And we are making these purposeful investments all part of our long-term algorithm to drive a strong operating margin and return. We can do that while we are investing in the business. So, to your question about how we manage that, we certainly have the ability if needed to, to be nimble and flex on the investments because that’s the area that is the greatest pressure on SG&A. And then the business just has a solid core around DNA around profit improvement, lean thinking. I mean this is something that has been built in over 10-plus years and really matured in our organization. And what we are doing today in regards to driving miles down, more inventory per truckload when you have got transportation costs. And what we are doing to just drive efficiency. Those are the different levers that we are benefiting from today, and we will continue to use that for the next few years. If there is any reason to really have to adjust from our current thesis and algorithm. So, we feel very good about our ability to drive our long-term operating margins.
