Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, Peter, this is Steve Barbarick. And I would tell you, we've made a lot of advancements over the last couple of years and we continue to make traction as we go forward. To give you some bullets into the quarter and what we saw, our web visits were up about 26%. And what's also very exciting is that, if you look at the number of hits we've got the store locator, we had nearly 5 million hits to store locator for the quarter, which is up about 40%. So we know our customers are going online, they're not just looking at content or looking to buy, but also to look where our stores are located. Couple of other tit bits here that I would share with you. Our mobile traffic was over 60% and up to last year, and we continue to see Drop Ship as a real viable source for us. If you combine what we've done now direct-to-customer, as well as what we're seeing with Buy Online Pickup in Store, the early results, I will tell you, as we move into the back half of this year, I suspect for the full year we will be between probably 1% and 2% of sales, so we're seeing nice growth there. Then if you look at some of what we're doing in terms of capabilities, as Greg said, evolve to what customers needs, we talk a lot internally, and I think, we introduced this to you all at the Investor Meeting this concept of ONETractor. And it's really making sure we're taking the care of the customer anytime, anywhere and anyway. And we're working on things like enhanced search, enhanced checkout. We've got a comprehensive pricing tool that's going on out there for us, we can look at what the competitors are doing, even going as far as taking a look at what we're doing inside the stores to better take care of our customers, when it comes to Buy Online Pickup in Store. So there is a lot of things and a lot of capabilities that we have that we're working on and that also includes what we call the stockyard, which is a special order system in a number of our stores right now. So I guess, what I would tell you is that we're not sitting back, we're moving forward and we've got a plan to do just that. I know that was a long answer, but I wanted to make sure that I was comprehensive as I could be.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. And I would just add Matt that talking about the seasonal shift here, Greg talked earlier and so did Kurt about the softness we saw in January and February, and that really impacted a lot of our cold weather businesses. It was exciting and we thought we get into early spring and so we were quite nimble, we brought some receipts in early, and thought that we could capitalize on an early spring season similar to last year, but then the weather turned on us. Once we got into April, you would get, basically what you would expect. We saw the OPE lines start to ramp-up, a lot of our spring seasonal businesses take off, as well including grass seed. Now, we do have one less day in the second quarter, and that already took place in April. But if you look across the board, it's pretty much shaping up like you would expect for a spring season.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. I would just say that, Dan, we always talk about rate and share and there is a balance between the two. We are certainly not going to do anything that would put us in a position to be uncompetitive. So when you use a pricing tool and you've got upwards of 15,000 SKUs in the store, not all of them have the same level of elasticity. So we're going through – we're going to be very careful, very surgical in the way we use the tool. I would say at this point the tool is not cost us any share, if anything it's benefited us both ways, because we have come down on some prices and up on others and we will be very methodical on the use of that.
Steve K. Barbarick: Seth, this is Steve Barbarick. And one of the things, we talk a lot about is, I mentioned it earlier about our ability to be nimble, and whether it'd be using our inventory or using things like promotion to take care of our business and making sure that we continue to keep share up. In the first quarter, we did a few things. We did a coupon online to see what kind of impact that might have and we tested that across the network, and the response was very favorable with our customers. We also did a few other little events that we thought might have an impact. I would tell you that, it wasn't material in terms of overall sales to the business. It did have a little bit of a margin erosion, but we've always talked a little bit about the fact that, we've got to make sure that we're using all of the arrows in our quiver. This would be one of the arrows that we used in Q1. I don't anticipate further promotion needing to be used throughout the remainder of the year based on last year's promotion, but we want to make sure that we've reserved the right to use it, if we need to. So that's what I will would tell you about promotion. In terms of deflation and Kurt and I may tag team this one. Typically the way we view that is input cost first, and then what our retail selling price is second. So, what you hear when we talk about deflation isn't us just selling at lower retails, it has to do first and foremost with the impact of commodities.
Steve K. Barbarick: So, let me start Stephen, this is Steve, with the in-store initiatives and some of the things that we're doing. We did reset about a 1,000 stores in first quarter, in those stores they got the reset, we went up to 84-inch height. And really, the strategic area of our business in that is Pet. And you heard Kurt, and I believe, Greg both talk about the growth of our Pet business in Q1. I think we're going to get the benefit of that later in the year, because that reset happened about midway toward the back half of Q1. So, that's still in play, but we anticipate continued growth there. We tested it before we did it, so we had an ROI before we laid it out. The other thing I would tell you in store is that we had our most successful Chick Days event ever when you crossover the March/April timeframe. It was fantastic. We saw great growth in a lot of the accessories within Chick Days, whether it'd be the coops organic feed and treats. The Garden event is doing exceptionally well right now. And so, a lot of the efforts that we put into the initiatives in store have really from where I sit have paid off. The seasonal business was a drag, and it's unfortunate because it doesn't necessarily reflect the hard work nor the results that I would have expected.
Steve K. Barbarick: Again, this is Steve. I would tell you that and I've said this previously that if we didn't think that there was a lift, we wouldn't have rolled it out completely. We haven't gone into specifics around what that lift looks like, but we do believe there is a benefit, less in the short-run, although there is a benefit and certainly more in the long haul.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. Adam, this is Steve. I would tell you that, when it comes to Buy Online Pickup in Store, what we're finding is, is that our customers have an interest across the four walls. It's nothing in specific. In many cases, it's in multiples that they're buying. So it maybe fencing outside. It could be product that is on promotion for example, where they're maybe trying to reserve something, so they can get in and get the deal. But it's really across the entire spectrum of the four walls. So it's nothing that I can point to and say that 80% of what we're seeing there is one category or even a one side of the store. The second question was regarding the subscription. We talked about ONETractor and we talked about anytime, anywhere and anywhere customers want to shop a Tractor, and one of the capabilities that we're working on right now is subscription. It's one of many. And we fully anticipate making good traction on that throughout this year. And you will see us as we continue to talk with you all in these conference calls, we'll give you the traction that we're making, but it's definitely high on the list for us.
Steve K. Barbarick: Sure. Well, I would tell you, it's two-prong. Yes, in some cases and I think if you would talk to most retailers, they would tell you that because I have certain retailers that I go to, that I would have gone to anyways and I use Buy Online Pickup in Store. But I would also tell you there has been several examples where we've modified our marketing budget in our spend there. And we have gone from what has been traditional over to digital, and buying SEM search words, we have found that customers are going in. I'll use the example of, the first Buy Online Pickup order that we had was actually a customer who was searching for trailers, and they never shopped at Tractor Supply before, searched the word, went on to our site, reviewed it, looked at the content, used Buy Online Pickup in Store and came in and bought two of them from us. So it's hard to pinpoint exactly who is using it, but I can tell you that we do believe it's a mix of both.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. Joe, this is Steve. And I would tell you, we've been talking a lot about different digital things that we're doing and ways that we're attracting new customers in our stores, but there's also an opportunity with our existing customers base to sell them new and different things like you're mentioning. And so, for example this year, we've expanded beekeeping, because we know our customers are self-reliant, and that is an unique item that really is all about sustainability, that we've expanded our organic selection both in lawn and garden, as well as in our livestock feed section, and we're seeing incredibly nice comps there. A lot of the resets we've done in adding new brands, we're expanding 4health to customers, our outdoor sporting goods for example continues to grow. We've added it to more stores at this point. We're up to between 200 stores and 300 stores. We've expanded ammo, which is another key item for us, so we think our customers are looking for it. And I'll even go as far as to tell you that we're testing live crickets and worms in a lot of these sporting goods stores as well, to see if there's an interest or a demand from our customers. So there is a lot of things going on within the four walls themselves that should continue to drive that momentum that we've talked about in the past.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, Denise, this is Steve again. I would tell you that's one of the capabilities right now that we're working on. When we talk about all the new things we're putting into and our capabilities for ONETractor. So while we have a tool out there today that is going out and web scraping for us and it's been effective for us for the most part, we've had that for now two years, I would tell you a more comprehensive tool that would give us more insight into more competitors and more SKUs will be much more beneficial as we move forward and I'll be able to give you more on that probably in the upcoming quarters.
Steve K. Barbarick: The last part of the question is tough Denise, as it relates to weather. So, I'll let Steve maybe think about that, I want to see if he can go back in history. But I would tell you that generally big ticket is more significant in Q2 than it is in Q1 with the spring seasonal. And the only thing I did mention in the last time was the headwind of safes. And so, big ticket spring seasonal was the biggest headwind, outside of the weather, there would have been a little bit of a headwind still with the sluggishness of the safe sales.
Gregory A. Sandfort: This is Greg. I'll start off and I think Kurt and Steve may join. First of all, the Western region, as you know, we had a little bit of a slow start there in one state, but once the consumer recognized and understood who we were, we started seeing business accelerate. We don't typically comment on the basis points difference between West, East, North and South, so I'll kind of pun on that one. What I can tell you is that the West is doing quite well. I think there has been a real challenge in the retail environment in general, but our Western stores are performing very, very well. Now, there is more new stores in the West so – and I needed to make sure that you understand that caveat. I think they're less weather dependent as well, so that gives us a little bit of a benefit, and there's some things we're learning about the West, not only through the digital capabilities that we're also rolling out there, but how this consumer – their consumption, it's a large recline community. And I think for us, it's a little bit like the Deep South in Texas. We've got a consumer base out there that needs us, wants us to be there and they're engaging with us at a very high level. So, you'll see us continue to expand in the West eventually maybe talking about more distribution capability toward maybe the Seattle area at some point.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Dan, this will be a two part answer, because I'll take a piece and Steve will take a piece. On the April trend moving forward, the only thing I can tell you is you said it, not me, yes we are in the range of where we forecasted for the year.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Official, it's in Herkimer, New York. Frankfurt – Herkimer it's in that area, it's in that area, it's kind of a small town in Northern part of New York – but Northwestern New York. But the location was chosen because of its importance to helping us broaden our expansion capabilities as we add more stores into North. As you may know, and we talked about this a few calls back that we needed more capacity in the Northeast. The Hagerstown facilities and there are two of them are somewhat running at maximum. That facility will be fully functional at the end of 2018. So, don't expect us to – we'll start adding some stores in 2018 there, but 2018 into 2019 will be the final build outs as we move forward on for store base there.
Gregory A. Sandfort: We don't really break it out separately, and honestly Chuck, we don't do that for competitive reasons. So, as it grows to be a larger percentage, we'll talk more about that maybe later in the year first to next.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Okay. A couple of things that I would say to that, Peter, one is that we noticed in our own business about four years ago – four-and-a-half years ago, the amount of consumers that were coming to us through mobile devices, and we kept scratching our heads, on why is mobile so important. Well, as we talked about as a group and we went out with visiting stores, it's very simple. The landscape change, because that's the way our customer in the real community can communicate with us and that's how they really find product online. We see there's not a lot of broadband in a lot of these markets where we have stores. So, cell towers are easy and for them to use mobile was important, so we quickly started to mobilize everything that we do. The second thing we were learning is Buy Online Pickup in Store made a lot of sense to us as step one, versus that fulfillment, which we're already doing to Drop Ship and such through our Franklin facility and with a lot of vendor base that we have out there. But we said, our customers buy projects generally and they come in, they want to know that the product is there before they make the trip. Remember, they're traveling on average of 10 miles to 15 miles to get to our stores usually. So when we turned it on, we thought let's just watch and see and exactly what we thought was going to happen has happened and that was last fall, well I'm proud to say we've got to roll the entire chain in less than an eight-month period and it is driving our online business. It's also bringing customers in to four wall. And as I said in my comments, these customers are adding other things to the ticket. So, the ticket is starting to grow when it comes to Buy Online Pickup in Store. And then, eventually we'll start to look at how we fulfill directly to consumers, as Steve and the team build out the network with the distribution centers, and we can start shipping direct, and not having to trying to fulfill out of one center. Now, the other thing that's changing in retail is you have to be available to the customer 24/7. It doesn't matter what time you open and close the physical store. The store is opened 24/7, and we realized that about four years ago, maybe even longer, and we've been working, and that's why we did to the replatforming, and I'm very excited about now our capabilities. And Rob's team has really brought us in very, very quickly and up to speed, and we're moving much, much faster than those in our segment. And having the capabilities of Buy Online Pickup in Store, direct fulfillment from a distribution centers and Drop Ship, being able to have mobile POS in our stores, we're testing right now, rolling out to more stores. What we like about that is, it gives us the ability to ring a sale to correct inventory, to answer a phone call, to do whatever, with one device throughout the entire store, it can even be a line buster, if we get a line of people, that can go in and use that device to basically ring the customers up. So, that's a wonderful tool, and the stores that are using it today are loving it. And I think we just about got a tool to the point, we're going to take it role to chain. And then the last thing is, the comment that Steve made about stockyard. And that's really the special order concept. It's really a kiosk that sits back at the customer service desk. It's a large screen, it's there for the customer. And what we're finding, customers are going there to place special orders, maybe large quantities of product that we already carry but, don't have enough in the store or a unique product that they can't find, but they can go on the screen with the help from one of our team members and we don't lose the sale. I'll give you an example. If we run an ad on Wednesday and Wednesday it breaks and Thursday, we sell out of an item, in the past, we'd have to tell a customer, we can give you a rain check, we don't have to do that any longer. Now we can say, listen just go to the kiosk, we'll go ahead and lock it in and that'll be coming to you in the next truck or will drop shipment to your premises. So all of these things are working in conjunction, and as Steve said before, it's ONETractor. So we've realized that, we have been moving very quickly over the last several years. We've probably just been more public with it over maybe the last six months to eight months. But we are clearly moving ahead of those in our segment and excited about what we see in front of us.
Gregory A. Sandfort: All right. Let me first comment about – and let me not comment about the PetSmart Chewy scenario. All I can tell you there is that we keep our eyes and ears open to what's going on both online and in bricks-and-mortar. We think we have a powerful combination with Petsense and Tractor right now, and there is a lot of growth for us in Petsense to take that business digital and explode it. And in the local markets, where I can push from store delivery, it's going to be a huge advantage for us as we go forward. So, as far as the private transaction there, that's probably the only way that it could have happened, to be honest, because as a public company, I don't think that many people could have absorbed the hit in earnings. Moving on from that to the choppiness, and why do I feel, we've got a more normal looking setup for second quarter and maybe beyond, and yes, there's some challenges. Simeon, when you see the business respond as we had hoped in the early part of April that we didn't see happen in the first quarter, it gives us great confidence. We've been in this business, all of us, Steve's been here 19 years, I've been here 10 years, Kurt's been here 15-plus years, and the rest of the team, we're not rookies to this, we've seen this before. I can remember a year, when the weather didn't break until Memorial Day weekend, and we blew the numbers away for the entire year. It was just, we were off to the races and never looked back. So, I think we're a little less concerned now that we've seen the business open up, and it's more in line with what we had expected. But as I said before, this is not a linear path. We could see some coolness, some softness, but we really feel good about what we're seeing right now, and our inventory levels have really come down quickly because of the amount of sales that we generated in the first two-and-a-half weeks.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Let me comment on, what needs to get better, Michael, okay. First of all, it's top-line sales, it's the categories that we didn't see response from in March this year that we saw in March last year, and we're seeing that. We also believe that the acceleration of our business in the digital space is feeding and fueling some of the things happening in the four wall store. We are talking with our consumer 24/7, they are interacting with us 24/7. As we learn, we reapply, Neighbor's Club has been a tremendous benefit from the standpoint of understanding this consumer better and being able to talk to them directly. And we're just getting really to start using some of that information. And then, I will tell you, we said it earlier, BOPIS has really been a wonderful addition to the business. What I like about is, it gives us both sides, it gives us the online component, it gives us the four wall component, and all we see for that is just continued acceleration. So there's a number of things, even within some product categories that Steve didn't mention, but he could, the things that we're starting to see work far better in some categories that maybe were a little more difficult the past two years, they're starting to open up again. And the energy markets down in Texas seemed to have settled down now and we're starting to see the movement back in those markets in sales. So, there is a lot of positive things that we see going forward, and that's why I would guess to say at this point, it's best to looking us at the halves not the quarters.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Sure, Michael. I'll take that one. Yeah, there is a couple of unique factors in the new store productivity calculation I understand that, so I'll give you a little bit of data points on there. So the unique items are the week shift and the impact it has on this year, so the week shift into a higher spring sales week also long without Petsense impact the new store productivity when you're looking at it from the external data that you have. Internally, as we adjust it for those two items, the first quarter new store productivity was slightly below the prior quarter, but nothing significant in that decline and I'll just tell you that the new store performance continues to be in line with our pro forma calculations and those new stores continue to contribute at an elevated comp consistent as what we've seen in the prior year.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Couple of things, Steve, I'm going to talk about is GURA, and its greet, uncover, recommend and ask. Our scores are climbing in that category. I would take that if John Ordus was speaking he would tell you that there is still more work to be done, but we are seeing a comparison year-over-year in a very positive direction. The second thing I would tell you is that we're protecting payroll in our stores. We all believe, as a management team that you can't call out great service when you have no one in the store to wait on the customer and take care of their needs. And so, we are going to take the route of making sure the payroll is protected, and making sure our stores can service our customers and that could be painful at times, but we know that, that is the longer-term goal, is to keep that customer service level at an all time high. And our S&G scores, which is the company we used to measure that are very accurate today and are telling us that that is paying off. So we believe it'll payoff in sales, particularly as we get into the peak season here in second quarter. And you know what, we'll be able to update you more in July when we get through the second quarter.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yes, Scott. Good question. I can't speak too specific to – specifically to those particular months. We would just say again that, we saw the March potential dissipate with the cold weather. And then I would just tell you, we've seen strong response from the consumer as the weather has turned more typical in April. At this point, that's the best I can give you. Too early in the quarter to try to give more specifics.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, keep in mind that Easter, we're closed on that day. So, we lose a day of sales, but certainly last year, we had the benefit of the Friday and Saturday before the Easter and we had that in April, so you do get those two days in April. And we have a strong add at that time that coincides as well. So, there is a planned expected strong sales performance in that particular time around Easter.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Okay. This is Greg, I'll give a comment. I think, Steve and Kurt also say. First of all, there were tailwinds. No question, there were few tailwinds helping us. Inflation is a good thing. A few categories that had some tailwinds behind it saves and a few other things of that nature, which goes slowly kind of work their way off, okay, out of the comparable sales numbers. I don't believe – because we track this very closely with competitive intrusion, and we don't believe that it is anything that we had done to not refresh the business or bring newness to the business. I do believe, however, that the entire four wall retail businesses around the country and many segments have seen some decline. And maybe, we were part of some of that, but because I think the consumer has fallen in love with digital, which our consumer has as well. So, we have seen some shifting, as Steve mentioned earlier, we could see as much as 2% of our business this year bring down on the digital side. So there's been some shifting moving between four wall and digital, but in general I would tell you that some of those tailwinds became headwinds. And we didn't anticipate honestly the difficult business in the Texas, Oklahoma, and I'll call it the coldest regions as it's often due to the pullback in the oil markets, that was very, very difficult to overcome. Okay. That's been it (54:24)
Gregory A. Sandfort: Ben, I think what we talked about is that we were going to look at labor management and payroll management as kind of a combined or task management as a combined system, and we talked about starting it – hoping to start it in the fall of this year and running it into 2018 as a completion. So, we're still on task to do that, we have not chosen the final testing yet, but we plan to do that by midyear.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Okay, Chris. I'll address the first question there. Yeah, Easter is a headwind in that 2% to 3%. For the quarter, that is about a 60 basis point headwind on Q2, and the lost comp sales day for the year is about a 20 basis point impact for the year.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Sure. Yeah. Directionally, what we're seeing is that as we've said, the less mature stores have a faster high comp sales growth than the mature stores. And then – so there is somewhat of a gap between the 5 years or less stores in the mature ones. And consistent, at least looking at Q1, the mature stores were less than the less mature stores, but they behaved similar geographically. So when it comes to mature stores in the West to mature stores in the South, they outperformed the mature stores in the North. So there's somewhat of a gap between those, but they behaved very similar. And for the quarter, the mature stores had the same typical headwinds as the less mature store due to weather.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Sure. For first quarter, the product rate being the clearance, markdown as well as any promos along with freight were the most impactful factors to margin. And then I would say, after that the headwind that we saw and knew we were cycling, but the next most impactful would've been cycling the benefit we got from the discounts for inventory related to new distribution center. The other headwinds that we described were of lesser impact. Specific to go forward, Q1 did have some unique items in there. So I'd first say that, the things that were unique to the first quarter such as cycling the vendor funding related to the inventory in the DC, the clearance on the winter seasonal goods and even to some extent the additional promotions that Steve talked to were unique to first quarter. However, we do see some greater headwinds than originally expected in freight. We had said that we saw – or expected freight to be about a 10 basis point headwind in 2017. Based on what we're seeing today, that's more closer to a 20 basis point headwind and then we do have a few other areas that mix particular that if we continue to grow strong in the C.U.E. items, mix will likely be a bit of a headwind for Q2 and potential for us go forward.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yeah. And I would just say, again, we're not updating guidance, but I will say as I look to Q2 that it'll be more challenges, more headwind to try to achieving that range for Q2 than our original expectations.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yeah. Brian, let me answer it this way. C.U.E. business is – the things that you'll find in our store at any given time of the year that makes sense for the customer that they buy in high volume and high quantity, hydraulic fluid, wood pellets, certain products in feed and food, so on and so forth. C.U.E. units continue to increase. So we feel good about our unit increase overall in the C.U.E. categories which tells us we're still taking share. However, deflation continues to play a major role in some of those C.U.E. categories. So, I've said this before, a bag of bird seed that was at one time we considered as a C.U.E. item in the first quarter that was selling for $19 to $22, is now selling for $16, let's say it as an example, due to deflation. Those are tough comparisons to offset. I've got to see another 30%-some-odd increase in units just to be able to offset last year's comparable volume. So there is where some of that quirkiness comes into play. But, we're very, very comfortable with C.U.E., we track it very closely. Steve and the team have a pulse on it, literally daily and we continue to see share – take share.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Sure. Scot, I'll first start with – this quarter had some unique items. Steve mentioned the earlier spring seasonal buys. And so, with our effort in January, February, addressing what looked to be potentially be an early start to spring, we pulled some receipts forward. So in regards to the balance sheet on the AP and the inventory side, it's somewhat unique to the quarter in that, the growth in the inventory is fresh spring-related items. We pulled it forward that played into the timing of our payments, and so you see that on the balance sheet. To a lesser extent, one other thing that we faced in Q1, this one, we face whenever we have a 53rd week shift, the end of the quarter ended a week later, that does impact the timing of a key payables point to our merchant and rent vendors, and so you see a little bit of that drag compared to the prior quarter as well. In regards to debt, I would just say that we look at Q1 and Q3 as those peak particular times, and you're seeing with the uniqueness a heightened level of debt, we expect in Q2 for that to go back to normal levels. We've said we're targeting and comfortable with the 2 times debt leverage ratio and other than a few particular peak times, we see ourselves at about $400 million in debt – $450 million in debt at the end of the year.
Gregory A. Sandfort: And we don't expect at this point that to change any of our plan or cadence on capital allocation or dividend or share repurchase.
Gregory A. Sandfort: What I would say in regards to big ticket is, what we saw was the biggest headwind on the big ticket sales was the spring seasonal product. And so, I would say that big ticket demand was flat to potentially slightly positive, if you ex out the headwind that we're up against last year in the March spring seasonal. So big-ticket clearly became a stronger component of the average ticket in the month of March, as we cycled the strong spring seasonal and did not achieve those spring seasonal sales in Q1.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Okay. Thank you everyone for your continued support and interest in Tractor Supply. We look forward to speaking with you again in July regarding our second quarter results.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah. No, I will just say I agree, because Steve hit that important point, Seth in that, it's the input costs that are a key part to that. So, our deflation calculation is not quoting situations where there maybe retail declines without a cost change.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah. Simeon, Kurt. A couple things on that. So we continue to evaluate our long-term targets, and as just a reminder, our long-term targets that we've set is high single-digit total sales growth, which include some solid comp store sales in that picture. To Greg's point, one quarter of tough weather conditions or a couple of quarters there are not going to change our long-term targets. We still see the strength in the business, and our sales growth driving initiative ability to drive the high single-digit sales growth. One reminder is, when it comes to Q2, I think as was mentioned, in Q2, we do have one less comp sales day, that we know is part of the headwind that we're facing as part of Q2.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, Michael. First as we said, given the seasonality of the business and the weather conditions in first quarter, we're not updating guidance at this time. Reminding that first quarter is the lowest volume sales and earnings quarter for that, that's the primary reason, it's about 15% of sales and earnings for the year. So at this point with being so early in the year and we recognize those factors that you brought up, at this point, it's just too early to give any guidance on the year.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah, Stephen, Kurt, I'll address the second part of it. And it might be helpful as a data point to refer back to our pull forward discussion from last year. At the end our Q1, we estimated that number at about $18 million. And then, as we reported Q2 and saw the results in April more information settled we estimated at about $25 million. To have it more of a comparable number for this year, with the week shift in moving that week into Q1, but April shifting to Q2, our estimate is for this quarter, it was about a $15 million deferral into the second quarter. How that plays out in the second quarter, weather as well as Easter timing plays into it, so some of that there in the first part of April, but the rest of it really can play into just as the weather hits in various spots, particularly in the Midwest and Northeast. So I wouldn't say it's something that was immediate all in the first few weeks of April, it really plays more into the weather conditions in areas such as the North.
Kurt D. Barton: Yeah. I would say that we are seeing a little bit more of deflation than our original expectations. And we still believe that we're seeing signs that it would moderate in the back half of the year. So, as we saw 50 basis points in Q1, I would say our expectation on deflation is more like a 20 basis points to 30 basis point impact for the year, with that being closer to the high end of that range in Q2 and moderating in the back half.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, Alan I'll take those. First in regards to the e-commerce and the gross margin, we called out the growth in e-commerce and its impact on freight. So, with our e-commerce business growing, it does have a higher freight rate and we've always had some level of burden, but e-commerce as small as it is, it's not had much of an impact, we are excited about the growth we have in the e-commerce business and we have seen a few basis points increase in the burden on the freight line within gross margin. So, we called it out. I believe that we'll see that continue in the future quarters. And as our e-commerce business grows, it could have a 1 basis points or 2 basis points impact throughout the year on the gross margin rate. And then – yeah, go ahead.
Kurt D. Barton: Sure, sure. In regards to the oil patch, I'd first say that the Texas region like much of the South had less of an impact on weather. So, we did not see as much volatility in sales in the Texas area, but specific to the oil patch, as Greg mentioned, we see it moderating and in the quarter we had a close to 30 basis point headwind against the – 30 basis points headwind on the comps due to the oil patch stores.
