Anthony F. Crudele: Yeah, Michael. This is Tony. The information that we're providing, we generally tend not to give too specific geographic information. But we have been getting a lot of questions, obviously, on Texas and the economy down in Texas. What we've noticed is that it's been a slow decline over the past few quarters. We can't necessarily project whether that will continue. We're just basically giving you some data point for the quarter itself. As we look forward in the modeling, as you can estimate, we're somewhere in about the 400 basis points to 450 basis points difference or delta between the oil patch stores and the base of core stores themselves and with the control groups that we compare to. And generally, that's what we are modeling for 2016. When it comes to any other type of dependency relative to commodity, we really don't have any significant categories that we would be related to. And again, as in the past, for us, it's generally driven by unemployment in any particular economy. So if a plant goes out of business in a particular market, that would affect the store, but I don't think there's any specific dependency on a commodity itself.
Anthony F. Crudele: Chris, this is Tony. It does get a little complicated, and I know that Christine cannot wait to handle these calls on the extra week. But I want to say the answer is yes to both of your questions. We will have the same comparable days when we report 2016 comparing to 2015, the same weeks and the same days. In this case, there is obviously one extra day in 2016 where we were closed last year at this time. So, it will be included in our comp sales increase as well. So I want to say that the answer is yes to both of your questions.
Anthony F. Crudele: Potentially. But I want to say that the one day is in the last part of the year, and it's not a particularly strong day. It's in the last week of that year and may not be a strong day. But generally, you can look at it in that respect relative to the fourth quarter.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yeah. What we were trying to outline, because we didn't want to be misleading and be a little bit more transparent, obviously the chain – because of the cold weather up north, the overall chain comp was fairly low. So we felt that if we compared it to the Southern stores, it'd be a more fair comparison. So that's all we're trying to highlight there. We felt that the South did relatively well. It was a positive comp. And we thought a very reasonable comp relative to the performance of the company. Generally, when we talk South, we're talking pretty much Florida through Georgia, all the way to Louisiana. So we think that it's a reasonable comparison. We've also done some additional detail analysis where we try to identify what we believe are good control stores. And we came up generally with the same delta between the oil patch stores and the chain. So generally, the general direction again is there is a delta between the oil patch stores. But Texas as a whole, I think some of the key messaging around it is that non-oil patch Texas stores perform well. And they're right up there, actually slightly above chain average, as well as the transactions are positives across the board as well. So even in some of the oil patch stores, we're driving transactions. And that's what brings us to our assessment that it really relates more to the oil-related merchandise, which tends to be higher ticket. And that we're still getting the transactions and the footsteps coming through the stores. So we feel pretty good about Texas and the way it's performing, giving what we hear relative to some of the other companies that are struggling in the oil patch areas.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yeah. Peter, relative to the D&A, we're looking a little bit higher than sort of the 10% to 12% range. So there will probably be a little bit of deleverage related to the depreciation. And again, that's going to be driven by the new DC coming on. So it's not overly significant, but it probably will run higher than the sales increase and thus the deleveraging.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yeah, it's interesting. We try, based on the data that we have, to see if there's any significant changes in the consumer. During the fourth quarter, obviously, the winter product didn't sell. But at the same time, we saw some strong sales in big ticket, and we alluded to trailers and some outdoor recreation equipment. In particular, we had some UTVs and even some riding lawn mowers that were selling in the fourth quarter. So, our assessment is that the consumer is still cautious. We know that they are either paying off credit cards or putting more dollars towards savings. But at the same time, they are willing to step forward to make some of the large ticket purchases. As we enter in, obviously, reading on the economy and on the consumer, it appears as if consumer confidence is starting to wane a little bit so we understand that they're going to be more cautious. But I think our perspective really is that they have basic needs and they continue to fulfill those needs and that we feel that we're properly positioned as that supplier of everyday basic needs for the rural lifestyle.
Anthony F. Crudele: I think there may be a few of those considerations as well. But obviously, we were disappointed in the sales in the fourth quarter because of the weather. And we're hoping that some of the normalization you'll see at the fourth quarter bounces back next year. We've added that component to our full-year forecast as well. So, I think that's one of the main drivers as well as the initiatives that Steve's been talking about as well. We do have the extra week, so you obviously you need extra comp days. So those are the considerations, and those would be the reasons why the comp tends to be just a little bit higher than what we normally have forecasted.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yeah. I would characterize it as last year, when we came into the year, the consumer confidence index was much higher. Oil prices were starting to come down. It appears as if the consumer – that it potentially would be a stronger year, and that is something that's in the back of our minds when we start to put our 2016 forecast and model together. As we came into this year, we still think that there are some positives. But at the same time, we do believe that the consumer could become more cautious during the year, and therefore that plays or enters into our equation as we do our forecasting modeling as well. So we could tend to be a little bit more conservative relative to how we started last year.
Anthony F. Crudele: Correct. And as we talked earlier, the additional week, the additional comp day, the softness in last year's fourth quarter, it is the reason why the comp forecast is consistent with last year's forecast.
Anthony F. Crudele: In this case – again, we don't give the specific guidance, but all four quarters are in a reasonable range within the range.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yeah. Probably a good question. And we take a look at some of the detail. There's several components. And a lot of them are, I want to say, relatively small. We try to hit the highlights as we do detail analysis and work through some of the other impacts throughout the quarter. There's some variances. So when we look at next year, it's really hard to match it up. But they are – a lot of other impacts that are in the quarter. It could be as basic relative to new store discounts that flow through. We go back and we've been working with our vendors overseas, looking at discounts and getting adjustments for foreign currency. So it's a lot of these minor issues that impact margin that will make it a little bit more difficult comparison as we go into Q4.
Anthony F. Crudele: There hasn't really been a significant change. Obviously as we worked our way through Q4 with the softer sales and the higher inventory levels, there's going to be an impact there. But our general philosophy is to continue to drive improved turns, although again it will be a challenge this year as far as improving turns as we work through some of the inventory coming out of the winter season. So there's been no change there. Where we've been focused over the last couple years is to continue purchasing under the share repurchase program. And that's really been the major driver as far as use of cash.
Anthony F. Crudele: Well, yeah. When we look at the basket and look at the transactions, it's very clear that we're still getting the footsteps. And so again our customer is coming in for their everyday needs. And the driver relative to some of the cold winter product really is related to the ticket. And the drivers that we talked about, some of the big ticket was 70 basis points on the average ticket. So we're still driving in the footsteps. And obviously we're very pleased with the positive transaction count increase. Obviously the basket might not be as big as they come into the store, because of the decline in some of the winter seasonal goods. But again it's really the strong transaction count that is driving the business.
Anthony F. Crudele: Clearly, the biggest variable is the impact on feed, and that's what's moderated. Obviously, oil prices have come down. So oil-related products, there's some deflation in that category. But it tends not to be as impactful as what we had experienced with feed. So we anticipate that it'll be flattening out over the course of the year. Obviously, that's going to be dependent on where oil goes. And obviously, each conference call, we'll update you as to what we expect out of deflation or inflation.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes, Seth. When we look at the overall productivity of the new stores, in aggregate, our new stores are hitting our pro forma. So we feel very good about that. There are some pockets in particular in one of our new markets that we went into over the last year-and-a-half, Utah has come out slower than we had anticipated. So that's pulled the numbers down a little bit. And so, sometimes in some markets, it's going to take a while to build and strengthen our positioning in particular markets. But the one thing that we really like is how the stores have comped particularly in the West as well. So in some cases, the stores may come out a little bit lighter in sales than we had anticipated, but overall, they're coming out consistent with our pro forma, and they are ramping at a nice clip. So as we look overall at productivity, what's important to us is as we approve the stores that they live up to the pro forma that we've designed for each store. And generally, over the years, we open up stores somewhere between $2.8 million and $3.2 million. Each year's groups of stores is going to vary, but we'll generally be in that range. So I would expect as our chain continues to grow substantially that the productivity will sort of stay in this range or at times flatten out a bit. But relative to 2015, there's nothing in that mix of stores that caused any sort of differentiation to how the stores have performed in the past.
Anthony F. Crudele: No. What we experienced was nice comps. And like I had said, if the stores come out a little bit less than what had been pro forma-ed, we generally see a nice comp ramp. So again, as long as the stores are consistent with the pro forma that we have out there, we believe that we'll get a nice return. The IR will be nice and firm and continue to grow the ROIC.
Steve K. Barbarick: Hey, Michael. This is Steve Barbarick. Every year, we talk about some of our margin drivers that being – you heard Greg talking about what we're going to do in exclusive brands, and it's still an opportunity for us to index higher there. The tools that we have today, whether it be price optimization or clearance price optimization, continue to work in our favor and act as a tailwind as we work forward. Strategic sourcing, we continue to see that as an opportunity. There has been some currency changes. While it's not a big part of our business and it's not material, we have gone back to our suppliers and challenged them and received some price decreases there as well. And finally, just overall better management and using science behind what we're doing, I think, is really benefiting us. So those are, I guess you could say, the buckets of opportunity we're looking at, and we manage this on a daily basis.
Steve K. Barbarick: Well, what we did – and Q4 was interesting. We took some strategic markdowns on some clearance activity that we had, knowing that we had Christmas right here in front of us as well. Because a lot of the seasonal products, such as men's shirts, ladies' shirts, while we're not in the fashion business and we're not hung out with a lot of inventory there, we also saw it as an opportunity to fiscally be responsible, take some key markdowns in the quarter and make sure that we pushed out as much of that product as we could. What we did carry forward mainly is in our insulated, as Tony said, and heating business. So we will use the dollars that we've got strategically. But you heard Tony talk about the look forward and what the margin forecasts are, and that's as best as we can give you at this point.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah, sure, Peter. First of all, I mean, understand that we don't have a silver bullet philosophy at Tractor. You've heard us say that before. We have a lot of tests and a lot of activities going out there. So while Greg referenced the pet business and the reset that we're doing there, there's a variety of other things we're doing inside the store. Relative to pet itself, we do see an opportunity. Typically, once or twice a year, we'll go through and do a fairly comprehensive assortment review on that business. We do see an opportunity for some expansion and some super premium brands that we have today, as well as expanding our exclusive brand of 4health, both in dry and in wet. So as an organization, we're constantly refining, and we believe in continuous improvement, and this is just one example of it.
Steve K. Barbarick: Jessica, we're still very early into this at this point. Because we never had 100% attribution before, now we're getting that with these customers that are part of the club. So now, we're going to know how often they shop and what their purchasing patterns look like. So at this point, it's difficult to say. We can bounce it against our existing database. But again, we're still very, very early into the game at this point.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. I mean, again, we've got a number of exclusive brands and a product development team that's constantly working to refine what we're doing there. We recently, in Q4, had a tool event in Q4, and we did really well with some of our tool brands in the event itself. We rolled out TotalCare, which is a premium bird feed line that's a sub-brand under Royal Wing. What you're going to find later in the year is or do more line of livestock feed, and equine feed is going to be relaunched and we're very excited about that. And finally, another thing that we did just recently is our Retriever product which is also in the pet food line. We're trying to treat a lot of our brands to be more of a national brand. And so we did some bonus bags and we tried some different things with the line of Retriever, and we found that we saw a nice increase in sales of that product, and some of which we took from our grocery brands which really benefited us. So there's a lot of activity going on right now. And as Tony mentioned, for us to achieve our margin goals for 2016, we're going to have to really put the pedal down here.
Steve K. Barbarick: Well, the only thing I probably would share is, in addition to the expansion of some existing brands like Blue Buffalo and Taste of the Wild, we're going to be launching Natural Balance this year, which is a new brand that we haven't had. We're excited about the launch. We know that there's some pretty good market share out there today, and that product will be rolling in in the next couple of weeks. And we also look, like I said earlier, about our 4health line which continues to perform very, very well. And I would tell you we believe it's bringing in even new customers that never shopped our stores before because it's got a good penetration nationally at this point. So a lot of work being done. We continue to dense pack the footage that we're using inside the store, and we're getting better dollars and profit per square foot as a result.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yeah. I'll take that. This is Steve. You've heard Greg say earlier that the colder weather in January did benefit us. Tony said the same. But I just remind everyone that we had a relatively cold February last year as well. And as Tony said, Q1 also includes spring business. And March is a very important month for us. We typically like to be judged on the half and not on the quarter as a result of the way our fiscal quarters work. So that's what I would say to this point. It's still very early in the game here on this one.
Steve K. Barbarick: Hey, Adam. It's going to depend upon if we get the spring weather in March. Tony always talked about we need to see something. That'll help, no question, for Q1. But you've got to believe that fourth quarter – it'd be unusual if we had another fourth quarter quite like this. So...
Steve K. Barbarick: Well, this is Steve. One of the values of having the loyalty program and a pilot is to test exactly that. Right now, we're getting our first seasonal rewards out to the customers that have adopted or signed into the program, and we're going to see what response rates we get. The other thing strategically that we talked a lot about internally is the importance of personalization, and Greg's talked a lot about the digital side of our business and what we're doing on the Web. Getting these e-mail addresses and being able to talk to consumers the way they want to be talked to on their purchase history, we are finding that we've got a lot better open rates on the e-mails that we're sending out. And we believe by continuing to talk to them in a way they want to be talked to, we should see better traffic in our stores and increase in sales. So again, part of the pilot and what we're trying to learn right now before we roll it out to more stores is to quantify what that's going to look like.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Hey, Chris. This is Greg. Just to kind of clarify, too. These Texas stores have been in place for a number of years in these oil patch regions. So as that business accelerated due to the drilling and all the things that were occurring there, we kind of rode the wave up. We're now riding kind of on the backside of that bell curve down. And these are still very viable, very profitable stores. But they're not comping at the same level they may have been as they got to the peak of this oil surge, as we'll call it. So don't be confused. We're still very happy with Texas, very happy with the stores in the oil patch. They're just at a different level today than they were the last couple of years because of the activity down there.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Hey, Seth. This is Greg. I think the key difference here is that having a DC that is within a 250- to 400-mile range of our stores, as you look up and down the coast and as we go up and through the Montana/Utah areas, is the benefit here is we can run product to those stores on a more timely basis. And if there's something that happens within their sales trends that needs to be addressed more readily than once a week, like trucks moving from Waco or from Waverly, that's a big advantage. The distance between our store and our DC now is much closer. We can push goods to those stores much faster. And we'll learn from the replenishment cycles here, how many days we can take off of that. But being closer has its advantages, particularly if there's a weather event or something that we have to react to when business tends to trend faster than what maybe we've seen from a steady state before. So that's the advantage. I can't tell you how much sales it will or won't bring. That's a hard thing to judge at this point. We've only got 50-some odd stores running today. We'll have 120 stores by midyear, so we'll know more really toward the midyear.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Josh, this is Greg. I would say that this was the most – I've been with the company now going into my ninth year. I have not seen a winter develop quite like this where we had a very, very warm November and relatively warm December. So two months back to back, where temperatures were somewhat similar coast to coast, that's quite unusual. And El Niño effect was clearly there. We expected we would see some cooling down in December more than we did see at the end of the year. But I haven't had two years that I could tell you have been the same since I've been here with the company. And it's our job – and we talk about this a lot in the management group here and with the team, a lot about we have to address the business as if weather is a factor, but it can't be something that gets in the way of us doing business. Our customers buy close to need. The reason they weren't buying some of the cold weather product in November-December is they had no need for it. They now have a need for it because it's cooled down. We did a great job managing the inventories, kept things close. So really, I can't tell you there's any kind of pattern. Yes, we've had some warmer winters in the past but nothing quite like this one.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, we generally don't disclose the specifics. Obviously, we have the seasonal categories. That runs about 20% to 23% overall for the full year. But that obviously includes the spring which includes a lot of the lawn and garden, riding lawn mowers, et cetera. But as sort of a bellwether, you can look at the seasonal piece. There's some pieces in there that probably are year-round seasonal type businesses. That can be replaced by other categories that aren't necessarily included, some of the clothing categories that are broken out. So you're somewhere of a range in that level, but we don't disclose the specifics.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Jaime, hi. This is Greg. As we said, we're going through our typical three- to four-year study right now. And I think once we're through that, we'll have better answers. Right now, with the West DC in place, particularly sitting there in Arizona, we can service a number of stores on the Western seaboard. But let us get through this analysis. We'll have probably more to talk about about midyear. And we'll probably bring that topic up again at that time.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Eric, this is Greg. I would tell you that we are very delighted. As we have started to build up the content piece of the business and getting more information about product, that that is kind of helping us push through into the social space, as well as driving some commerce. So I said it's less than 1%. It's growing rapidly. We had to get the new platform up. Rob Mills' team did a wonderful job working with Letitia, who is our VP of that area, really getting this platform up and running. We've still got some tooling to do to it. What we're seeing is customers are going to the Web to research. Then from the Web, they're starting to look at the option of buying it online, picking it up at the store or having it shipped to the store. Right now, we can give them the option of ship to store. We can't give them pick up at store. And there's a difference. One is shipping it to the store from a DC or from a third party. The other is it's actually being held there at the store for the customer when they bought online. So we are seeing that. And then this whole special order component that's coming online later this year. I'm very excited about. It's one of the areas that our stores struggle with daily, trying to leaf through books and catalogs and that. They'll take all of that out of the way. And they'll be able to go to the screen there at the service center that's in the middle of the store and pull information up, address the customer. The customer can transact there. And we'll be able to even give them an ETA of when it's going to be there and so on. No one in our space is doing anything quite like this, and it's pretty exciting. But how big will it be over time? Hard to say.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Joe, it's Greg. A couple of things we've noticed. They have no issue, no problem at all, buying large ticket, big ticket items because we have a delivery process that we can get the product to them, basically drop-shipping it or taking it LTL, whether it's a safe or riding lawn mower, what have you. They don't have that advantage necessarily when they buy that at the store. That's typically bring your own truck, bring your trailer, or we can arrange for a delivery from the store to your property. So that kind of surprised, I think, all of us. We still have a high component of footwear and apparel that's coming through. But they're buying across the store, ironically. And I think the more that we put product content out there and we're able to draw that in and expand the envelope with the endless aisles and some categories of things with tractor parts or some of that hard-to-find type of items that the only tractor will probably have versus some other store, that's where the real opportunity is going to be. It's a true area for destination for us as we can evolve this. And I think it's quite exciting. We're not doing things like feed and food necessarily in a big way. We are selling some pet food, but this is really the kind of things that only Tractor Supply sells or that the customer is saying, boy, it's easier for me just to buy it online and have it delivered to my property.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, today, we have a special order business that is, I would say, not substantial, but significant. But it's done in a very cumbersome way. We put the burden on the store to really do the research, to make the phone calls. And there's some things we can work with them on to get store support center to aid that process. But it's clunky. The new process will be very fast, very easy for both the team member and the customer at the store, and it can transact at the store, and it's going to give us real-time data. We lock in the order. Here's the price it's being sold at. Here's the ETA of delivery into your home or to our store for pickup. We think it's going to be used primarily, again, for the kinds of things that you can't find in the store or the kinds of quantities of things that you're buying that you need quite a few of. If someone comes in for rake teeth on a particular piece of equipment, and we have maybe 20 in the store but they want 100, that's something you can go ahead and just place as a special order and get it to them. Or if it's a – we carry five SKUs of the category and we now have the ability through the longer tail to have all 50 SKUs. The customer has the choice to be able to buy deeper into that category or from that vendor. So I'm excited about it. I can't tell you how large that can be over time, but I do think that our guys in IT have done a wonderful job working with the stores to understand the need, to understand how this needs to work, take the work out of it for both them and the customer, make it easy. And I think it's going to be something we'll be talking about at greater length as we get toward the end of the year.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Thank you, operator. As we look ahead to 2016, we are excited about our opportunity for growth. We will continue to invest in infrastructure, system improvements and the omnichannel to move our business forward as we target mid-teens earning growth. Thank you for your support of Tractor Supply, and we all look forward to speaking to you again in April regarding our first quarter of 2016 performance.
