Gregory A. Sandfort: Peter we haven’t seen anything out west that would indicate that they are really reacting. Their prices have kind of stayed where they are and we are entering the market. People seem to like where we are and where we would join the business.Peter S. Benedict – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay great, last one for Tony. Just the decline in fuel cost or gas prices that we’ve seen here in recent months, should we think of that as being a potential positive on the freight front going forward? Help us understand how it works through the P&L over the next few quarters. Thank you.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I’ll answer that. This is Greg. Our e-commerce business is very robust right now. It’s still very small and we have some more investment spending in the early part of 2015 to really get the platform where we’d like it. And then we believe it will really start to accelerate. So it is running well ahead of the comps that the overall company is running, but it’s still at a very small contribution rate, but we like what we see, all the enhancements we’ve given. That pieces of business so far are working and we just have a few more things to dial-in. And then I think by the early part of next year, we’re going to start to see this thing really start to ramp. 
Gregory A. Sandfort: All right, Michael, I’m going to let Steve to address this but I would tell you that it would not change the way that we run the mix of the business because we are a needs-based company. There are certain things our customers need, but I think Steve wanted to give some highlights on that.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yeah, the mixing center concept is really an attempt on our part to replenish the stores in a more rapid response methodology. Just I would call it on high bulk, high velocity low value product and it also take some steps out of us moving the product to distance from the manufacturer all the way to the DC and back to the stores. Mixing center system between all of that and deals with full palletized high velocity, high bulk products that we can push the stores daily every other day once a week – it really depends upon the need but to help cut down on stem miles at the same time though be able to pull inventory back out of the store from the standpoint that we were putting week to 10 days with the supply in the background of these types of products because we only have once or twice a week delivery. The mixing centers will help us push that inventory to those stores as they’re selling it. So we think it will speed our term, we think overall will bring our inventory levels down over time and again keep us in better stock position. So we got two facilities that we will have operational in 2015. We’re moving out of the back to the vehicle DC with the one facility and we’ll be switching off another facility that will be a free stand post to that distribution network. And we’re excited about the idea of it and we believe that it will serve us well but we tested the process and wake over the last year it worked, now we’re going into two free stand units and see how that operates, if that works all will be thank, we’ll take it out to more.John R. Lawrence – Stephens Inc.: Great, congrats. Good luck in the fall.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yes. This is Greg. The only evidence I can give you is our performance. It is totally inconsistent with what has been stated out there and I think it’s overplayed, that form income has a direct correlation to our business. We can’t see it. We’ve been watching it for years, it has a slight if any impact. So I think our third quarter performance kind of stands out as a factor that would say that it is not anything that is co-related to our business.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yes, absolutely. First of all, we’re always looking to do different resets and adjusting and modifying our product assortments based on customer demand and trend. But when you look at the left hand side I will use just I will give you just one example. We were looking at the performance of cargo management and we’ve got an emphatic system and we talk a lot about the systems that we use today and how the refining done. And it suggested that our profitability per square foot wasn’t real strong and so we looked across that what opportunities we might see and we see an opportunity for example winch set. So we reduced cargo management by four feet, added that four feet on to the winch program and we’ve seen the numbers just exceed our expectations in a pretty significant way. You could take that bit of learning right there and apply that across a lot of different areas and we have done that on the left hand side. In addition to that I would tell you we have done a better job refining our assortments both locally like we’ve talked a lot about in the past and then we taken the inventory and replayed it back to markets where we think that there is more investment, where there is more demand. So again credit to the team working collaboratively as an organization, we really pulled off some nice things and it should give us a tailwind for another quarter or so.Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: That’s very helpful. And then just a follow-up. It’s actually a balance sheet question, your payables inventory were actually up a bit this quarter. I’ve always thought, given the leverage you guys should have with your vendors given how big you are in the space, that’s something that could continue to rise overtime. I would think you’ll able to take our working capital out overtime. Tony or Greg, can you just kind of give us your perspective on that? Thank a lot.
Gregory A. Sandfort: We had talked about it just recently on another question. We tend to really try to wake and do it more on a quarter-by-quarter basis because the prices do tend to move. So I prefer to provide more specific guidance and so we give our full year guidance on the January conference call. But generally speaking, we believe that there will be some deflation next year. We expected to hopefully moderate from what we saw this year which was approximately 90 basis points to 100 basis points of impact. When do have deflation, it obviously hurts the top line, but at the same time it generally will benefit gross margin rate. So we can have a little pickup there. And again, it is our position as a management team that we are expected to manage deflation and inflation as we moved through – as we continue to manage the business in sales and margin.Chandni Luthra – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Perfect, thank you.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I would tell you Simeon that our customers are need based and we are a destination store. We knew that as the weather would improve and it always does it’s just a matter of timing. We have the tale of two stories here in the third quarter. We had a continuation of spring summer, which we were able to chase and the merchants did a wonderful job of pulling product into that and feed that trend. And at the same time, in the Northern part of the country, we start seeing really stronger action to the early selling and heating another fall type product as Tony has mentioned. So when we start seeing those two kind of collide, there is no reason to step up the promotional base. And as a matter of fact, we only run 15, 16 rotations a year. We like that strategy. We don’t want to call up in a strategy longer-term of thing. It’s got to be a coupon to buy something attractive. I got to wait for the next ad and so on and so forth. And that’s what a lot of the people we compete would do. And that’s just not our business models. So no I don’t think we would have driven any more business really to any great extent by laying on more promotion.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I think that’s fair, but I would also tell you that if we were starting to see foot traffic slow that would be a different story, but we continue to see good solid foot traffic and that’s an indicator for us that, we still got customers coming through the front doors and as long as that stay solid we’re going to stick with our plans.
Gregory A. Sandfort: When we set the guidance it is sort of difficult. The one area where we have the three different sales – comp sales and the earnings. On a full year basis, the comp guidance is a little bit wide. We just felt that we didn’t want to try to narrow it specifically, but we assume that you all will sort of work up of what you think the reasonable comp is given the context around the directions that we’ve given you for the fourth quarter and sort of come up with reason a reasonable comp. We did state that we believe that het comp will be at the higher end of the range. And so that in our mind sort of put you somewhere between 3.3 and 3.8 for the full year. So somewhere in that area and then obviously whatever the math works out to get into that range. So we don’t think that it’s relatively conservative and I don’t believe if you do the math, you come out to 3 for the quarter.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Well, you’re correct on the location selection. It was done purposely. The Franklin location sits equidistant between two Tractor stores that sit in rural environments, maybe a little bit more on the edge of suburbia and the unit that sits out in Fairview sits only a quarter of mile away in the rural environment from a current Tractor. So this is going to give us pretty good read of the type of customers that we will attract to this store format.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I only give you this Alan that we have a very robust pet business in general in the company and we believe that we can do more pet business. But we don’t want to distort the interior of the Tractor Supply format, because it’s many stores with inside a store. And that format works well. It continues to perform well. So our thought process was if we believe we’re owed more pet business, how would we go about maybe achieving that and how do we understand how to grow, still grow the pet business inside of Tractor. Are there are pieces and parts that maybe we’re missing that we don’t understand. So that was the impetus of putting these two test concepts out there.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I’ll try to answer that. What I can tell you is this, that they continue to buy the way they’ve been buying for the last three to four years. They’re credit averse. They’re paying with cash and with debit about the same rate as they have been. They continue to repair and not replace, although, we did see a little bit of movement this year because of the elongated spring/summer season. And there is some big ticket transactions that I would say, were new units in outdoor power equipment. But though, they’re very consistent and that’s what we like about this customer base, they’re fairly predictable. And they have not shown us any indication that they want to take on any type of short-term debt to do something out of the ordinary. So, no, very consistent performance, very persistent behavior.
Gregory A. Sandfort: I’ll answer that question. At this point, we don’t anticipate that. Like I mentioned, we do like cold weather and while October temperatures are what they are, November and December are very important months for us.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Currently, our position is the 8% growth and we will take a look at growth on an annual basis and make determination as to what we believe is the most beneficial for the company and for the shareholder. So we’ll take a look that as we sort of cycle into the New Year and potentially we can address that as we move into the Analyst Day.Mark R. Miller – William Blair & Company LLC: Okay, thanks a lot.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yes, I had stated in the prepared remarks, some of the larger initiatives, and now we have a little bit more visibility on, have been pushed out during the course of the year. Specifically, the Southwest Distribution Center, we expected to have some capital expenditures this year and we do project to still have a few in the fourth quarter, and particular, some land purchase. We also expected to have additional lease space for our Northeast facility. We have identified some space very close to our current distribution center in Hagerstown and we expected some additional expense related to that, and some capital as well. So those projects got push back. And then, we usually maintain some CapEx dollars for the potential purchase of some of our lease stores in acquiring those properties, but we do not anticipate doing any this year in actuality. So that was a significant saving. So what I would reiterate and I think that is important, as we move forward into next year we have set a goal that we do not want to exceed CapEx of $250 million a year. So even with a portion of these projects being pushed into 2015 we will still maintain our CapEx at no higher than $250 million for 2015.Brian W. Nagel – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Thank you very much. Congrats again.
Gregory A. Sandfort: As I stated before Dan, hometown is a test of two stores. You hit on it that there is going to be some mix of products in those stores that we currently do not carry in Tractor. And we’ve got some learning here between these two locations. So I think that’s about as much as I’m willing to tell you at this point. We haven’t got the first store opened yet and that’s going to be in a couple weeks and there will be more to talk about some time in other part of next year I think.
Gregory A. Sandfort: And that is that this is not going to displace distribution centers, but what it actually does is it allows us to improve our ability to service stores and also to take some pressure off of the supply chain. We’ll have two operations opening in the South next spring. Average CapEx is about $8 million. We like to look at these as lease facilities first and build purchase facilities second. There in the way between 50,000 to 70,000 square feet. Think of it as an elongated age, a lot of doors on both sides where product comes in one side is quickly moved and sorted and pushed across in the trucks on the other side of the building. And this is kind of a rapid response methodology in a way. So what we’ll do long-term, long-term it helps us to move high velocity, high bulk, low value product more cost effectively, that’s the bottom line. That’s what we’re trying to do.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Great question. I don’t have a direct answer for you on that. It will be a combination of – we’ve already gotten some target markets where we believe if this works well we would go, but we have not worked on any additional leases or properties at this point.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Joe, this is Greg. What we are finding is that our customers are looking for products either in what I would consider to be not standard in a typical tractor, but in other words, a long tail aspect SKUs that maybe with all Korean tractor, but are available online. And a category of product that we have to keep more narrow because of the store we want to get X amount of space. But we’re seeing people do that. I’ll give you an example in our business with portable buildings. We have an assortment inside the store for that, but online we have just elongated broad a long, long tail and they’re buying out of the long tail. Larger buildings, different size buildings, custom buildings, and so on. So that’s what we’re seeing a lot in our online business. There are some customers that are buying some dog food products that we sell in the stores, I’m not going to tell you they’re not, they’re doing it for convenience. But its primarily the things that would be out of the long tail that you wouldn’t find in our store.Joe Feldman – Telsey Advisory Group:  Got it, that’s helpful thanks. And one more and I apologize if I missed it before. But did you guys address we always ask about where you might stand with an affinity type of program. I know you’ve been testing some different things I just wanted to get an update there.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Yes, for the most part you are. I mean I may have misspoken when I just said one quarter and I don’t want to over build it. I would say that we had a very solid Q3, we saw performance we hadn’t seen in the past. You would anticipate that to continue forward, but again things can change, customer habits can change. I feel very good about the progress we made on that side of the store. The new plan-o-gram center will allow us to be more effective looking at. So I would say we’re constantly in a test-and-learn mode and that’s where, I’ll leave it.Mark K. Montagna – Avondale Partners, LLC: Okay, thank you.
Gregory A. Sandfort: Relative to the distribution centers, our long-term plan is obviously 2015 do a facility in the Southwest. And we target about two years after that looking at the Northwest. And then, eventually depending on the capacity, the added capacity from the additional leased space in the Northeast, we’ll eventually be looking at the Northeast as well. So once we’re there we would expect that we would be able to exceed the 2,100 that we currently have. We anticipate that from a distribution center capacity we would be able to exceed that number as well as have some additional capacity through the mixing center network as well.Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Gregory A. Sandfort: It definitely makes sense. Again, we don’t believe that there’s that direct correlation and I can appreciate taking…Brent Rystrom – Feltl and Company: I understand that but everybody seems to be fixated on this and from a simplistic perspective…
Gregory A. Sandfort: This is Greg. Let me just close by saying thank you all for your interest and support of Tractor Supply. We look forward to speaking to all of you again on our fourth quarter performance in January of 2015 and this will end the call.
Anthony F. Crudele: We definitely had a positive but it was not significant relative to the total transportation expense. We are optimistic that go forward, that it will prove to be a tail wind. But at the same time we are concerned that there will be some additional transportation cost that we’re going to have to manage. But for the most part we believe that it can be served as a positive as we move forward.Peter S. Benedict – Robert W. Baird & Co.:  Okay, fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Anthony F. Crudele: This is Tony. Depending on how you measure the productivity, from a sales perspective they are much stronger sales stores than the average stores and we really like the volume that we get from the stores out West. Obviously, the expense structure is a little bit heavier as well, but net-net from a long-term return perspective, they are at or slightly above our normal approval rate.
Anthony F. Crudele: On a per foot basis, they are not significantly larger on a square foot basis. So the incremental sales, obviously, makes them more productive.
Anthony F. Crudele: Well, I’ll take that one. Certainly cooler weather really bodes well. You heard Greg talk a little bit about some early cool season weather impacting Q3. I will tell you credit to the team. We talked about getting products in early. We made some strategic investments in inventory and that’s paid off for us. We’d like to see it stay cool and quite frankly heating is a good business for us. We saw lot of wear in apparel. So I would say the colder the better.
Anthony F. Crudele: Yes, I guess we could argue a little bit as to whether 13% was considered to be mid-teens but the comment represents that we know that we are a growth company, we know that to continue to grow we need to make investments in the business. We believe it that those investments have been included in our modeling. The last two years, we’ve talked about the last two years being investment years. We think that now that it’s sort of embedded in our model go forward that we can continue to grow the company in mid-teens and be able to continue to make those type of investments to build out our infrastructure. There just always seems to be concerns that every year is going to be an investment year and we need to chase something for earnings and we believe as we go forward that this already embedded in our modeling and that we can deliver our long term target. Having that said, as in the past we have always talked about growing the chain at 8% having some comp sales increase looking at 25 basis points of EBIT margin improvement with the share repurchase we think that we can get to the mid-teens well.
Anthony F. Crudele: That clearly is one objective that we have as far as using the distribution network when it comes to the gross profit drivers, I try to highlight some of the larger impacts. When you look at all the variables involved in looking at gross profit, there is probably about 10 or 15 different levers. There’s shrink. I think it was slightly down – well it’s slightly up this period. There are special events that we have. There are vendor funded programs that have impacts. The marketing and the benefits of the programs that we have in place may impact margin in certain ways. So what we’re trying to communicate relative to the marketing was that, we did not have significant numbers of programs out there that we’re trying to buy the sales. We feel that it was a very normal year for us from a marketing standpoint. So when you look at some of the other factors, there were some other negatives that brought it down as an offset. But the two that I mentioned between mix and freight, those are the largest drives and we believe that that those go forward are sort of the key headwinds that we’re going to be facing. So obviously with our initiatives to drive EBIT margin performance either through gross margin or SG&A leverage, we want to try to deliver that 25 basis points of improvement each year.
Anthony F. Crudele: Overall like the regional performances, we saw pretty consistent strength across the board on the merchandizing side. I will say that we continue to face some headwinds when it comes to safes and storage. We saw that the last couple of quarters. We continue to see that in Q3. We’re doing a lot to offset that, but that’s where I would say some of the softness was.
Anthony F. Crudele: Well, Chuck, we’re always trying and testing new ideas, but I would say no. There’s no other large scale thing in relative respect to what you heard from us about HomeTown Pet. But any given time you’ll be in our stores and you’ll see us testing 60 to 70 different ideas throughout the chain. So that’s the test-and-learn mentality that we have.
Anthony F. Crudele: Sure. Chris, this is Tony. When it comes to our estimates of deflation, we really do it sort of as a spot calculation and look as to where we are today and compare it to the upcoming quarters or the upcoming year. So I would prefer to push that calculation out until we come through to our next conference call and give the full year guidance. But in general terms, we do expect to experience some deflation next year. And as much as we do see some of the prices decreasing in some of the corn categories, we were hopeful that it will moderate somewhat over what we experienced this year.
Anthony F. Crudele: Sure, Tony, again. Last year was a little bit different because last year’s distribution center in the southeast was a relocation. So we incurred probably more cost than opening up a new one because we had a team, we had to relocate, we had some exit cost on the lease. And so there was more transitions cost required. Also as we move into next year and that’s why I didn’t give specifics as to any numbers and what we are laughing this year versus next year but we obviously have the relocation of the store support center. As we move into the distribution center next year, what’s different is we would expect to have a decrease in the stem miles and obviously have a benefit in transportation. And so the only thing that would hold us back next year that will be incremental would be the pre-opening related to the distribution center. Other than that, once it opened and it gets to full capacity, it’s the transportation benefit should offset the additional cost. So we do expect to have some pre-opening related to that facility but again we believe that over the last two years we have incorporated those type of expenses into our operating model and continue to deliver our EPS target despite some of the additional infrastructure build that we’ll have.
Anthony F. Crudele: Sure, Scott. This is an area where we clearly would like to focus little bit more. We believe that as we work with our vendors that we look at the entire relationship and so when we look at the type of terms that we are going to get as far as sort of finance inventory versus the cost of the goods and the other programs that they work with us on. It’s been an area where we believe that we come up with sort of the best working relationship with the vendors. Having said that, it’s definitely as we move forward it’s an area that we will continue to focus on as far as driving that. Over the last couple of years, we have used our financing ability to provide anticipation for our vendors when they needed to cash infusions and so we’ve utilized that. So generally as we came out of the recession, that’s one of the reasons why that number sort of had continued to drop down, but as businesses improved, obviously it’s an area that we will take a hard look at.Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks a lot guys.
Anthony F. Crudele: One correction there. We feel that’s 2,100 right now. So we’re very confident in that number. We’ll obviously continue to look at sites up over and above that, but right now we feel that 2,100, we’re very confident with that number.
Anthony F. Crudele: Denise this is Tony. As we’ve moved into the back half of the year coming off Q2 we were very focused on managing the SG&A. So we believe that we are aggressive when it came to the expense control and that combined with the strong comp sales really gave us that significant leverage. And then one key thing that I had mentioned on the prepared remarks was that, in Q2 medical and workers’ comp were very high and they moderated, so that gave us some additional leverage, as well.Denise Chai – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, got it thanks. And just lastly to kind of go back to this, I guess nearly dead horse. Actually how much have feed costs declined, because we’ve talked about deflation and very broad terms in terms of your total comp. But how much of feed gone down because I’m just wondering for the person whose got a couple of horses, what are they saving because it just doesn’t seem just clear with these strength and big ticket, for example, on small agricultural equipment like mowers that you were talking about.
Anthony F. Crudele: Just give you indication, we always corn and sort of the main factor is the component in the feed category. And year-over-year it was around $4.50 last year were down to little bit below $3.50 this year. So you can see that there was a significant impact on a year-over-year basis. But directionally this actually give you an idea of the impact.Denise Chai – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes I’ll tell you Michael, you can look at it being deflationary and yes there may be some top line headwinds, but we’re still continuing to see unit growth. And for the way I sit back and I look at it is there’s a lot of folks have an opportunity now to get into animal ownership where they may have not done so before. So whether it would be getting into bird feeding, when it comes to a lot of bird products that we sell on the seed side, whether it would be herd size. We’ve seen a decline over time in herd size, you may see that come back. So I don’t necessarily see deflation in some of these commodities as a bad thing. If anything it’s putting money back into the pockets of folks that we’re spending a lot more on it. So I think there’s two different ways to look at that and I tend to look at it from that perspective.
Steve K. Barbarick: It’s interesting John, we talk a little bit about deflation and overcoming some of the top line headwinds that that might cause and we experienced some of that in the last couple of quarters. The team did a really nice job looking out working with our store operations partners, we updated the plan-o-grams, we did a number of resets and not get into too much specifics but the departments where we have product in line every single department had a positive comp store sales performance and I have not seen that long time with Tractor Supply Company. The team has really worked hard. We work with the vendor partners, we switched out some product lines, I would tell you I feel very, very good about the strength of that side of the business. We just not need to keep the momentum going.John R. Lawrence – Stephens Inc.:  Great, thanks. And just another, you mentioned a little bit more on the mixing centers for next year, Greg can you comment a little bit more about the thought process on that and where we stand and what you’re seeing out of that.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes. This is Steve. They are all formidable competitors. I mean they do a very nice job with their assortments. They recognize there is need in the marketplace. We’ve got as Greg mentioned we’ll be in 49 states or shortly. We continue to see momentum in Q, we’re growing our units, we think we’re picking up share, we’ve talked a lot about independence as well and we’re picking up some of that share. So I would tell you in general the market I think we’re out in front of the marketplace. I think we’re continuing to grow and expand what we’re doing in this area. And really the focus for us in Q is three key things. We’re constantly looking at refining our assortments. Two, we’re making strategic investments that we’re better in stock and we’re a better dependable supplier of basic maintenance needs. And three, we’ve done a really nice job using our price optimization system, so we’re right and we’ll price locally making sure that we’re taking care those customers. So we think that there is continued growth here using those free tactics.
Steve K. Barbarick: I would tell you there is a lot of folks out there that are doing a lot of different things. And we try to stay focused on what we’re doing rather than chasing a lot of the competitors. I would tell you that by copying if that’s the case and that’s the way they want to go, that’s a fine forms of flattery but we’re continuing to pickup share. We’re going to stay true to what we’re focused on.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, absolutely. This is Steve. We’re making great strides out there. I would tell you that the stores out in Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, Nevada have different assortments than what you are going to find out East. Even the store Utah that we’re going to open will be carrying beekeeping supplies. And yes, you’ve heard me right, that is beekeeping supplies. We went out there, we research the market and we saw in a lot of our competitors and thought, well, we better put our best put forward out there when we move out there. So you are going to see a lot of localized products. We’re continuing to refine what we are doing. We have ongoing conference calls with our store operators out there, because they are really leading us down the path of what those customers are asking for and we’re tweaking our assortments as we move forward.
Steve K. Barbarick: And what’s interesting about that is, you’ve picked up, you’ve learned little things here and there, and then you find over time that there may be more opportunities in other existing stores. So again these are all test-and-learn type formats in product categories, and we’ll see how they do.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, I’ll go and take that, this is Steve. We brought on our director of customer marketing earlier this year because we felt like we needed to add to our expertise. He’s come in, he’s been a lot of very interesting things, his targeted e-mail and made us more relevant we’re getting better click through rates and page opening rates. When it comes to affinity we’ve had a number of cross functional meetings, we’re right now in the process of building some business requirements for it. But you won’t see anything as far as a pilot until a very back half of 2015 and even then it will be just a test.Joe Feldman – Telsey Advisory Group:  Got it that’s helpful thanks and good luck with this fourth quarter.
Steve K. Barbarick: Yes, this is Steve. I would tell you that heating a big business for us. We did make some strategic investments across all lines of heating and I think we’re well positioned as we go into November, December.Brent Rystrom – Feltl and Company: Thanks, guys.
