Greg Sandfort: Steven this is Greg. It’s really early for us to say that we have seen anything significant because of it, but what I can tell you is that the reason we took – the program expanded to California is it – we really liked what we are seeing in Michigan with the engagement and how the customers are responding to it very openly. So, we want to move it to California to take it another step. And I think 6 months from now we will probably have a better idea to give you some ideas of how it is impacting. We don’t have enough data yet to say that we can use that to really reach back to customers and either poll them for information about how they are feeling or what they are buying or not buying. So, it’s now just gathering the data and getting them into the database, to be honest.
Greg Sandfort: Alan, this is Greg. Couple of things to note. The second quarter was difficult and there was just incredibly, let’s say, challenging weather in some of the regions of the country, where we have typically been able to weather those storms in the past, but I will give you an example in Texas, very, very difficult, massive flooding, lot of destruction. That will take time for that market to come back. It’s not – it doesn’t snapback tomorrow. So, our feeling was, let’s be a little more conservative as we go in the second half. We know it’s going to take some time for a large market like that where we have 170 plus stores to recover. And we – and as we talked amongst ourselves, our feeling was we are always kind of a conservative group here. We would rather be more conservative and give ourselves an opportunity to exceed that than to say, well, we think – we can’t forecast the future. We could only kind of deal with the past and try to look at that and understand what could be in front of us. So, that’s really – we are just – we are being a little more conservative given the fact that we had such a difficult second quarter with the weather variations.
Greg Sandfort: Close to that. And we now have their results and their suggestions and we are now going through that saying, okay, what looks plausible and what would the timing really be and how do we move forward? If you remember correctly, we did a similar project about 6 years ago. And that helped us understand the next wave of growth for the company and we got a little ahead of the curve on building buildings and systems, infrastructure and so on. This is the next step again to take us forward. So, you will know more about this. We will speak more to this on the next call, because we just got the results and we are still digesting it.
Greg Sandfort: Seth, this is Greg. That analysis – that’s the part of the analysis we are working through right now as far as what looks plausible. When you – anytime you do all these analyses, they do every – it’s ran on a model of the perfect scenario, correct. Nothing is a perfect scenario. And we have some buildings in places that honestly, if we want to look – went back 10 years ago, we may not have put them in this city, maybe we put it in a city 200 miles to the East, North or the West. So that’s what we are sorting through right now. We do believe that the cost of this as we go forward will be part of our capital plan that we have had and we continue to invest through in this – the next leg of the growth. So yes, we believe it will be part of that plan. And again, we will share more of this with you. And when we get to the third quarter call, we will have all this sorted through at that time.
Greg Sandfort: No, Michael. I would tell you that we have looked at this and looked at this and no that it would not be the case. There is plenty of newness, plenty of things that we are bringing to the customer. But we have all looked back and did some studying of the last several years of weather trends and things. And it’s just become a little bit more I will call it, unpredictable, meaning that it’s moving the sales around a little bit more than we thought. And so we are reacting to that fairly well, keeping our inventories in control and moving our assortments to the product categories of the customers willing to buy and want to buy. But no I don’t think the size has anything really to do with it. We are still as nimble as we were. We saw plenty of newness. So I think this is us learning something new about how we need to react as these – I think what we are going to see is more and more of this type of weather patterning and it’s a new learning to be very honest.
Greg Sandfort: I don’t think so, because when you look at the weather patterns in the parts of the country that it affected and how it affected them, we managed the inventories extremely well by region. So I think we did that part extremely well. And to say that there was other opportunities that we may have missed on boy, we looked at it very thoroughly, Steve and the team spent hours and we took advantage of every opportunity that was there. The customer demand just didn’t develop in second quarter. That’s the answer.
Greg Sandfort: Simeon, let me take that one. I would tell you that what we saw in the second quarter, we could directly tie that back to the weather and how it slowed the development of some of the businesses. We had a very favorable end of March. And it seems like since we got – and we had that early Easter shift. And it looks like we had a bit of a reversal in trends, all of a sudden, April and May versus where we were at the end of March. And we started seeing some pullback a little bit on big ticket because we had seen a good pull forward at the end of first quarter. So we thought well, that’s just going to be a trade-off between a couple of months. But as we said in the 29th update, we really haven’t seen anything significant with the customers’ use of credit or shift to spending and so on and so forth at this point. It’s fundamentally they are still buying the things they need, they are still shopping for us, our traffic counts are up. So, it was a bit of a tough pill to swallow when we saw the business just not develop and then, again, little warmness in June and we saw a nice push again in the business. So, it’s just very unusual, but no, I can’t say that we have anything that would give us any indication that there is some current trend with the consumer, because we would have seen some of the signals and we haven’t seen it. Our core business couldn’t be stronger.
Greg Sandfort: We went back and we looked at what we are doing in the back half of this year and looked at the categories that maybe most impacted that we think that our customers still have a lot of demand for. And we have modified our approach slightly, but it’s really around some key areas. And I feel really good about the reset work that we are going to be doing. So, it is around a lot of the C.U.E. merchandise. But in addition to that, we went back, we have reset our stores for footwear and leather and in rubber. We have got heating resets that are going to be taking place and assortment adjustments there as well. So generally, when you look across the four walls, I feel very confident that the work the team is doing is going to be in line with what we are seeing our customer demand for.
Greg Sandfort: Yes. I would tell you, at this point, it’s still early in the test. It’s in 25 stores and we are getting some results now. We still need to dissect it and determine whether or not it meets our threshold for being a successful test, so that it would roll forward in more stores. In terms of firearms, it’s way too early in the game to even talk about that. So, I would leave that for future date.
Greg Sandfort: Stephen, I think what you are referring to is if you try to normalize, looking at the pull forward and you push that through and kind of work the numbers that I think what you are saying is did we see a bit of a slowdown in second quarter just in general from what we saw in first quarter in sales if we did that.
Greg Sandfort: Well, with the slowdown that we did see was, again, in the big ticket categories. No question that was part of it, but we believe that, that was due to the fact that the weather just was not complementary for selling those kinds of products. Our customers, as you know buy very much to need. And so when we looked at that and we did some normalization of our own with the numbers. Those big ticket categories are riding lawnmowers, as Steve mentioned and a few other categories, UTVs now which were very robust a year ago at this time, did not anniversary themselves.
Greg Sandfort: Well, for the most part, we do prefer wet because things will continue to grow and it’s a continuation of spring. But when you look at the moisture generally throughout the springtime, we have good moisture throughout. So as we move into the summer, it shouldn’t be a significant impact. Obviously, when you look at the drought map, tends to be a little bit in sort of the Southwest and the California area. But because there is too much rain in say the Texas area, the heat is good because it helps dries out a little bit sooner. But generally, we look for moisture. It will be a positive thing as we move through the year.
Greg Sandfort: Chris, let me start with that. Tony will probably jump in. I have been with the company now – I will be 9 years in November. And I would say that the last 4 years had been the most interesting from a standpoint of the mix of our products, when things were selling, when things peaked, introductions of newness and so on. But I can’t underestimate and we used to – I think things that we could control more things around some of the weather patterning across the country, but as we have gotten now into 49 states and that store dispersion is a good thing generally. I would tell you that it makes it more challenging for us to understand sometimes how these ebb and flows will affect the overall business on an annual basis. We typically can work our way through some of these slight, if you call it, troubled spots where we have, I will say, less than ideal weather and less than ideal conditions for selling certain products. But we are in a new learning curve here I believe, as we look at some of these things moving forward. And the team has done some great work as we forecast forward through the second half and into next year. And I am convinced that we can kind of push this thing back on this growth trajectory that is kind of expected from Tractor. I mean we are a test and learn company. We learn all the time. There is no lack of newness, as Steve mentioned earlier. We continue to introduce new products and those are things that really drive all the footsteps. And then we are getting far better at this localization component. And that’s going to be a key as we go forward because that helps us defend ourselves when conditions are less than ideal for selling some products. I can’t reiterate enough, our customers buy to demand or to need. They don’t buy early, they haven’t been for a long time.
Greg Sandfort: Dan, what I can tell you is the facts. No question, when we first opened the new Western markets, we saw some weakness there in a few markets and that drag for about 1 year and 18 months was there. But the process we use in finding and aligning new stores and how we plan for cannibalization in this, we are seeing a more normalization again. We are seeing stores performing back to that level. And on a year-over-year basis, the run rates are very similar. So we did have a little period of time there when it was, gee, what happened and we looked at it and it was really very concentrated in really the Utah market. So no, we are not seeing new store productivity sliding. As a matter of fact, it’s as good today as it was a few years back. But we did have a little blip in there and I think we got to – we worked our way through that.
Greg Sandfort: Yes. I would say to you that from a competitive standpoint, I think the overall farm community or farm business is probably fairly healthy from a retail standpoint. And we are opening stores in markets where the competition is at. Vice versa, they are opening a few in our markets. And we have plans and I will call it tactics to challenge that and offset that. So we are not seeing any real competitive intrusion to any great degree, anything different than we have seen in the past. One of the things we don’t and will not do is go and try to buy sales for the short-term. Steve mentioned earlier that we are going to look at all the ways that we can be in front of our customer with our mix and the brand itself. But the more stores that we put out there in the landscape, the more often and more chances we have to win customers over. So I think our plans as we go forward are solid. I think our store expansion strategy is solid. And there is not a competitive intrusion that’s causing any issues for us at this point.
Greg Sandfort: It clearly was not in the big ticket categories. And one of the things you need to understand about our business is that there is a cycle and timing to this. And when you get past a certain point – we know our customer and they will say to us, it’s too late in the season now to buy that x product. I will wait now until next year. And we have heard that in a number of instances as we have been out in the stores ourselves, so that really is the culprit right there.
Greg Sandfort: Okay. Well, thank you, all for your continued support and your interest in Tractor Supply. And we look forward to speaking to you again in October regarding our third quarter performance.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, Steve. This is Steve again. Hey, what I would tell you is that it’s kind of two-pronged here. The advantage of the open buying day is this. We are going to get an opportunity to see 300, 400 folks come through and talk to our teams, all of which are doing business with Tractor Supply today and really getting a better understanding of what’s going on in the marketplace, because most of these folks, either seller or competitors or they are somewhere else out there that we can get a better read on what’s happening in the marketplace. Everyone who signs up, we will give some time, too. And so we don’t really narrow it down into any one given category. In terms of what we are looking at in the box itself to move our business forward, we have talked a lot about the C.U.E. business. And you will see a number of resets that are going to take place in the back half of this year that will support that, whether it would be what we are doing in feed with the launch of our Do More equine program or what we are going to see in terms of Blue Seal, which will expand out to another couple of hundred stores in the Northeast and down the corridor. So, there is a lot of things that are happening within the box right now, not just in terms of resets, but also events such as Deer Feeding that we have got out there right now that’s doing particularly well or the Stock Your Shop tool event. And in that then itself, we are going to have about 60% new products that we didn’t have a year ago to really give our customers a treasure hunt experience. So, I could go on and on about all the things that we are working on, but I would say across the board, we have got a lot of things cooking.
Steve Barbarick: Sure. Right now, it looks like there is a few that are scheduled for the back half, so it’s more like just two or three. And that will leave about, I want to say 10 to 12 for next year and they will be spread throughout the year and a lot of them again in the back half. But when we looked at it and we saw that some of the stores actually are performing well, we haven’t had a match necessarily of a Tractor Supply store coming into that marketplace, we just felt it would be more prudent to leave them opened until they come closer to their lease termination date.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. Chris, so this is Steve Barbarick. And one of the things that we have talked a lot about, Tractor Supply being a fairly nimble company and we are able to react pretty quickly to the needs of our consumer. And what we saw in the Q2 in the softness in a lot of the seasonal businesses, we felt like we needed to react with something. So we did put a promotional piece out there as Tony referred to. As we look forward, we are going to continue to use all the arrows in our quiver to best support the business. And whether that be using inventory to help move our business forward, it could be looking at additional promotional pieces and it could be a variety of things. Maybe it’s getting more targeted around some of the C.U.E. businesses. Another thing that we are doing is local presentation. So right now, where it’s hot and dry out West, we have got our store teams out there, putting together water movement and fans and things that we are doing down in Texas. So we are constantly moving the business around based on the needs of the consumer. I am not suggesting that we are going to steer one way any – too far any one way because we use a balanced approach and we have got plenty of initiatives that move us forward. But I also don’t want to rule anything out either.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. I wouldn’t suggest that whatsoever. I mean we have run our business the same way we have since I have been here and that’s been for the last 18 years. And I wouldn’t want anybody to think that we are going to steer one way any too far, one way left or one way right. We try to present value to our customers day-in, day-out. And that’s what they come in for. So again, I wouldn’t read anything into that.
Steve Barbarick: Simeon, Steve Barbarick here. I thought the team did a really nice job managing to the demands of the business. And we saw that early and we are able to pullback in a lot of the ordering. And our seasonal inventories are in a great position right now for spring. So, I have very little concern about markdown or clearance going into the third quarter or fourth quarter for spring product.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. A year ago, when we were sitting here talking about the strength of the business, a lot of it was driven by seasonal and a lot of it was driven – we had a new OPE lineup. We saw demand across the board in trailers and a lot of other categories. And we were comping that this year, in all fairness. And to your stack, I think you would feel really good about, but unfortunately, we are comping ourselves and we – that’s what we need to be doing and we didn’t do it like we should have this quarter. But if you looked at the totality of the business, it’s still strong, there are some very strong fundamentals in the business, but we are lapping what was a very robust Q2 last year in the seasonal category.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. It’s rolled out now to the entire team. And I would tell you I really do think it’s going to have a positive impact on the business. It’s really going to help us mainly with things like end caps, event merchandise, a lot of the seasonal builds, both initial and end of season. And those are the ones that are going to get the greatest benefits. And talking with the team, we believe we will see a lot of those benefits in Q4 because the work we are doing right now is going to have that impact.
Steve Barbarick: This is Steve. This is going to be an ongoing challenge for our merchant team and our sourcing team, to continue to bring new folks on. We have made some headway in that, but when you are talking about as many product categories as we carry and 70-plus percent of those go through our network. This is not a one and done kind of scenario. So we are making headway. We have got about another 20 or 30 vendors that we are looking at right now in terms to trying either resource or find secondary vendors out West to be able to reduce those stem miles.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. This is Steve. We still see more opportunity here and we have seen continued growth over the last several years. And it’s really driving footsteps into our stores. Our focus is really around being priced right. It’s about having the right inventories. And it’s about expanding our assortments. And we have continued to do that very well. I still think that there is upside and a lot of momentum here that we still have. Depending upon the category you look at, I will use – if you benchmark maybe our overall pet business versus industry, I think if you looked at that, you would probably say we are outstripping and indexing higher than industry and therefore you would have to make the assumption that you are taking share. If you look at our feed business, I would tell you, based on what we hear from our suppliers, there is a good likelihood that we are taking market share there as well. And you could go across the four walls, whether it would be in lubricants, whether it would be in lawn and garden or other categories such as betting. And I think we continue to do a nice job, offering a great assortment that has the right in-stock at great value prices for our customers every day. So I still think that there is a more upside here.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. This is Steve. And that’s a great question because when you talk seasonal, there is a lot of attachments that come with OPE. There is a lot of replacement parts and whatnot. And we saw a relative softness across many of those compared to a year prior’s strong comp store sales there. So many of those attachments and accessories do carry a little higher margin that was a question asked earlier and we did see those sales be soft over the course of the second quarter.
Steve Barbarick: Yes, Dan, this is Steve. I mean, the pricing tools that we use in regular price are ongoing, and they give us recommendations based on demand by area of the country. So we are constantly looking and fine-tuning that, challenging it ourselves. And where we have upside, we take it up. And where we think we need to be more aggressive, we will move those prices down. So from that perspective, I think that there is still more we can get out of the tools. As a matter of fact, we just recently extended our contract with Revionics because we continue to see value there. In addition to that, the clearance module that we use has still been very effective for us and helping us work our way through a lot of that product while it’s still in home before it gets moved and try to move it through while we’re still in season. Our units in terms of SKU products, we’re still seeing strong comp store units movement, and we really track units as much as we do sales in many cases. Now you’ve heard the last couple of years, we have seen some deflation there, so we have got some headwinds to overcome. But generally speaking, I still think that there is some more opportunity for us in using that tool.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. Eric, this is Steve. I would tell you that the business continues to be pretty strong in a lot of those basic core businesses. I mean Tony I believe talked about it in his prepared remarks that we continue to see good growth in the animal side of our business across all species. And so I don’t see a slowdown there whatsoever. I think we continue to invest in those businesses and our assortments, our prices and our in-stock and we are seeing the traction and the benefit of those investments.
Steve Barbarick: Yes. This is Steve. Well, we had a challenging overall top line. I would tell you that there were a lot of gems in the quarter. We talked about a lot of what we did with gardening, in organics, sustainability. We saw a lot of growth there. We saw a lot of growth in our Chick Days event and a lot of what we are doing there as well. When it comes to what we are doing with our outdoor rec, we saw nice growth. Our kayak business really drove a lot of incremental units and top line sales there. So there is a lot of things in the box that are working incredibly well and I know that gets overshadowed by the overall top line sales for the quarter. But I would be remiss if I didn’t say a lot of that as well as our core business being strong and the foot traffic coming in for those categories. So again overall, when you look at the quarter, it was a miss. And I think we are all disappointed by that, but at the same time we can build on those things that really worked this year for next year. And those categories that suffered this year a little bit, we will have a plan to reconcile.
Tony Crudele: Well, Alan, this is Tony. We generally – other than in sort of ‘14 and ‘15, where we were trying to build our base out in the Southwest to create the volume for our Arizona distribution center, we generally are very geographically dispersed. So, I don’t think there was a particular emphasis. And in this case, the Southwest has performed very well for us and so there is less of a concern. Obviously, if you ran into a significant drought situation in a particular area of the country, that may have an impact, but generally because of the geographic disbursement of the stores, we tend to be somewhat insulated from one – some particular area of the country having some weather event.
Tony Crudele: Correct. And so that would be the one area where we had $0.01 pickup in the back half of the year relative to our original forecast and that’s probably part of the conservativism in the back half that we did not pick up that $0.01 in our forecast.
Tony Crudele: Yes, Seth. This is Tony. Based on our prepared remarks, the message that we are trying to send is that as we move through the quarter, we are hopeful that with sort of the softness in April and May that we would see a little bit stronger bounce back in June. We did not see that. So, as part of our update on – in our June 29 business update, we had anticipated that we would not see significant spring sales falling in the July time period. So – and the last three weeks has verified that expectation. So, we expect it will be limited as we move through the rest of the quarter. And obviously, our easiest compare is in the September timeframe and a lot of that can be driven by cooler weather as people start to ramp up for the winter season. And right now, we expect that it will be cooler in September than last year, but still will be warmer than normal. So obviously, it’s just too early to have an indication as to the third quarter.
Tony Crudele: Michael, this is Tony. We actually are pleased with where we are with the new store productivity. It plateaued pretty much over the last three quarters and the stores out West are performing better. I think that as we cycle through, you will see that the newer stores that we have opened this year are again exceeding pro forma. And we should be able to maintain that new store productivity if not increase it.
Tony Crudele: Sure, Chris. This is Tony. When we look at the last three quarters, their performance relative to the control group has been relatively consistent. So the impact on the comps has been again, relatively consistent for the last three quarters. As we move forward, we will start cycling in. And I agree with what you said that we really started to see sort of that fall-off in the third and fourth quarters. So as much as we do anticipate that it will moderate, we do believe that it will still be a drag in the back half of the year, but not to the extent that it has been in the first half.
Tony Crudele: Sure. When it comes to the bigger ticket, we definitely had a benefit, in particular, when it came to the riding mower category. So, the softer sales in that category did help margin, because it is well below chain average. When we look at some of the other key departments, obviously, the first thing that comes to mind is the strength of the C.U.E. items, in particular, the animal feed and pet food, which have just a slightly below chain average margin. But that strength obviously de-levers on margin. So, that had a negative impact. And then when you look at some of the other spring items that are higher margin, that were soft as well and even some of the other hard line items, the softness in those sales, we didn’t obviously pickup the margin there as well. So, those two factors offset the benefit that we get on the larger ticket hard line category.
Tony Crudele: Generally, we would have some key categories of spring that would sell well. In this case, some of those categories, we didn’t get that lift. So, we would generally get some offset. And so it just – we just didn’t have the same lift that we would get from the other higher key categories. I know Steve has some comments that he would like to make.
Tony Crudele: We got off to a very strong rider season in March and so we clearly had anticipated that rolling through into Q2.
Tony Crudele: But it didn’t. And as we stated in the prepared remarks, big ticket was down 8% and in particular, after being very strong in the March timeframe. So, you can adjust the month, but still, the trend was very consistent to the overall trends, where April and May were softer than June.
Tony Crudele: And I will just add that over my 11 years here, we don’t necessarily see what the next silver bullet is going to be, but being the test and learn, we are constantly coming up with really good ideas and products. And we let our customer dictate what the next best item is going to be. But when it comes to the model itself, generally our forecasting is always in the 3% to 5% range. We don’t need to reach the high single-digit comps anymore to have a really successful year. And so as we look out, we think that the model will work just terrifically at the 3% to 5% comp level.
Tony Crudele: Dan, this is Tony. Let me answer that one. What we are saying is that we did not see a shift of sales, spring sales from Q2 into Q3. And so we are not making a statement one way or the other relative to the performance to our expectations or comparison to comps of last year. I will say – and I would say I am in agreement with you. We have had three very strong Julys in a row. And obviously, when we look out and we forecast, we would forecast July not to be the strongest of the three months in the quarter.
Tony Crudele: No. As we stated, we had anticipated that with the moisture and with the slow start to the spring that it would be a delayed spring and would continue into Q3. But since we did not experience that bounce back in June, we were very cautious and did not anticipate extending out. So yes, it is a little bit different than what we’ve seen in the past. But we did not expect any additional spring sales in the July, August timeframe.
Tony Crudele: No, I think that’s correct. And again, as we saw throughout the quarter, with the softness in sales as well as the big ticket being soft as well as having the last sort of 3 years of strong Q3, in particular, strong July, August, it’s just is a more difficult comparison.
Tony Crudele: As we move into the back half of the year, they tend to be – the margins as well as most of the P&L tends to be a little bit more predictable. Now obviously, as we work our way through the quarter and sales and how we react to sales and continue to drive sales, obviously, we can have an impact. But really, as we look year-over-year, there is not any significant aberrations from last year that we are going to be comping. So I would say generally, relatively consistent. We look to see that in both quarters, we anticipate improving our gross margin, which will help us drive the EBIT margin improvement for the overall company and in the back half of the year.
Tony Crudele: True. We continuously look at cost savings initiatives. And in actuality, we feel that we have been very successful. One, in managing headcount both at the store support center and in the stores and you can see that in Q2 in particular as we really managed the payroll expense and the variability relative to the softer sales. And we have some key initiatives looking at all levels of expense structure. So when you look at the increase, we believe that it really is very focused on growth areas and areas that we need to make investment in. And as I alluded to in our prepared remarks, as much as we only ran about a 6% increase year-over-year, net of the incentive compensation, we do expect as we continue to move forward to be in – somewhere in the 9% to 10% range, consistent with our growth in sales, in particular because some of the investments that we made last year that we are cycling in particular, the Arizona distribution center and the mixing center.
Tony Crudele: Yes. I wouldn’t necessarily say perpetuity, but as we continue to grow the chain at obviously a fairly significant clip of 110 to 120 stores, we are going to continue to invest in the infrastructure and that’s where the majority of the dollars are going.
Tony Crudele: That’s obviously pretty difficult for us to project. Being the optimistic retailers, we want to take each one of our categories and drive a comp increase in each one of those categories. As we look at the back half, it tends to be less sensitive to big ticket. However, as we saw last December there, we do have some big ticket items. Our focus is going to be to continue to drive value. And as Greg has indicated, our core business has been very strong. So we are going to continue to emphasize in those key categories that will drive footsteps. And hopefully, as we get those customers into the store, we will be able to get them to create a bigger basket and drive the comp sales in the back half of the year.
