Mary Winn Pilkington: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the time to join us today, and I hope you’re all doing well. On the call today are Hal Lawton, our CEO; Kurt Barton, our CFO. And after our prepared remarks, we’ll open the call up for your questions. Seth Estep, our EVP and Chief Merchandising Officer, will join us for the question-and-answer session. Please note that we’ve made a supplemental slide presentation available on our website to accompany today’s earnings release. Now, let me reference the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the future operating and financial performance of the Company. In many cases, these risks and uncertainties are beyond our control. Although the company believes the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations or any of its forward-looking statements will prove to be correct, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements are included at the end of the press release issued today and in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information contained in this call is accurate only as of the date discussed. Investors should not assume that statements will remain operative at a later time. Tractor Supply undertakes no obligation to update any information discussed in this call. We shortened the prepared remarks to allow more time for Q&A. Given the number of people who want to participate, we respectfully ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, please feel free to get back in the queue. I appreciate your cooperation. We will be available after the call for follow-up. Thank you for your time and attention this morning. Now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Hal.
Mary Winn Pilkington: Austin, if we keep at the top of the hour, maybe we’ll take one more question in and then wrap up our call after the next question, please.
Mary Winn Pilkington: This completes our call today. We look forward to talking to you at our second quarter earnings call in July. Both Marianne and I are around today. So, please feel free to reach out. But thank you very much for joining our call today.
Hal Lawton: Hey Scot. Good morning. And thanks for joining our call. I appreciate the question. I’d start out just at the highest level. Consumer’s very healthy. As Kurt mentioned, we exceeded our expectations in Q1, and kind of a few nuances on that. Where we -- in the business where we’re lapping the stimulus from last year, notably in big ticket, we saw some follow-up there, but it was very much in line with what we expected and what we had foreshadowed at our enhanced earnings event, when we talked about some pressure from big ticket dominantly in the last part of Q1 and early part of Q2. As Kurt mentioned and I mentioned also in the prepared remarks, we’ve seen a little bit of a slow start to spring, but it’s been in the categories you would expect, and spring always comes. We’ve had it -- play out in many different ways over the last couple of decades on spring, but otherwise, really seeing no elasticity in the customer. And I’d point to our C.U.E. business as an indication to that, it’s comped 3 times our overall comp rate, dry dog food above 20% comps. In fact, the month of March was our highest dollar volume ever in dry dog food. If I just step back, we serve a lifestyle. It’s a demand-driven need-based kind product categories for the most part and have a track record of consistency and resiliency really across all different types of economic cycles. And in addition to that track record of consistency in the demand-driven business model, two additional factors going for us now. One are the continued kind of macro tailwinds, things like world revitalization and pet adoption that I mentioned earlier, and then also our Life Out Here strategy. And with 175 garden centers, and by the end of the year, 30% of our -- nearly 30% of our stores remodel with Fusion. We just got -- we’ve got a lot of tailwinds right now. And as it relates to the consumer, we’ve really not seen much reaction to inflation or any other kind of economic elements. As far as the impact on inflation, to your second point of your question, I’d kind of point to Kurt’s comments in his prepared remarks around we did exceed our expectations in Q1. Just given the -- our historic convention of sticking to the half and also just given the macro environment, we thought it was prudent to reiterate our guidance. But certainly, if you roll through the beat in the first quarter, it would take you towards the high end of our guidance for the year. And then, if we were to exceed performance for the rest of the year, we’d end up having a -- and continue to do that. We’d end up having a nice year. I do think inflation continues to be persistent. And we continue to see it come through, and we continue to be able to navigate it very effectively.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey, Michael, it’s Hal. And I’m going to take the first -- the second part of your question first on housing and then have Seth talk a little bit about spring. On housing, we don’t have as much of a direct correlation to new home starts and existing home sales, like other segments of retail. That said, one of the trends we have been benefiting from is the notion of home setting and people investing in their homes and in their land and also rural revitalization as well as we’ve had kind a shift out of urban and even sub-urban areas into ex-urban and rural. I think all the data sets still suggest that those trends are continuing. Even if you look at the existing home sales and new home sales, which have come up the last few days, while there were some year-over-year reductions, still very strong absolute numbers, and then if you look at the amount of housing stock that were short in the United States, I think you’re going to continue to see very strong absolute numbers for many years -- many quarters and years to come. And I think you’re going to see more of that outside of the cities, and we’ll continue to benefit from that. Most of our customers own their land, own their homes, and they’ve seen home and land depreciation, particularly out of rural, which has had outsized gains versus urban. They’re benefiting from that. There’s been a bit of a wealth effect. So, certainly feel like that home stetting trend and that rural revitalization trend are still very strong macroeconomic tailwinds for us. On spring, as Kurt mentioned, we’ve had a -- spring has been slow to start, but we are very excited about our spring plans. Inventory is in a great spot, marketing and merchandising, our prime, C.U.E. is driving footsteps. And I’m going to turn it over to Seth to talk a little bit about some of our spring plans in more detail.
Hal Lawton: Good morning, Steven, and thanks for joining our call. If we step back and just talk about the macroeconomic environment, what we’re seeing is very consistent with what we’re all reading in the headlines every day. I’ll start with persistent inflation. We had the CPI of 8.5% in the month of March, that we’ve seen 0.5 point increases a month for the last handful of months. It’s tough to say if we’re at peak inflation, the way I think about it is that we’re seeing persistent inflation. And I think we will see, strong inflation, not only through this year, but in the next year. As it relates to the economy, so far, the consumer has shown real strength and their ability to kind of navigate the inflation. And I think you’re hearing that today in our earnings call, but also hearing it in many other earnings calls that have come out over the last week, and there’s a variety of reasons for that. I mean, you’ve had strong wage growth across the country. You’ve got $2 trillion plus of pent-up savings that people are starting to tap into now, and you can see that in savings rate. You do see a little bit of credit card usage up. But I think if you dig into that what we’re seeing is people using their credit cards and then tapping into their savings to pay those down with default rates not yet moving up. I think, the consumer’s navigating this very well. And I think any talk of recession at this point is premature. And stepping back, if you look at our business, we’ve had 30 straight years of positive comp transactions. We’ve had 30 straight years of net sales growth, 29 of the last 30, we’ve had positive comp sales growth. This is a business that has been able to navigate all types of economic cycles, whether it was the recession in ‘20, the recession in 2007, ‘08, ‘09, whether it was COVID, just a couple of years ago. All those sorts of scenarios, this business has been incredibly resilient, stable and consistent through. And as I mentioned earlier, there’s a number of macroeconomic tailwinds that are really benefiting us that I think even accentuate the stability of our business. And then combine that with our Life Out Here strategy, which is just an indicative of just the next leg of growth for our company. And 40 years ago, we doubled down in animal fee, 20 years ago, we doubled down in pet food. Now, we’re doubling down in live goods combined with our Fusion remodel. We’ve never had more customers shopping Tractor Supply. We’ve never had a stronger digital business at Tractor Supply. Our business is incredibly strong right now. And we are very much excited about the business from a short-term perspective and long-term.
Hal Lawton: Thanks for joining our call and for the question. On inflation in our enhanced earnings, we mentioned that our assumption was around 4% for the year, but that if anything, we saw a potential for upside to that. And that’s very much what we saw in the quarter. And we’re not providing kind of an update on that 4% number today, but I would say that potential for upside there still remains. Kind of my comment to an earlier question around inflation being persistent, I do think it will continue through the balance of the year and run at 4% or higher. On the traffic, we were very pleased with the traffic in the quarter that we had, and it exceeded our expectations. To your point on two- and three-year stacks, it was either in line or above sequentially and with our previous quarters. And in particular, if you think about the stimulus benefits from last year, but certainly, the spring differences, the weather differences in the month of March, we were very pleased with how our comp transactions ran. And we’ve never had more customers shopping Tractor Supply than we have on a rolling 12 basis. We’ve done an excellent job of maintaining the tens of millions of new customers that have shopped us over the last two years. Our active customer file is incredibly strong. Our Neighbor’s Club membership program, members have never been higher. The participation, active participation in the Neighbor’s Club program has never been higher. So, we feel really good about our customer trajectory, our transaction trajectory within those customers and our customers kind of navigating inflation in our business kind of in a demand-driven need-based type environment.
Hal Lawton: Yes. I think, to clarify, I think what we’re trying to articulate there was there’s a variety of scenarios that could play out for the balance of the year. And one of those could be that inflation continues to run high. And if so, that might drive some different behavior in customer shopping patterns, notably that they might consolidate trips more. And if they do that, what we might see is a higher basket size with slightly lower transactions. And we just -- we’re saying, look, that’s one scenario that could play out and still very much within the context of our guidance. And then, the same thing on the margin profile side, kind of the point is more around if inflation still runs high, we might see a little bit more pressure than what we had guided on gross margin rates, still excellent margin rate performance, but we see a little bit less pressure on SG&A because our fixed costs would be running on higher sales dollars and that would still deliver us the operating margin rate in the -- in line -- in the range of our guidance. And we’re very pleased with our operating margin performance in the first quarter. We really, as Kurt mentioned, exceeded our expectations across all core metrics, traffic, sales and operating margin and EPS.
Hal Lawton: Good morning. And thanks for the question, Michael. I’d say, probably three things on that to kind of break big ticket up a bit. There are -- we saw fall-off in big ticket sales directly attributable to stimulus, very much in line with what we expected. And those were in non-seasonal categories dominantly, things like gun safes. In the seasonal businesses, big ticket, as Seth mentioned, where we’ve seen the spring weather break, we’ve seen excellent results in things like riders and grills, bigger ticket items. And then, as it relates to inflation, we certainly are seeing inflation in those categories, like we’re seeing across the board. But I would say that we’re also pleased with our unit movement in those categories, not just sales driven by inflation. So, overall, we continue to be -- feel very confident in our business short term and long term, inclusive of big ticket. And we’re excited about the rest of the year.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey Steven, thanks for the question. And we have all been on the road a lot recently, making sure it’s a core tenant of Tractor Supply’s mission and values and our culture. And I think our team is in great shape. John Ordus and our field organization have just done a fantastic job in hiring. We’re nearly 47,000 team members now, done an excellent job managing attrition. We’ve -- our FAST team continues to roll out to more stores in terms of kind of dedicated FAST team members. We’re rolling out new productivity programs, as John outlined in our last earnings call. If you walk our stores right now, they’ve never been in better shape. They -- we’ve got great service in our stores right now. Product is well-organized and on the shelves. We’ve got -- they’re very clean and orderly. We’ve got really all of the assembly done across Grills and all across riders, and we are ready for spring, ready for the second quarter. And then, in terms of engagement, our store -- we had our engagement survey towards the end of last year. Our store team member engagement was at an all-time high. As I mentioned earlier, we’re doing an excellent job managing attrition and -- our team members are really the glue of our company. And we pride ourselves on the customer service that we deliver inside of our stores. And I think we’re only continuing to make progress on that even at an already high level. And I think it’s going to be a big benefit to us as we move into -- as we are in the second quarter now.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey Chuck, how are you? And thank you for joining the call today. On C.U.E., I would attribute our strong growth to taking share. As we talked about in our enhanced earnings event, on a two-year stack, our total sales grew 52% relative to the market at 25%, which meant we grew -- outgrew the market by 27 points, significant share gain. And that is -- we’re the market leader in animal feed. We’re one of the market leaders in pet food and we are gaining significant share in both of those categories. It’s attributable to our business model, our customer service, our Life Out Here strategy, and so we’re -- that’s one of the reasons we’re just really excited about C.U.E. and the footsteps that’s driving into our stores and the setup that has for us for the balance of the year.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Simeon, hey, this is Kurt. I’ll hit both of those questions. If I understood the question, your first question generally is around needs discretionary versus a needs-based business, which we’re predominantly, and then really more of a -- how do you reconcile and how do you manage the cost, the operating margin throughout the rest of the year. Our business continues to be strong in a needs-based, demand-driven versus the discretionary. And as you’ve heard from us in the past, while there is some less needs-based discretionary, the discretionary piece of our business is fairly consistently been a low percentage, roughly like 15% of our business, we’d attribute to those more discretionary pieces of it. And as Hal just mentioned, some of those areas we -- as we expected and saw lifts last year with stimulus, we expected and saw some of that trade-off in the back end of Q1. In regards to our outlook for the year and how we really manage the margins, we expect our gross margin as inflation persists to have some level of pressure on the business. We’re going to see pressure from those three primary categories: product inflation; the supply chain costs; and even considering the strength of C.U.E. as we continue to take market share, puts a little bit of pressure from mix. But, as we manage through this, we really see the opportunity to take both levers of gross margin and SG&A. And in each quarter could be a bit different as inflation puts pressure on gross margin. We also do see the opportunity for that to help us leverage in SG&A. And in the first half of the year, where inflation year-over-year has more of an impact and not as much stronger compares, where at the back half of the year, we’re really starting to see inflation tick up. You could see as you did in Q1, stronger inflation, but we have opportunity to leverage on SG&A. And that’s how we’re going to view this business. We’re going to manage this as we have the last couple of years through a number of different scenarios, and we do see a scenario where there’s higher inflation. And we’ve got the levers to be able to manage gross margin and SG&A, and it could differ by quarters, but that’s what gives us the confidence to be able to land the target for the year of 10.1% to 10.3% on the operating margin.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Kate. Hey. Good morning. This is Kurt. In regards to your question on the guide, let me give you a couple of perspectives really how we see the business and how we look at it going forward. First, I’ll just reiterate what Hal and I’ve said. We’re coming off of Q1 a great start to the year where there’s a strong performance hitting on all metrics. And just to point out, Q1 on a two-year stack basis, from the strength in new customers, the strength in Neighbor’s Club, our transaction toward the highest two-year stack of any of the four quarters. So, the core of the business is strong and healthy. That said, as I just mentioned earlier, it is right and consistent even in the last two years, we’re managing the business in multiple scenarios. So, to your point in your question, there are various scenarios. And if under one scenario, there’s inflation that drives the comps outside of even the initial expectations, with that inflation, it puts pressure on margins, the leverage and SG&A. We certainly see that with inflation. It could impact some of the transactions. We’ve trip consolidation. We’ve seen customers begin to change in their spending patterns with the inflation. But, that’s not necessarily negative for us as we benefit in ticket and that can help us leverage our SG&A. And so, the number of various scenarios that we see playing out, we feel very comfortable that in the next three quarters as we manage that, that we can still meet our expectations and our guidance and very confident in the demand of the business and the strength right now going into the rest of the year.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Brian. Hey, good morning. This is Kurt. So, the two questions, one in regards to some of the puts and takes in regards to our -- in comparison to our expectations on Q1; and then, the other one is some of the geo market areas such as oil industry et cetera. So, let me take both of those. In the quarter, in Q1, weather from a perspective compared to last year, flattish to slightly modestly unfavorable. The point there is, last year we pointed, we had such an early start to the spring, and March is the biggest month that we saw 400 basis points last year in Q1 for weather and we pointed that out. This year, we had early start to the quarter with good cold weather in January that we benefited from, but then we had the offset. So, weather was neutralish from a perspective. Really some of the strengths came in how well C.U.E. performed and our ability to continue to capture market share. So, weather wasn’t necessarily beyond -- significantly beyond our expectations. We plan that there could be a scenario that we would not see as much early start to the spring. I hope that helps on that. In regards to some of the various micro economies, all that, the two key ones that are asked a lot about oil industry, farm economy. In summary, I’d say right now, it’s still too early to tell. We are not seeing any meaningful shift in those markets that indicate anything. And I’ll illustrate why on some of that. First, we don’t view some of the rise in commodities or oil necessarily as a negative in those industries, but yes, really more of a potential favorable tailwind in the business. Right now, the oil industry is a bit patient, lagging some of the growth and increase in the oil prices. The farm economy takes some time farmers to get product out of the ground. Farmers are faced with higher input costs right now. So, I think it’s a matter of something to watch. Overall, those markets are very healthy and consistent with all other markets. We’ll watch it closely, but we’re certainly ready and prepared to support those industries if and when we begin to see specific lifts because of that.
Kurt Barton: Yes. Thanks for the questions, two of them there. I’ll just reiterate what Hal and I have talked about in regards to the comp performance and how that plays out for the year. Certainly, as we exceeded our expectation or coming off of strong Q1 performance, as you roll that through the year. And we’ll continue to say as we have the last two years, we are managing this business through multiple scenarios. You could have comp sales at the high end of our guidance range. It’s one quarter into the year as we see the rest of the year. We’ve got good momentum in the business. And so, as you play that out, we recognize that as you flow this through, this could be towards the high end of our guidance range. And as we’ve even indicated, it’s early to predict on levels of inflation, but as inflation persists, it even puts upward pressure on that. And at this point, the best we can do is tell you how we view the business and how we’re managing that. And then, in regards to our new store openings, I’ll start by saying we are -- we have no concerns in regards to opening of new stores. We have confidence in our ability to hit our 70 to 80 stores this year. We’ve got a solid track record of opening 70, 80 stores. Our process is solid. Our pipeline for new stores is really strong right now. And construction is not exempt from some of the challenges of supply chain, labor, et cetera. We put a lot of effort and to complete the 80 stores in the fourth quarter. And some of those scenarios that push stores out, we saw some in Q1 as well. And as those stores have been pushed out of Q1-- by the way, Q1 is our -- typically our smallest quarter of new stores. Those stores will open up in Q2, Q3. We still have a real strong pipeline and expect to hit our targets this year for new stores.
