Hal Lawton: Thanks, Kurt. Stepping back, Tractor Supply has achieved remarkable growth over the past few years and the team has done an excellent job scaling our processes, capabilities, and organization to manage this growth. Key operational areas like inventory and payroll grew materially but at a lesser rate than sales and were always in control. Key philosophies like EDLP were re-embraced and our marketing media mix shifted fully away from print to digital. And the combination of these two enabled our promotional activity to achieve all-time lows and we remain there. In addition to these efforts, we launched our Life Out Here strategy to continue the ongoing transformation of our business. This strategy helped lock-in new customers, substantiate our market share gains, and is a platform for our future growth. The timing could not have been better. At the halfway mark of 2023, it is shaping up to be a solid year for Tractor Supply on top of three extraordinary years. Our market is stable and our customers remain healthy. The team is effectively controlling what we control. As we celebrate our 85th anniversary, Tractor Supply remains a unique highly differentiated retailer. Our needs-based business model has a track record of growing through various economic conditions. As a company, we have a proven ability to manage through dynamic environments whether that is a macroeconomic or seasonal weather trends. Our customers and team members are passionate about the Out Here lifestyle and they prioritize it. Our customers over indexes homeowners, landowners, pet owners, and animal owners. As a market leader, we have substantial advantages that are getting stronger every day. Additionally, investment in our Life Out Here strategy has critical mass. The natural evolution of our real estate strategy is furthering our competitive advantages. We see meaningful growth potential in our markets. I remain extremely confident that we have a tremendous runway growth ahead of us, and with the right team and the right strategy, we're continuing to build a strong foundation for the future. With that, let's open up the call for questions.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Karen, good morning, and thanks for joining the call. On your first part of the question, a bit to my comments earlier, we see this period of time as a bit of an aberration versus our kind of ongoing growth algorithm. As you see in GDP and you see where PCE is going. And then you see the shift from goods to services right now. As you services historically been 68%, 69% of spend cons -- goods kind of 31%, 32%. As you know, goods kind of shifted up to say 35%, 36% during the pandemic. We're kind of halfway back on that March back to 31%. So that as we said in our prepared remarks is a bit of a headwind in our business, but certainly expect that we've got maybe halfway to go on that and then it would level back out in its normal equilibrium and would expect that our growth algorithm would return to that 1% or 2% above GDP growth in the guidance we've given historically, again, we just view this period of time as a bit of an aberration from that long-term algorithm just given the macro dynamics. And then the second thing is, yes, no, no change to the guidance so to speak that we've given on the out year certainly expect 2023 to still be our peak investment year. As you mentioned, the sale leaseback is really just a $0.20 plus or minus that'll be in every single one of our years going forward as an add or two our EPS. But expect that we'll be at our peak investment period this year and that will start to moderate down next year with an opportunity for margin expansion accordingly.
Hal Lawton: Hey Michael, good morning. Couple things. First off, I wouldn't -- I don't think it's a fair comment to say we had sales from Q1 shift into Q2. I just think given the weather and the seasonality that we had this year, we don't have any data or insights or customer purchase data that would suggest that there is any pull or kind of deferral into Q2 or weather-related kind of shifting into Q2. So I'd say that's not a something that we have to offset as you think about from a sequential perspective. The second thing I'd say is we have seen comp transactions sequentially improve throughout the quarter and continuing into Q3 and expect that that will be the case throughout the year. And on AUR as we've talked about all along, we expect that that will moderate through the year, big ticket lessens as a percent as we get through the year. So that provides a bit of a kind of mix and benefit. And then, lastly, on the UPT, we do think we're at close to the bottom of units per transaction. If you go back and look over the last 15 years at our units per transaction trends, we reached an all-time high during the pandemic as people were stocking up and consolidating their trips. We're now much closer to the -- where we were during the 2008 Great Recession and kind of reached that, that, that bottom. And so we expect that will be a lesser headwind as we move forward. So when you put those things all together that ends up with the guidance that we shared. And I think we try to be as conservative as possible on the low end and realistic as possible on the high end.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey Chuck, and good morning, and thanks for joining the call. As I think we all know in this call, this has been a question for 18, 24 months. And what I'd say is we continue to see a very healthy customer base. Our active customers were at all-time highs this quarter. We saw positive comp transactions in the quarter. And if you look at the categories that are driving the footsteps and driving our customers, it's things like pet, animal, and those are based on counts of population out there in each of those categories. And so -- and then the last thing I'd point out is our share gain. At least half of the volume that we've cap -- that we've grown over the last handful of years has been share related. And so if I point to share active customers, comp transactions, pet, animal and look at those things, it's just a very different business than many of the other companies that kind of had a pandemic benefit reverted whether it was technology-related companies that had a user base that shifted online and then pivoted back or maybe something that's home related, electronics related. We're just a very different business and don't see any elements of reversion in our customer base or business.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey Daniel, and good morning. Start out by first thing, we're very pleased with the trends we're seeing in new customers. We had record high new customers in 2020 and 2021. As we've talked about on past calls, our Neighbor -- and I mentioned our prepared remarks, the Neighbor's Club program being re-launched in April of 2021 was incredibly well timed as it allowed us to lock those new customers in. We've grown I think it's 15 million members over the last three years in our Neighbor's Club program. And we've had increased retention rates of our Neighbor's Club program each of the last few years too. So we've lost those cohorts in, they're growing with us and they're remaining active. Certainly as we got into 2022 and things balance some, we saw our new customer counts on a year over basis trend down it is that is now leveled out. And we feel really good about our new customer trends as we move forward and sequentially that should be helpful as we look at year-over-year improvements. On the Neighbor's Club program continue to be very pleased with the 31, 32 million members of Neighbor's Club that we have, our top tiers are -- has grown and we reached a record number of customers in our top tier. Retention rates remain at all-time highs and continue to improve. And our Neighbor's Club members continue to out comp our overall base. And again, that's on 75% of our sales. So as I've said several times, our customer base is very healthy, record active customers, positive comp transactions, solid trends and new customers, and feel really good as we're heading into the third quarter on our active customer base and our strength of our customer.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey Peter, and good morning. If you look back over 30 years of this company's comp growth, it's been almost equally split 50:50 between average ticket and comp transactions. And if you look really at our body of work over the last 3.5 years during the pandemic, there's definitely been periods of time of inflation, periods of time of UPT increases. But when you look at it collectively, it's about 50:50 comp transactions and average ticket. And that's just the formula that has really just kind of always been there in our historical numbers. And our expectation as that we -- as we navigate the current economy that we're operating in and consumer behaviors that we will migrate back to that historical blend as we kind of exit this year and move into next year. And there's going to be some ins and out, as we said in the second half of this year where we expect UPT, the headwind there to kind of level out as we get towards the end of the years. And we expect AUR to kind of come down. Those will work a little bit in together, big ticket becomes a lesser portion of sales. And so we get that mixed benefit there. And that all works out to an okay average ticket. We're seeing comp transactions increase that kind of balances a little bit right now and ends up delivering on the kind of implied guidance that we have for the second half of the year. And on the comp transactions, as I said, we had all-time record active customers this quarter. Our active customer base grew this past quarter. Their shopping is more frequently. We're seeing them do a little bit of deconsolidation of their trips as Kurt mentioned. But we're also gaining significant share in footsteps. And in categories like pet food where we continue to take substantial share, we're really viewed as kind of a value play, almost a warehouse like model. I mean, our average pet food bag size is 35 pounds, and that's very different than say, pet specialty and others. And if you look at a price per pound basis, I mean, we can be as good as 20%, 25%, 30%, advantage on a price per pound basis. And so we're just that naturally drives footsteps in our store. So the mix will evolve a little bit throughout the balance of this year, but we've certainly bought it all through and expect that over time it'll revert back to its historical performance of kind of a 50:50 blend.
Hal Lawton: Yes. Hey, Brian, and good morning. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the seasonal business was kind of on expectations in the months of April and May. We had talked about that in our earnings calls for Q1 and given kind of a quarter-to-date perspective on that. And also just our commentary through the quarter publicly. And then June, as I mentioned, we saw significant underperformance in our seasonal business. And it -- that was really the bulk of our myth for the entire quarter was our seasonal business in the month of June. As I mentioned, it was a topsy-turvy quarter particularly in the month of June with all the various environmental conditions that were out there. But to your point, we did see bright spots at moments in time throughout the quarter as well as certain parts of the geography. As an example, the kind of 10 days leading up to Memorial Day were very good from a seasonal perspective and a total business perspective as the sun shine was kind of out almost across the entirety of the country. And we had a really good 10-day run there. Historically you see something like that for at least a few weeks of the spring, we just only had that kind of short period. But if you look in the Southeast, in the South Atlantic, as Kurt called out, we had excellent performance there. From time to time in the both Texas home and the Far West, when we had good seasonal performance, we had strong -- I mean, we had good weather, we had seasonal performance there. And then as Kurt called out some of our underperforming regions around the Midwest and the Northeast, I mean, the Midwest went straight from winter to drought. And in the month of June, it rained 21 days in the Northeast. And so those were dominant, those were large contributors to the underperformance in the month of June. So anyway, that's just a little bit of more depth and commentary there, Brian.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Zach, and good morning, and very perceptive. First off, I'd say on the comp, it's hard to calculate that both given the magnitude of the comps that we had in that period. But what I would -- given the magnitude of the comp, but what I would say is we can absolutely look at the 15 million Neighbor's Club members that we've added over the last few years and when they started to shop with us and how we locked them in using the Neighbor's Club program. And I've spoken to that many times. But we feel great about the cohorts from that first revision of our Neighbor's Club program. As we look ahead, there's a lot of -- we've been getting a lot of feedback from our customers and we can make it even better in the next -- in the next version. Doing some things to uniquely call out certain characteristics of customers if they're say a horse owner or say a military veteran, what can we do to better tailor that when they self-identify? There's also some things we can do on our rewards and maybe bite sizing the rewards up to giving some $5 rewards instead of always $10 rewards. We're also looking at a way to add, say, a fourth perhaps even the fifth tier. We -- as we mentioned, we've got our largest number of highest value customers ever. How do we actually take it up another tier and even give further rewards for those that are in that tier. So looking at a lot of ways to again it's -- that program locks our customers in. It encourages spin and encourage migration. It really encourages purchasing on big ticket and then redemption on the queue businesses. We're just looking for ways to reinforce that more and also make it more personable for our customers. And the team's hard to work on it, and we have more detail on it. We look forward to sharing it.
Kurt Barton: Hey Scot, this is Kurt. Good morning. And the real estate model as you think about the opportunity that we have to drive a strong performance of new stores that we've seen since there's a structural shift in the tailwinds into the rural economy, into our markets, the new stores are performing well. We -- as John mentioned, we built a real estate team that is ready to begin to ramp back up to a 90-ish new store. The sale leaseback of existing stores fits right in with that. We're an asset light model. Do not believe owning stores fits, which is why we have over 95% of our stores under a lease. And over time, 30 plus years, we've accumulated not strategically a number of owned stores. There's a bit of pent-up value in these stores, and it's a great time right now to use those stores to fuel and be able to keep a cash neutral value to execute on a strategy that allows us to even further drive new stores, bring efficiency in the new store model. So I look at those, we look at those very much tied in between as a great way to fund a model that drives greater long runway, greater TSR in the overall long-term algorithm. And I really keep both of those very much tied together as part of a key part of our operations.
Kurt Barton: Hey Seth, this is Kurt. I'll take the first part of that question and I'll let Seth answer the second part in regards to the reinvestment of any margin. The performance on an operating margin standpoint for the second half on a gross margin standpoint will be very similar to second quarter. We continue to see, and as we signaled and guided at the beginning of the year, we have strong performance from everyday low pricing. We expect to continue to see transportation being the biggest benefit in fueling of the gross margin expansion. As a reminder, over the two years where transportation costs were pressured, we absorbed most of that and this is anticipating somewhat transitory. We're getting the return on that in 2023. On an SG&A standpoint, what really -- that's really the big difference in say the second half as you're observing, we expect Q3 on an SG&A standpoint, excluding the sale leaseback benefit to perform very similar to Q2 in that 70, 80 basis points deleverage principally from the investments in the business, but Q4 really has the best compares. And so in line with what we expect to go into the year when you look back at the fourth quarter of last year where while we had robust sales, we had increased cost in repairs from the storm, we had Orscheln acquisition transition, we had higher incentive compensation. We are lapping that and we expect in the fourth quarter, excluding the benefit from any sale leaseback to really still only have a modest level of SG&A deleverage principally on the compares. So if you hold the gross margin, you get better performance on SG&A. It's really about how well we're managing to spend. And I also can't ignore that the team has done an excellent job scaling the cost, leveraging investments we made, we are seeing significant efficiencies, even SG&A on the distribution and supply chain side of the business driving lower cost and some efficiencies beyond our expectations. With that, Seth, I'll -- maybe you can address the second part of that question.
Kurt Barton: Hey Peter, this is Kurt. The new real estate model, one of the many things that we're excited about is not only does it give us the long runway, but to your point, move from 70 to 90 stores a year. It's driving incremental sales. Those new stores have the -- expected to have the consistent tailwind into the comps. We believe this new real estate strategy not only gives us a longer runway, but really strengthens the long-term algorithm, gives us more confidence in that and bolsters the higher end of that. Mid-year through the year, we typically don't and aren't adjusting our long-term guidance we certainly will factor all of that in along with the outlook for 2024 as we report on our Q4 earnings, typically refreshing any adjustments to our long-term targets at this point. But we're excited about what it does for the long-term algorithm and the overall total shareholder return.
Kurt Barton: Hey, Steven, this is Kurt. Appreciate the question. The -- as we talked about when Brian asked the question on Q2, I'll go back to the fact that a bit of Q2's performance, you have to acknowledge that as we saw some differentiation between some of the geographies that indicates weather was a contributor, but even in some of the strong geographies and across all that we saw a pullback on some of the discretionary. We are going into the second half acknowledging that, that it's a different seasonal period of time, particularly in the Q4. We plan for base weather. We do not plan for more favorable weather. And at this point on the seasonal categories, unless, we look at it as base and unless there's a strong demand for our product because of a shift in weather seasonal, the consumer on some of the discretionary items is a little bit more prudent on that today. And then also we acknowledge, as I mentioned, some of the impulse in discretionary category. So we anticipate that the consumer behavior is in line with the first half of the year. We're taking a reasonable prudent approach there. And then we're also factoring in the strong winter storm that we had in the fourth quarter that we're lapping up against. But underpinning all of that is a strength in our year-round core business running in the mid-single-digits. Comp transactions still performing strong at this point, and we've got a really good healthy customer. Hal mentioned some of the shifts that we've seen, UPT coming off some of its highs as you revert back to the mid-single-digits, it's really a matter of UPT and the consumer coming off of the cycle as we've seen in the last couple quarters and really having more strength in the size of their basket and the demand for the discretionary. And we could be a couple quarters away from that. And we factor that into our guidance. Our guidance is reasonable. We're not factoring in a favorable shift in the consumer or a strong shift in favorable weather. It's taken all those factors that we've seen year-to-date as well as some of the headwinds in the second half.
