Kurt Barton: Hey, Zach, this is Kurt. Good morning. In regards to the comp sales performance, I'll point back to some of the things I mentioned on our prepared remarks. For the fourth quarter, the best way to look at it is start with the backdrop that when we look at the seasonal performance, the challenge is about an extremely mild fourth quarter going up against an Arctic storm of last year, there's 400 basis points of pressure. October and November were unseasonably warm as well. So you've got negative low single-digits generally consistent when you normalize for the December storm across all of the months. And all of that principally in the weather-related categories that I pointed out on the call. So as I mentioned, the fourth quarter ran consistently with the trend rates of the third quarter. Our consumable or needs-based business continues to be running solid, especially the year-round non-seasonal-related categories, the strength in all of our feed and food, the confidence that we have comes from examples such as livestock feed, equine feed, poultry feed, wildlife supplies, cat and dog running unit positive comps in the fourth quarter. Some of that up against the last year pantry filling that happens in the last week of the year against that storm. So you could see the traffic that we get from the consumables, the stability of the core of our business running really strong. So we still have that and care that confidence that our customers are shopping us just as consistent as they were before. We have growth in active customers, Neighbor's Club contributing more. All of those are the drivers of the consistency of the business.
Kurt Barton: Yeah. Hey, Kate, this is Kurt. I'll take those. On wage rate growth, we are anticipating wage rate growth, slightly above the historical average is pre-pandemic. It varies across different areas of the business. But I'd center around a 3% to 4% range wage rate growth. We continue to see strong, solid workforce, unemployment continues to be low. Our culture, our teams continue to have all the success with hiring, but it's appropriate to anticipate that you'd be at that level of wage rate growth. In regards to incentive compensation, we're incentivized at all levels of the organization. In 2023, our performance from top and bottom line did underperform our original expectations. And so there was some modest leverage in 2023. So if you look at 2024, what's factored into our guidance into our SG&A is some normalization of incentive comp gives a modest 10 or 15 basis point deleverage, but that's all considered in the guidance that I gave.
Kurt Barton: Yeah, Jason, this is Kurt. I'll answer that question. On my prepared remarks, I was very specific on that on what is really driving our new store productivity. So I want to point everyone back to that. We continue to see the Tractor Supply consistent, strong new store productivity. 2023 ran at 67% new store productivity. The 80 stores that we plan for 2024 are expected to be coming out the gates very consistent in the same way and our new store maturation process of a four to five year 65% to 70% new store productivity is where we target and we expect 2024 with the strong pipeline that we've got, we believe an excited -- just as we have in 2023 about what these new stores will produce.
Kurt Barton: Yes. I'll give you a couple of points, Peter, on that. First, we've considered the micro strategic drivers, the macro favorable or unfavorable pressures for this year. We've given a guidance range, albeit slightly larger on the top and bottom line than we historically have that recognizes we're in a time of uncertainty. And so we believe all of those scenarios, any plausible, reasonable scenarios have been factored into our guidance. So we don't see likelihood outside of the downside of the guidance that we've given. That said, inside the guidance range, even outside of the guidance range, I'd point that the EBIT margin movement within sales range is not linear. And there's a number of factors, certainly with the level of gross margin or what might be a factor that's driving the low end of the range. A deflationary environment, for example, gives us upside on margin rate. So I would not point to any linear and even outside of the range when you start considering incentive comp and other things, it's not linear as well.
Kurt Barton: Yes, sure. Why don't I start with that, Scot, on the comp, and then I'll toss it to set a little bit on the performance of Garden Centers, some of the 2024 drivers, et cetera. Our expectation and how we've modeled in our long-term targets is still the same as our expectations for 2024. As we continue to add Garden Centers roughly 150 to 200 of those a year. And you get from Fusion and Garden Center mid-single-digit to high single-digit on combo lift as those mature in year one and then a lower benefit in like year two, but still a benefit over the chain, that roughly plays into our algorithm, and we would anticipate for this year to play similar to that the Fusion Garden Center initiative is driving -- give or take some roughly one point of comp in our guidance range. And Neighbor's Club is another initiative that's driving consumers to spend up the tiers, more transactions, getting more of their share of wallet is another driver. So just kind of pointing out the two biggest strategic initiative drivers, and then I'll toss it over to Seth, maybe to talk a little bit about what's driving the garden centers.
Kurt Barton: Yes, Chuck, this is Kurt. The Orscheln conversion went very well. All stores converted, as we mentioned, to the Tractor Supply brand. The first six to nine months of -- since the acquisition was a transition, a lot of noise through that. We now have them all branded Tractor Supply. The team is engaged. We've got the Tractor Supply products and services, our Tractor Supply, feed and food brands. And when we begin to cycle that in second quarter where we converted all over we do anticipate to see much like a new store maturation, perhaps we'll learn it in a similar type maturation curve, but we anticipate and have baked into our guidance some new store maturation type comp benefit from those 81 stores as well. And how it compares? We anticipate these markets from our real estate study that there is upside to the historical performance in those stores to be able to run in line with Tractor Supply averages. Albeit we've said it's very much in line with like a Midwest tractor supply average, which is a bit below the overall tractor supply average store level. So there's room to have these grow over time. And we're excited about our ability to capture new customers, bring them into Tractor Supply in these stores. And so overall, for 2024, even into 2025, we believe much like a new store, there's a benefit from the maturation.
Kurt Barton: Yeah. Peter, I'll start with your first part of your question in regards to what our assumption is on a neutral deflation. Roughly neutral deflation for the year overall is what we see, give or take, I mean, give or take in our ranges, plus or minus one impact on retail AURs. As Hal mentioned, I think, in one of the other questions earlier, as we've rolled back off the peaks of 2022 throughout 2023 on a lot of the commodity deflation. A vast majority of that occurred throughout 2023 during these cycles. And these are fast turning SKUs in feed and food. So these -- these prices are already in our retail prices. First half of the year may have some exposure as a year-over-year lap on that. As we had slight net deflation in Q4, there could be and assumed in our guidance, some slight in the first half of the year. The second half of the year could be neutral or actually slightly positive. So we've considered each of those scenarios, but we really don't see a wide range in there. And I demonstrated that in regards to like corn, where it's 35% below the highs of 2022, and that happened throughout 2023. There's 10 or 15 points of difference between the pre-pandemic levels. And so there's really not much movement left in a commodity, and that commodity is a small percent ingredient in a small or a portion of our products that we offer. In comparison to 2015, it's all about what's structural. In 2015, we were coming off of years where oil prices, steel prices, grains were coming off of highs, and they completely flipped. In this case, the commodities hit the early peaks in 2021 and 2022 and all the structural nature, which is a bigger portion, such as wage rates, operating cost, et cetera, are really begin to get embedded in 2022 and 2023. And this structural. So I think it's a very different scenario. And there's limited risk that we see, if anything, it's a small level, and we believe adequately considered in our guidance.
Kurt Barton: Joe, this is Kurt. I'll quickly just affirm what our -- was assumed in our guidance and then let Seth give you the answer about why we're assuming that for 2024. But we do believe that big ticket should be in line with our overall guidance range for the year. That's as you see that, that's relatively flattish at the midpoint to slightly favorable. And we're going up against two consecutive years of negative big ticket comps. So it has a lot to do about the compares. And in 2022, we were coming off of all of the stimulus spending in 2023. There's a bit of a swing off of durable goods into services and some of the weather-related pressures. And in 2024, we're cycling that and we've got some great offers, some new innovations that I know Seth can speak to.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Chris, thanks for joining the call this morning. Yeah, on weather, I think as we reflect on last year, we had a lot of discussion on weather times felt like we're playing meteorologists. And I think we just decided to be prudent as we look at this year, not look at whether it's potential upside or downside as we called out, there's a number of other factors that could also influence our sales as the year progresses whether that be the agriculture market, oil, housing, et cetera. And instead, we just chose to focus on for the purposes of our guidance and range of outcomes this year, really the factors that we think are going to have the most influence on our sales as we can see it right now, which are our continued market share gains, offsetting the shift still in consumer spending from goods to services, as well as disinflation, which is dominantly a first half issue. And then as it relates to competitive encouragement, I'd say we really haven't seen anything different in competitive activity for the foreseeable past. So it's been really, for the last -- since COVID, the competitive activity has been pretty stable, pretty rational. Our share gains continue to -- we continue to take share in the market, and really haven't seen anything out of the ordinary from a competitive perspective, whether that be in our farm and ranch -- core farm and ranch competitors or the multitude of other national retailers that we compete against as well.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Michael, good morning. Two things I'll hit on this. First is the long-term structural nature of our gross margin, and then I'll speak to the assumptions implied in 2024. On the long-term structural nature, there's two big shifts that I want to remind folks about that really have transferred rate out of gross margin and expense out of gross margin and into SG&A. The first one of those is our field activity support team. As we've mentioned, it's nearly a 1,800-person team that where the expense falls in our SG&A, but the offsetting support provided by our vendors falls in gross margin. As we've talked about that several times in the past, that's roughly in the neighborhood of 40 to 50 basis points of shift. Secondly, I would call out the continued transformation of our supply chain. From 2018 to 2023, our stem miles have reduced by 20%. And that basically means a truck going from a DC to a store. And so the impact of that is reduced freight cost on a like-for-like volume and rate basis versus, say, 2018, but there's obviously operating costs embedded in our G&A to run the two DCs we've opened since then and the 11 mixing centers that we've opened since then. That is a benefit of roughly 60 to 70 basis points of the delta there. So when you add the fast difference and you add the supply chain difference kind of, call it, 75% of the gross margin difference that you quoted that 150 basis points is structural in nature and really a shift from SG&A to gross margin rate. Now looking forward, I would say the balance that you see there in gross margin rate, I would attribute to our scale. As we talked about, we're almost double the size of the business that we were in 2018 when I quoted those stem miles. And that's accorded us the ability to obviously manage and run the business more productively, whether that's in freight and our negotiations with our freight providers or whether that's getting credit for our scale with our primary COGS vendors. As it relates to this year, we do see continued benefit in the freight market, particularly in the first half of the year, and we've talked about that, particularly in the back half of last year and also in the first and second quarter some, but we do see continued freight benefit. Also, as we've talked about in Q3 and Q4, and we also mentioned in our prepared remarks, we have been working very closely with our vendors on cost and have been rolling that cost where we've seen commodity prices come down and other cost impacts moderate or reduce. We started that work, as we mentioned in past earnings calls, really in the summer time and the impact of those cost reductions are forecasted in our margin rate assumptions that Kurt laid out in his prepared remarks. The last thing I'll mention is just on competition. We are as priced strongly in the market right now as we've been ever. And we have a number of initiatives that we have in place to really make sure we stand for value in the marketplace on our key, kind of, value indicating SKUs out there and feel really good about our price position and don't see any encroachment from competition just the same competitive intensity that we've seen over the last few years.
Hal Lawton: Broad-based, I'd just say, retail, in general, is rebounding some of the big ticket, and we could definitely see that as we approach kind of November and December.
Hal Lawton: Hey, Michael, it's Hal. Thanks for the question. I'd just say it's certainly, we saw some benefit from the weather in the first three weeks of January, really the second and third week, but January is our smallest month of the year, smallest month of the quarter. And the thing that the month that's really going to determine our comps for Q1 is going to be March. We are, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, very excited about our spring setup this year. We've got our most innovation in the last three or four years now that kind of the supply chain disruptions and all those things have been worked through. Our vendors have been able to really spend the last year getting their innovation pipeline restarted. Our in-stock rates and our spring sets are back to the expected 95% plus that we historically have set at, and we feel great about spring. We're optimistic about Q1, as Kurt said, we're certainly expecting a positive comp. We're off to a good start with the month of January behind us. But really, the most important thing that we're focused on is having a win in March.
Seth Estep: Yes. Thanks, Kurt. Thanks, Scot, for the question. Scot, first, I'll just start with as we think about our garden center initiative, just the size of the addressable market there is over $20 billion. And as we know, it's a place where our customers participated, where they didn't necessarily look at us as their first and primary destination for those categories, and we believe we have significant share opportunities as we look at the lawn and garden segment. Over the course of the last three years, as Kurt has mentioned, we have really been focused on driving scale to build out our grower base and then build to the 450-plus garden centers where we'll be entering spring, which we really believe this is the year that the team is really going to be able to drive some sales. As we go into spring with those 450, I mean, obviously, we're focused on winning those spring categories as well as building out both fall and our winter seasonal related areas to make sure that we can leverage and maximize that footprint. Not just in the spring season, but also in the 12 months of the year. So, very excited about the work that the team has been doing, very excited about the size of the prize there, and I think this is the year which really all going to come together. We built scale and how those programs are going to be hitting stores.
Seth Estep: Hi, Seth, this is Seth. Relative to our companion animal business, we remain very excited about the opportunity that we have in companion animal and we've continued over the years to manage through multiple cycles and have a track record of this. What I'd say like relative to comp, companion animal continues to be a comp driver for us in both units as well as top line. When you look at trends in the industry, approximately for our customers, approximately 75% of our customers own a pet, and about half of those that own more than one pet. And so just structural to our customer base in general, it's an area that we are highly committed to. We believe you think about like our convenient locations, our team members, our omnichannel capabilities, our robust and differentiated assortments. We see those as all competitive advantages in the pet space, and we continue to take market share there. And we believe we have substantial market share opportunities ahead, both in 2024 and beyond with our existing customer base, as well as the new customers that are out there. So companion animal in general for us, it remains a healthy business, and it's something that we were confident in taking share in the years to come.
Seth Estep: Yeah. Thanks, Kurt. Yeah, so as Hal mentioned in his prepared remarks, we've got a lot of newness and innovation coming, particularly in our big ticket categories, also as we lap some of the easier compares that Kurt just mentioned, whether it be the Toro havoc that's going to be exclusive to us that Hal mentioned, a whole new grill lineup that we continue to expand basically an exclusive lineup of trailers to Tractor Supply, where we are definitely a destination, safe. As we look ahead, we believe can be a driver for us and then finally, I'd just say as the team and as we mentioned in prepared remarks, our private label credit card that we've been able to lean into to drive some volume as it comes to big ticket has also been strong.
