Steven Kandarian: Thanks, Rob. I would like to review some key components of our investment results for the quarter. First, let me begin with the variable investment income. Pretax variable investment income for the third quarter was $292 million, which is $92 million above the top of the planned range that I provided on Investor Day. This is primarily driven by strong private equity returns across our global portfolio. We are currently seeing similar private equity funds take advantage of improving market conditions to accelerate realizations, which is leading us to believe that barring any unforeseen market events, variable income should remain strong throughout the rest of the year. Now let me cover investment portfolio gains and losses. Gross investment losses for the third quarter were $215 million. Gross investment gains were $212 million and write-downs were $98 million for a net investment loss of $101 million. These levels are in line with the past several quarters, and we believe are modest given the current economic environment. Gross unrealized losses on fixed maturity and equity securities were $4.8 billion, down from $10.8 billion at year end. For the quarter, gross unrealized gains increased $5.5 billion to $19.7 billion as interest rates and credit spreads declined. For example, the 10-year U.S. Treasury note declined 46 basis points and spreads for investment grade corporate credit declined approximately 20 basis points. Overall, the fixed maturity and equity securities portfolio was a net unrealized gain position of $14.8 billion at quarter end, a dramatic improvement from a $24.4 billion net unrealized loss just six quarters ago. As to our commercial mortgage portfolio, as Rob mentioned, the loan-to-value of our portfolio improved again this quarter to 67%, down from 68% last quarter as valuations continued to improve in markets in which we invest. Our commercial mortgage valuation allowance declined by $48 million to $573 million. Approximately $20 million of the decline was a reduction in our FAS 5 general reserve due to improved market conditions. The remaining decline is largely due to the resolution of certain delinquent loans in our U.S. portfolio. Total delinquent commercial mortgage loans decreased to $8 million from $137 million last quarter, with no delinquencies in our U.S. portfolio at the end of the third quarter. The decrease in delinquencies was driven by one loan being paid off at 98%, and the transfer of a high-quality property to our real estate equity portfolio. I should caution that our delinquency numbers will fluctuate over time as challenges remain in the commercial real estate market. Nevertheless, we believe that we will continue to maintain relatively low loss levels and outperform the overall market. Finally, let me comment on our cash position, which increased from $20.4 billion last quarter to $26.1 billion this quarter. The vast majority of this increase can be attributed to the cash that we are holding for our ALICO purchase. In addition, cash collateral balances relating to our derivative counterparties increased. Excluding the impact of these two factors, our cash position remains consistent with second quarter levels and is down approximately $4 billion since Investor Day, as we reinvested into higher-yielding assets. In summary, we believe that our portfolio remains well positioned for the current economic environment. With that, I will turn the call over to Bill Wheeler.
Steven Kandarian: I'm not going to comment on Ameriprise, I refuse. But I will say this, we'll do our normal DAC unlocking study that we do in the fourth quarter. We'll obviously do that again in this quarter. And I would say the following. We do see persistency improving in our Variable Annuity business and that shouldn't surprise anybody, frankly, given where interest rates are and where the stock market is. I don't believe that's going to cause us to change our DAC amortization policy or the period of time, just for everybody's benefit. We would amortize variable annuity back over 20 years. And in our fixed annuity DAC, we would amortize I think also over 20 years. But the way that works is there's a rate guarantee in your deferred annuity contract and what we assume is a pretty big -- when the rate guarantee comes off, that DAC model would assume a pretty big shock labs, something like crudely 50%. And so most of the DAC is very -- ammortization would be very front-end loaded. But if people stay, then the rest of it would run out to 20 years. So that's sort of our policy, and I don't really expect that to change.
Steven Kandarian: I think part of what's driving the returns this year relates to sales driven by improved capital markets around sub debt and below investment grade debt. That's allowing firms to either sell other businesses to other PE firms or industry players or do refinancings and dividending out. So those markets I think are driving a lot of that and people are searching for yield right now as yields are so low. So as of now at least, those markets are quite robust in helping returns. There's also some valuations being done, but are showing improvements based upon higher equity pricing across the board. And that's really taking some very low valuations of a couple of years ago during the crisis and kind of moving them up on the equity methods. Those two things I think are keys. The third probably is concern by people in the private equity world about their tax rates. So accelerating some profits now before their personal tax rates may go up based upon the tax treatment of carried interest. How much of that will go on into 2011? We're still doing some work on that. I'll have some numbers for you on Investor Day. We'll provide you probably a range again like we did last year. We're finalizing those numbers now so I'm reluctant to kind of give out an estimate before we finish our work.
Steven Kandarian: It depends on policy issues around tax and what happens in terms of Congressional action on that issues. So I think that's going to unfold over the coming months.
C. Henrikson: So just for everybody's benefit, we filed an 8-K a month or so ago which said that in 2011, sort of given the current interest rate environment, we expected that to impact operating earnings by $0.20 a share. Now the way we came up with that calculation, most of that $0.20 is from investment spread compression. But we also did factor in at least a preliminary estimate on how our pension costs might change. And obviously, that will get trued up at year end, given where the stock market is and frankly, where the interest rates are on December 31 because that's how the math works on the pension cost. So that was factored in, Nigel. We did not consider impacts to what I would say top line issues, which are obviously a little harder to quantify. And the most obvious impact of that is where our pension closeout sales which are soft now, and I suspect we don't think we're going to get meaningfully better next year until interest rates start to improve. So that's most of the issue. FX is actually having -- you saw a varied strong decline in the value of the dollar versus the yen and the euro this quarter. And the FX impact for international is actually quite modest. I mean, it's a gain but it's less than $0.01. Now with ALICO, that will change and the FX impact will be more pronounced. And so if you think about it, what that really means is ALICO's earnings expressed in dollars are probably going to be stronger, all things considered than we originally estimated because when we announced the deal, we assumed one set of exchange rate and the dollar has weakened since then. So ALICO's earnings impact is going to be better. Now we don't really take the spot rate right now. We look at the, I guess, what we consider to be the forward exchange rate, which where the dollar I think is expected to rally a little bit. So the impact may not be as significant as you might first think. But that will obviously get -- we'll obviously kind of wrap that all up on our guidance for 2011 on Investor Day.
C. Henrikson: I agree with you and I'm glad you stated it the way you did. We're really quite pleased at the way we've been able to exit our JV in Japan, both for us and quite frankly for our JV partner. This of course from our point of view gives us, as I mentioned in my comments, the ability without any distraction to focus 100% on our ALICO business in Japan and that's a good thing. Relative to variable annuity appetite, I think everyone expects from me somewhat of the same comment about variable annuity, and it's the same worldwide as it would be in the United States. And that is we think that there is a terrific need in the savings arena for the type of products and services we can provide, both from the standpoint of the accumulation of assets and the creation of income for Life. We think that's very important. At the same time, we've always said, we do not want to become overly dependent on any one product for our financial health. And I would include variable annuities in that statement, so that the growth opportunities for us worldwide, it varies by country to country. I don't think you would see our growth being driven, for example, 100% by variable annuity sales anywhere. But we do see significant opportunities relative to ALICO. As I've mentioned, our first focus is on bringing home exactly the business that we analyzed and we love so much, the Accident Life Insurance and so forth. In addition to that of course, we bring competencies to the ALICO family that they were in some cases precluded from using because of their sister companies at AIG and so forth. And so, we very excited about it. We love the Variable Annuity business. We're not in love with it, but it is a very attractive product for our customers worldwide.
C. Henrikson: Well, I don't want to go to a long explanation of how in love I have been and whether or not that answer would meet major expectation. But look at it this way. We have been very, very focused on return on capital and the returns we can get relative to our breadth of products and services that can both increase our ROE, increase our margins and have the best use of capital for the company. And so that's basically the answer. I am definitely in love with anything that can deliver that kind of result to our shareholders.
C. Henrikson: I'll start with ALICO earnings accretion. Again, just for everybody's benefit, when we did our financings in August, we refreshed the guidance we gave. We said expected to be $0.40 to $0.45 accretive in 2011. Interest rates were pretty low then. I think they're actually a little lower now, and I think probably the dollar is a little weaker. I'm not sure those quite offset each other, but they obviously they're doing that. In terms of the purchase accounting, well again, we did revised purchase accounting when we did the financings in August. Now that we're going to close the deal very soon, we will put out some revised purchase accounting in an SEC filing, I guess later in November. So you'll get to see the math as it currently stands. It's interesting. It's complex, okay? But the punchline is that you will see some changes in the VOBA, in goodwill balances. A little bit more of the purchase place will end up getting pushed to goodwill versus VOBA. That has the effect of probably improving earnings accretion. So directionally, in terms of reported earnings accretion it's probably, there's upward pressure. And so that's all good I think.
C. Henrikson: Well, it's a great question. Actually, yes, it's coming from other geographies, and the capital levels in those other geographies are frankly quite good. And then weather comes to the U.S. holding company or sits in some sort of international holding company, it is all about the tax regime in a given country and it's all over the map. As you know, I think Japan dividends can come back to the U.S. holding company because the Japan corporate tax rate is basically the same as the U.S. corporate tax rate, I think people know that. But in other geographies, the policy differs.
C. Henrikson: Mark, this Rob. I would just add Bill's answers right on across the board. One thing I would just remind everyone because we've said before, even though on variable annuities we may not meet our target rate, we're still exceeding the cost of capital on that business. So it's not like we're writing Variable Annuity product without adding value to the enterprise. That maybe goes without saying, but I think I would have to say it anyway.
C. Henrikson: Jeff, just real quick. This is Rob. On the retained asset accounts, there's really nothing to report in terms of change of activity relative to regulatory and that sort of thing. I would say that, as I mentioned on the last call, we have a very, very, very high level of customer satisfaction with those accounts. And our cash flows would indicate that they're even more satisfied than they've been in the past. So other than that, there's really nothing to add at this point.
C. Henrikson: Yes. Remember, to get in the account, you have to pass away. So we don't have an open account for deposits, but retention is actually drifting a little bit higher than it has been in the past.
William Wheeler: John, it's Bill. You want the answer, or you want the answer on the regulatory one first? We're just about there. I mean, we had to get, as you know, a large number of regulatory approvals. We've got just about all of them at this point. And we fully anticipate that we will have all of them, and we will close on November 1.
William Wheeler: Look, our expectation is, is that we will pay dividends out of ALICO in 2011, probably later in the year. And I would say that capital level -- I mean, we expressed RBC ratios -- we talk about an RBC ratio for ALICO and we talk it will be at 400 or comfortably above 400. And when we actually do the final audits of the opening balance sheet when we buy the business, we'll know exactly what it is. But I think the punchline is that the capital levels of ALICO are quite attractive. And so we'll be able to pay out a very healthy dividend out of ALICO in late 2011. The question, Mark (sic) [John], is really will we be able to give anything out of Japan in 2011 just because sort of wrinkles how the regulatory issues will work there. And I don't think there's anything new to say other than we think ALICO Japan is very well capitalized, but it could very well be a couple of years before we'll be able to pay dividends out of it. And obviously, that'll be a subject of ongoing discussions with the regulator there. The money is there. It's a matter of what would the dividend end out of in 2011. We just don't know yet.
William Wheeler: Yes, the answer is complicated but I'll take you through it. We're selling our interest at below where we have it reported on our books. But we're actually not going to close the deal until the first part of next year. So the accounting for this sale is actually sort of in two steps. And so if you collapse, maybe the most useful way to think about it is let's collapse the two steps and I'll give you sort of the net impact. We'll ultimately have to record an after-tax loss on the sale of this of about $60 million and on the sale price of $275 million. Now you'd think well, that's not good. But that $60 million really has more to do with the fact to how we allocated goodwill in the Travelers acquisition five years ago than it has with really the economics of this transaction. We actually expect this transaction to be modestly accretive from an EPS point of view, and we're very pleased with the valuation we received. So there's a little of impairment but that frankly had to do with purchase accounting five years ago than sort of the reality of the situation today.
William Wheeler: Yes, Andrew, it's Bill. That's a really serious question, and I think I'd hesitate to give an off-the-cuff answer. I think we'll do our best on Investor Day to really kind of talk through that issue with people if it stays low for a long time. But I would say a couple of things. One is, these interest rate flows that we have that we're benefiting from today, obviously, and really are quite a good hedge against this problem. Those are going to be -- the very first one of those I think expires in late in late 2014. And most of them, often they go into 2015 and '16. So those are going to help us or be there to help us for a very long time and that's a good thing. The second question is obviously, it is an earnings drag if things stay that low and for long period of time. And yes, I do think that will make hitting our long-term ROE targets much more challenging. But the other kind of a little bit of a subjective wildcard is this, if we really get convinced that interest rates are going to stay low for a long time, we will start managing the business differently. And I think the answer is absolutely. But how do you quantify that in terms of the numbers, I'm not really sure I can really do today. So I think those are two things to keep in mind as we think about this potential issue.
William Wheeler: The cash at the hold co will be $3-plus billion at year end. I think as I've said before, we don't give out an interim RBC number. We do the full calculation once a year and that's frankly what we're comfortable with. I would say this, our RBC ratio was 432 at year end 2009. It's clearly higher today. And obviously, that doesn't in take into account cash at any holding company. So we've had good statutory earnings and at the same time, there aren't any extraneous issue which affect the RBC. We don't like to give an interim number out, but it's clearly moving north.
William Wheeler: So I'll do the tax rate. So as you heard in my remarks, we've sort of moved up the effective tax rate. We started the year with a 27% effective tax rate. Given sort of various factors, we've decided to move it up to 28%. I think for MetLife, when I think about 2011, MetLife pre-ALICO probably the effective tax rate we should be thinking more about 29%. So maybe ticking up another point. It's not just, there's not one thing which is driving that. There are couple of things. Just keep in mind though, ALICO's effective tax rate, which isn't really changing, is something like 34%. And so the blended rates for the two companies will obviously be higher, the net live stand-alone. But there is a little pressure on the margin on the tax rates.
