Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. We capped off another exceptional year for Bunge with a solid fourth quarter performance. Our continued strong results speak to the flexibility of our platform and team, which, as I've said before, are built to adjust and even excel in volatile times. In this year that had more than its share of ups and downs, our team proved their ability to help our customers, both farmers and end users globally, manage risks and navigate food security issues against the backdrop of regional conflict, weather impacts and many other factors. I want to thank the team for their continued dedication to strong execution, which allowed us to build on our positive momentum and deliver our fourth consecutive year of earnings growth. We're focused on our mission and it shows in our financial results. Looking at the fourth quarter numbers. Adjusted core segment EBIT came in above last year's results, largely driven by strong performance across all regions in Refined and Specialty Oils. John will go into our results in more detail, but I want to note our performance reflects our rigorous and disciplined approach to the business, including our focus on operating costs and the returns on capital we're investing. Looking ahead to 2023, we expect the market environment to be similar to 2022, with many of the same drivers still in place, that includes a globally tight crop supply, strong demand for our core protein meal and vegetable oil products and the continued impact to global trade of commodity price volatility and supply chain disruptions. We also expect to see global demand for feedstocks and related services for renewable fuels continue to grow. Based on what we see in the market and the forward curves today, we expect full year adjusted EPS of at least $11 per share for 2023. And with that, I'll hand the call over to John to walk through the results and the outlook in more detail.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. This past year demonstrated the critical role we play in global food security and maintaining flows of crops from farmers to consumers. To ensure we can continue to deliver, we further strengthened our core business and built relationships with partners whose capabilities complement Bunge's. For example, our Origeo joint venture with UPL began operating in the fourth quarter, providing end-to-end solutions to farmers in Brazil. We also announced a partnership with BZ Group in France to strengthen our global platform by connecting with BZ's network of independent farmers to bring more opportunities and flexible solutions to them and end users globally. During 2022, we made great progress on our commitment to finding innovative, sustainable solutions in the renewable space, including our JV with Chevron, our partnership with CoverCress, and our JV with Olleco. We continue to innovating and investing in plant-based lipids and proteins at our R&D and innovation facilities, our team is working alongside customers as they create unique solutions with plant-based ingredients. We continued investing in data science and technology to better connect farmers and consumers by making our operations even more efficient in delivering real-time insights to help us manage our business. And science and technology are also key, as we continue to make great strides in our sustainability efforts. Thanks to expanding satellite monitoring, we were able to announce this week that through the Bunge sustainable partnership, we have now achieved traceability and monitoring for 80% of our indirect supply chain in the Brazilian Cerrado. This is in addition to our ability to trace 100% of direct purchases in the priority regions of South America. Improving traceability through our indirect sources of product is a critical step in meeting our industry-leading goal of achieving deforestation-free supply chains in 2025. While we're proud of the progress we've made, a more sustainable tomorrow requires everyone across the value chain to work together. Bunge's approach will continue to be grounded in solid science, proven technologies, incredible methodologies. With our critical place in the global food supply chain, we look forward to continuing to engage with other companies and organizations in the food and agricultural sectors to find new solutions, and importantly, connect with tens of thousands of farmers around the world on these critical issues. And with that, we'll turn to Q&A.
Greg Heckman: And I'd just add, we're looking at a bigger portfolio of opportunities than we've seen in a long time. And yes, some of them are going to happen and some of them aren't, but we're going to stay disciplined. I think that's the point I wanted to make.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Yes, let me start here. Yes, if you look at the outlook of at least $11, that's up $1.50 from the call we made at the same time last year. And so I think if we frame that up, it's the favorable environment that we saw in '22 is carrying in with continued strong demand for both meal and oil. We continue to see tight S&Ds, and we expect the volatility to continue here this year.  So the other thing is we've continued to get more reps in our operating model, right? We continue to improve the data transparency. And what we've got with the tight Argentine crop with the dryness there, that crop is probably going to be in the mid-30s versus 44 last years and that tightness will continue all year and the curves are reflecting that. And so as you know, in the outlook, we're always looking at the curves, and so they've given us more visibility this year because of the Argentine situation. And then we've got more done in our RSO book in both food and fuel than we did a year ago. So I think that's the visibility versus a year ago that gave us the confidence to call the at least 11 at this point.
Greg Heckman: Yes. The RS&O segment continues to be very strong. And what we saw was really driven by all regions globally. Now North America, of course, has been the big driver with what we're seeing in the renewable green diesel. But really biofuels globally continue to grow, and I think that's why we saw improvement from all regions. So the food demand has stayed strong and that is even without -- China coming out of COVID, we're starting to see a little bit of improvement in oil demand there that could improve throughout the year from a global S&D. But know, the teams continue to do a very nice job. And even on the food side, where there's been some inflation, you think about our tech services people working with customers as they reformulate to try to work with inflation. So there's just a lot going on there, both with the food and the fuel demand.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I'll start on the strategy, and I'll let John talk to the numbers. But no, look, we continue to see growth in the plant protein space. We're already serving customers with the lipids, which are the specialty fats and oils that give the taste and the mouth feel and the bite to a lot of those products. And we are on the plant protein side, we are a commodity supplier today of many of those products. So this is a natural adjacency. This is a natural valuing up of our commodity streams similar to what we're doing in [indiscernible] and some other areas. So we're a natural. We have a right to win. We can be in a cost competitive position. And frankly, we've got our customers asking for us to be there as a supplier and they want to work with us. And that's why we already did last year a multimillion dollar improvement in our innovation and R&D facility, and we're already working with customers, putting our lipids with plant proteins and developing new and different products. So we're excited about this. We've also seen as that space continues to develop, I don't think of it as not just all meats, it's all plant protein opportunities, whether it's nondairy, whether it's plant butters and that trend is in place, and it's up to the ripe. And the other thing I think we've seen shake out in the last two years is that soy is going to be the winner. And soy is going to be the winner from a cost basis, from a taste, from a functionality and frankly, that's a good outcome for Bunge.
Greg Heckman: And I think the other thing you want to keep in mind, I don't think it's specific to Bunge or even specific to this industry. It's more expensive to build things, whether it's the labor or the equipment and the interest cost or and it's taking longer to build things. But what that has done for our installed asset base, right, is keeping margins higher and it's keeping the environment stronger for a longer period of time. So I think that allows us to have the discipline, do these projects the right way and still build them. So it's probably pushed out the amount of time that we're able to kind of over earn versus the model because of the environment and then the projects will just come in a little bit later.
Greg Heckman: Yes, we definitely got less visibility into the markets outside of North America. We've got a bigger book on there with food and fuel both in North America.
Greg Heckman: And we do supply them in the commercial relationship from our entire system, not just those two assets. We were supplying them even before the JV. And so, it's a very holistic relationship.
Greg Heckman: Well, I think in total that you've got a new industry that's developing, right? And net-net, it's more demand. It's positive, the renewable green diesel. We don't think it's going to be a straight line. And I think some of the things around the IRA, everyone's trying to understand where there's leverage there for a number of things and not just around renewable green diesel, but around lower carbon opportunities because ultimately, with all of our customers in feed, food and fuel are looking for lower carbon intensity products, and we've got to find that value and drive that back to the farm gate to the producer to the farmer, the one who's ultimately going to have to make that happen with those farmer-grown crops.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Look, let me start by -- yes, we're forecasting the same way we have been, right? It's what we can see, it's what the curve show. And as we talk about calling at $1.5 higher than we did a year ago, because we do have more visibility with what's booked on the RSO side for feed and fuel as well as with the tight Argentine crop, the curves are reflecting that. And so that's given us the confidence for -- and to feel really good about the at least $11. And I think the question really is going to be around what's the size of the plus? And there are a number of moving pieces. But you look, meal and oil demand, those drivers continue to be intact, right? You've got good global poultry and pork numbers, and there's good food and fuel demand for oil. So that's in place. The sources of upside, of course, are the merchandising, right, which is always the toughest one to call. It's when we have the least visibility to. And I think that one is most driven by dislocations, tight S&Ds globally and volatility. And so that's one where we talked there is opportunity and upside for that, and that's kind of always the case in the merch, even if you remember how we talk about it in the model and how we've talked about it in the outlooks in the past. And then you've got China, right? The improved demand coming from China. We're starting to see just a little bit of that on the oil demand side, but that will be key to watch. And I think there's a lot of belief that, could come back maybe faster and stronger than some thought. And then the dislocation is not only matter to the merch business, but they matter to the crush margins, right, as we have to turn crush on to meet the customer demands in different parts of the world, and it looks right now like our crush is going to run really hard outside of everywhere, except Argentina. And then as John said, we're seeing the capital be deployed in the RD space. So, it looks like that demand will be coming online in the second half of the year in North America. And then we've got a really large Brazil crop setting up on the bean crop as well as a good corn crop. And then you've got what we believe will be a gradual build back to B15 in Brazil. So that demand coming probably starting in April and building as they kind of try to match versus inflation. So, we think the dollars are going to be there. Exactly which value chain they're going to fall in or exactly which quarter they're going to fall in, that's always different in this business. What I do have the confidence is with our geographic platform our team is that we'll capture that and that's what we've tried to continue to prove that we can do. And as I said earlier, this is a good setup for Bunge globally. We like how it's set up, and we've got to watch the crops in North America to develop and watch things continue to play out.
Greg Heckman: Thank you. So, thanks again for joining us today and for your interest in Bunge. We're really proud of the team and the performance we've delivered in 2022 and our call for '23, and we're absolutely committed to continuously improving Bunge and serving our customers. So, we look forward to speaking with you again soon.
John Neppl: Yes, I think, Adam, as we look forward and kind of back to my comments, we do expect to -- we didn't get all of the $250 million bought last year that we kind of laid out in our strategic plan. But we absolutely expect to be caught up on that this year and seek authorization for an additional plan. We are committed to share buyback. As I said, we didn't -- obviously, didn't get it done last year at the 250 level. But that is going to continue to be an important part of our allocation, and we do expect to make up some ground here in 2023.
John Neppl: Yes. Well, we're always looking at opportunities and have been for a number of years. And I think as we were in fourth quarter, looking at a lot of opportunities, we just thought it was prudent not to step into the market at that point. But again, I mean, going forward, I agree with you, we think our balance sheet is extremely strong, and we're well positioned to get more aggressive on the buyback side.
John Neppl: But I would add, Ben, that our call down next year right now is principally outside the U.S. And I think we feel very good about the S&D in the U.S. It's -- we had an exceptional year in 2022 globally. And we're not calling maybe the same level outside the U.S. is what we saw this year.  And then relative back to the -- our strategic financial plan, we knew RSO, the whole Refined and Specialty Oils business was going to over perform or perform very well here in the near term. But over time, we modeled in, in our baseline that refining premiums would decline eventually.  Now what we're seeing is projects taking longer to happen and possibly a longer runway on the strong margins that we built in ultimately. So we feel pretty good about where we are now, and we'll just watch long-term what happens with refining capacity.
John Neppl: Yes. The biggest single driver is our assumption around geographic mix. We do expect in Brazil, for example, taxable income to be much higher in 2023, and that's one of our highest-rated jurisdictions in terms of tax rate. We also had, over the last couple of years, as we've cleared off some historical audits, we've had some onetime valuation releases that impacted our effective tax rate. But it is a wide range at this point because of the mix of geography, it's sometimes a little difficult early in the year to predict, but we'll fine-tune that as we move through the year.
John Neppl: Yes. And in terms of returns, any projects like this, we look for a minimum of 12% to 15% return. So you can kind of model that in. But this project won't be completed until roughly sometime in 2025. So it's going to take a bit of time from a development standpoint, getting that all wrapped up and then getting the construction actually completed.
John Neppl: Yes. I would say the way we're looking at it right now, Tom, is when we look at the -- at least $11, I'd say our bias is a little bit skewed toward the first half of the year and then within the first half a little bit toward the first quarter. So that's kind of how I think about it, if I was laying it out. And obviously, where we think the biggest opportunity is going to be is in merchandising, and that's always difficult to predict the timing and the magnitude, but that could very well be realized a little lumpier or could be over the year kind of evenly. It's just going to depend on opportunities. But at this time, I'd bias a little toward the first half and a little bit toward first quarter inside the first half. But we will be in our first quarter will be lower than last year. We had an extremely strong last year first quarter, I think, north of $4 a share.
John Neppl: Yes, we have not yet canceled any project that we had on that list. The timing is -- we're assessing timing. We're also assessing the design of some of those projects, given the inflationary pressures, looking for value engineering ways to make it more efficient. But ultimately, that plan is still pretty much intact. I think we still feel pretty good about the timing on the commissioning down the road. So we haven't yet adjusted our long-term view on those. So at this point, we're still holding to what we had, but we'll see as we go forward.
John Neppl: Yes. Maybe one other thing to add, Tom, would be that we've been able to keep largely on track with our maintenance-type projects. And when you're in a margin environment like we are right now globally, it's important to keep your assets running smoothly. So we're pretty pleased, at least, that we've been able to stay on track and on time with all of our key maintenance projects.
John Neppl: Sure. No, you're exactly right. You've got to look at the entire global setup. And I think that's one of the things that's allowed us to perform in a variety of different situations the last few years is the great diversification and it's the best risk management is the geographical footprint of Bunge. So as we look at Argentina, you're right, the curves are going to be much lower it's going to be very stressed from a crush margins and volumes are going to be lower because of the weather, right? That crop is small all year. To your comment, you're hearing some beans moving into Argentina. We've heard those rumors as well that some people getting positioned when it's close, that they're securing supplies for safety. So I think that's how tight people think the S&Ds are going to be. What that means to the rest of the world is that we see soy margins in total going to be about the same in '23 as is in '22. We think the U.S. could be down slightly. The curve is currently down, right, versus last year, but that will continue to play out. China was a very tough last year with the COVID zero policy, and as it started to come out of COVID, we've seen a little better oil demand. We've seen the curves start to improve as well as the spot margins. So we'll watch that. That will be a key one to watch how that demand accelerates here for the balance of the year as they come out of COVID, but it definitely looks better than last year. Brazil is up versus last year, very big bean crop coming in there. And then in the EU, the curve looks better than last year. Part of that is less soybean meal imports, of course, coming out of South America and the other is we had a warm winter luckily, and we've got lower energy prices.  And that will not only benefit soy, but that lower energy costs will benefit soft as well. And if you look at soft why we're thinking about it on a year-over-year, those margins will be up versus '22 in both North America and Europe on seed supply and then on better energy outlook in Europe. So a pretty good setup really for the Bunge portfolio here as we look at '23.
John Neppl: Yes. It's certainly inflation is playing into just about everything on the CapEx side. But it's also because of the timing of some of these bigger projects and our decision to reassess some of those, it's given us an opportunity to maybe accelerate some of the maintenance work that we would have maybe pushed off for another year or two.
John Neppl: Yes. We haven't heard, our conversations with industry participants is, we haven't heard of anything around delaying projects specifically. Certainly, there have been, in the past year, some slowdowns in terms of the build, primarily driven more by the margins on the oil and gas side. But as far as we can see from our side, everybody is still committed with moving forward, as I've discussed before.
John Neppl: Yes. Look, we're pleased with the way it's been operating. But as we said before, we still don't expect to hold that long term, and we continue to look at our options there. And we -- hopefully, at some point down the road here, we have something to announce, but again, in the meantime, we're focused on running it.
John Neppl: And you're talking about overall interest expense increase, I didn't catch the first part? But yes, some of it will be, not all of it. I mean some of that is just indicative of -- when we went into 2022, three-month LIBOR was less than 0.5% and now it's hovering around 4%-or-so. So, we're starting the year on much higher rates, and so that will have an impact.  There will be some higher rates in countries where we're borrowing where we're hedging against that. So, part of that will be offset in margin, but not all of it. Some of it will just be a symptom of starting out with higher rates this year.
John Neppl: Yes, I think, look, it's a reasonably modest decline from what was a really strong record year. And I think, I wouldn't say we don't believe there's a way we could get back there. I think we're just not -- we're not forecasting it at this point. We have a little bit better visibility into the U.S. S&Ds, and we feel stronger about that remaining strong. The rest of it, we'll see. I mean we'll certainly take the opportunity if it's there, but it's just hard to forecast that at this point.
John Neppl: You Bet. Yes, Ben, when we started this JV, it was principally focused initially around the two assets, [indiscernible] that went into the joint venture. And those are performing pretty well. And -- but that was really a first step in looking at a number of opportunities for Chevron that we continue to look at. It takes time from a development standpoint to expand beyond that. But we're very actively engaged with them. I'd say it's been a great partnership. And I think we see a lot of opportunity down the road to continue to build on that.
John Neppl: Yes, I would say -- I would just add on, I think two things we're looking at as well, we expect to develop in the relationship with Chevron and others is low CI feedstocks is going to be something that we think there's some opportunity down the road. And then, of course, long-term SAF is going to be an important component of that relationship.
John Neppl: Yes. I think -- look, the answer is we're going to do both going forward. I think we've had a lot of opportunities that we've been assessing including share buyback. But I think we're very committed to share buyback as part of the program. And I think we're highly confident we'll get the remaining $300 million done this year in our current program and get a new program in place and as we move forward, we fully intend on doing a mix of both growth -- mix of all growth, M&A and our share buyback.
