Gregory Heckman: Thanks, Tom. Thanks again for joining us today. I hope you come away with a better sense of our priorities and how we're positioning Bunge for the future. We have a solid foundation and the entire management team is committed to realizing Bunge's full potential. This will take some time, but we're establishing a clear direction. And I am confident we can better leverage Bunge's strengths with increased focus and improved execution. While the work of the Strategic Review Committee is pivotal, it is already helping us to make operational changes to improve performance and to make decisions about where we should and should not focus our resources and deploy our capital. We remain a laser focused on creating value for our investors and all our stakeholders. And we understand the urgency of the situation. We'll update the market as soon as we have additional progress to report. Thank you. Operator, we're now - please, open the line for questions.
Gregory Heckman: Okay. Let me start and if I miss anything Tom will fill in. While we look at - you mentioned historical numbers, while we look at the history, what we're doing now is - what we're looking is what the current market is giving us. And we're not saying that we are smarter than what the current market is. And based on that, and while the U.S. and Europe look better right now than history, South America both Brazil and Argentina are definitely both below cost right now. So that's what went into our outlook. There are definitely a lot of drivers that can affect that as we go forward. When the farmer commercializes his crop in each of these markets, of course, the outcome of U.S./China trade discussions, the ultimate size of the soybean crops, the biodiesel demand where that shakes out, and then of course, ultimately livestock margins and demand. So there's no doubt we've got a number of moving pieces. And what we're trying to make sure is that we have the company in agile and nimble position that as things develop that we're able to maximize our margins and capture all that that we can. But what I don't want to start out here is making a lot of promises on a marketplace that doesn't exist today.
Gregory Heckman: Well, the work that we've done at the Strategic Risk Committee, part of that's been looking very granularly at individual units and the historical earnings power. It's also given us the ability to look at past returns on capital, projects not only M&A, but internal and organic. It's - as you said, risk management is a core tenet. It's a core capability of this company. And it's something that we believe we can strengthen and improve. There are huge physical flows that move through this origination platform, and through this processing, the food and commodity processing. And we've got to manage our risk and the customers' risk. We've got to do a better job of that and make sure that we're nimble and agile for the environment that we're in. And based on my history, and some of the other folks that have been here and some that have joined recently, as we look at that, we believe that that earning power is here. And then, through the portfolio rationalization, look, we've got a great global footprint. We've got a leading position in a number of these businesses. And what we've got to do is we've got to drive those businesses. We've got to make sure they get the lion's share of our resources. And those are the businesses that are meeting our growth and return standards that have a strong market position that are in a position to compete and win and relevant to the customers. And then, we're going to fix those businesses that we believe can be in that category, but are not today. But we are going to have very specific plans to fix those and to fix them on a very defined timeline. And then, we're going to exit those businesses that we don't believe can get there on the right timeline. And those are businesses, where maybe we're not the best owner. And as we've said similar to the public position on Sugar, we'll - where Sugar we'll list or sell or JV it when the time is right. But we'll own it like we're going to own it forever. In the meantime, that on these other businesses we'll sell or JV or partner them if we think we're not the best owners. And that's why I believe that the earnings power of this platform exists.
Gregory Heckman: As you can imagine, there is a lot of work that - not only that the SRC has done a great job, giving us an outside-in look, and now is the leadership team in the company, we're working to activate plans and do further analysis on some additional pieces. It's confidential and sensitive in nature to ensure that we maximize the value for shareholders. And what we will promise is that we will give you updates absolutely as soon as we can.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah. We are like everyone trying to get every bit of public information that is available and trying to assess this. But what we've rolled up is it definitely could affect demand slightly. But demand, between meal demand and what crush has been at it, it's been pretty much in balance. And we think that will continue. And then as we look at the forward margins in the marketplace, we're saying that the market is taking those factors into effect. And that's what we've used for our outlook.
Gregory Heckman: I think our thought process is that - it's our job to manage the risk, to help our customers, which are in both ends of the supply chain when there's a distribution business or Food & Ingredient businesses. You don't manage their risks and we have to manage the risks of the inputs and outputs in our business. And as you know that's a lot of difference in timing from when things are produced and when they're consumed. It's a lot of risk in geography from where things are produced and consumed and all the - the transportation, it goes along with that so when I say it has to be a core capability, it's our job to manage that risk that many times is put on us as we're working with our customers. And our job is of course to, to get that risk back into the market places as quickly as possible and locking our margins. I mean, at the end of the day, we want to provide the highest return with the lowest volatility of earnings and that is our ultimate goal, so as we continue to make investments in our network of assets that make us relevant with customers in our systems, in our processes and in our people, it's all about driving the ultimate earnings, the returns and driving it with less volatility.
Gregory Heckman: Food & Ingredients is one of our core platforms, Loders is a fantastic property that not only on its own, but how it fits in with us and we're already seeing that that is helping us meet many of our goals and the customers that we want to grow with and the ability to innovate around our oils platform. And we're also now starting to really focus on the protein platform, working with outside parties and working on how we innovate and value up that stream as well. So as far as acquisitions it will be - and growth it will be at the right time and the numbers have to make sense and we will be pressure testing and stress testing any returns to ensure that they enhance ultimately shareholder value.
Gregory Heckman: I think you've framed it well. We do believe it's one of the larger wildcards and yes they do have a very large crop, so I think everyone expects the industry to crush more year-over-year. I think we look at 2017, which is a pretty painful year for the industry. So our view is everyone staying much more spot, much more nimble as they see what the farmers are going to do and when he's going to commercialize his crops. It looks like with what's going on there from a macro standpoint, if history is any judge, he'll market his corn and wheat and he'll probably hold his beans as a hedged inflation and the FX exposure. So it is a wild card and it's one that we're watching. And I think the key word is nimble, we're not going to try to outsmart that.
Gregory Heckman: Okay. Thank you. Well to stay with our theme of not trying to predict the future, I don't think I want to touch that one. As you said, it's confusing, the markets trying to assess it and we're again trying to stay very nimble as this develops.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, and let me correct. I think what I said is we're evaluating not on the assets, but the businesses. So of course, we're cutting that analysis several different ways from the top down regionally, along value chains, by individual asset within the value chain. And I don't believe if I did, I'll correct myself that it will be exiting several business, I said we may exit some businesses as part of our analysis. So I won't comment on anything specific right now, but we definitely look forward as we make progress to report it and to help you understand our thought process and why we're doing, what we're doing.
Gregory Heckman: Yes, we said everything is on the table. Everything is on the table to improve our returns, which the markets have been very clear to us and they are not where we want them to be and we understand what the market is telling us. And that's up with the right network to be really relevant with customers and be able to drive growth at the right returns.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, if I understand your question correctly, I think it's been - it's about us operating this platform, is getting the platform right and operating it with more consistent earnings at higher returns, but also doing a better job of making sure that you understand how we made our money and how we performed versus the opportunity that we had. And that is another - another really important thing is being understood. And we're going to work on both of those, better performance and being better understood on what the power of the platform is and how we're operating versus the environment that we have.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, I understand what you're asking, Ken. But, I guess, what I want you to think about, it's the framework of how we're going to operate going forward, which is continuing to drive all of the profitability possible, by managing the - that it is structural profitability, that the risk we're taking is appropriate to drive our risk adjusted returns, which is the risk of running a big global physical business and trying to manage that in a way to bring our volatility down. So it's a process I would be - it would not be right after a short period here to say we have every answer. But we know philosophically where we're going. And we've seen - we manage risk with this team and a lot of different food processing, commodity processing, animal processing industries. And, boy, we know how to do that.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, it's a little bit what I was talking about earlier. We have to be in a leading position in the market, which is really around a - it's really a top-3, which makes us relevant with customers. It has to meet our growth and return standards. And it has to fit in with where we are seeing the macros, the drivers in the marketplace. It's just where the long-term growth is going as well. And if it doesn't fit in there, we have to believe we can get there in a very short defined path and time period.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah. No, no, no, it's got to meet those. But a big part of meeting those is being in a market position, where you're relevant to customers and you've got the network to manage your risk and to serve customers and be in position to grow. And those are the businesses that will get the majority of our resources for growth.
Gregory Heckman: I'm not going to rule on the past. What I'm going to tell you is it is a fantastic platform and the one thing is we are creating a lot of urgency and focus around ensuring that we get all the value out of that platform as soon as possible. And that is an important part of our growth and improving our returns profile.
Gregory Heckman: I just generally believe in these cyclical and seasonal businesses that reducing cost is a never-ending challenge. The marketplace continues to evolve, our customers, our suppliers, our competitors. And you have to build these businesses with a cost profile for the bottom of the cycles. And so, that you are the one that is in the best position at the bottom of the cycle which puts you in a really good place on the average cycle and the top of the cycle. So we have done a great job with the Global Competitiveness Program. The company has developed some muscles and capabilities that we'll be able to continue to lean into. So, it is part of the DNA that is developing and we'll continue to drive that forward.
Gregory Heckman: Let me say that, the first thing without playing Monday morning quarterback, having kind of just arrived on the scene, my history and philosophy has been about risk is that you really have to run these businesses with a focus on that the risk matches the earnings power. And so it's a risk adjusted approach and that's how we want to drive the business going forward.
David Driscoll: Okay. So I had two questions and I'll pass it along after. The first one just relates to the guidance on the year. So if the - it looks to me like return on invested capital excluding Sugar is projected to be below the 6.5% that you achieved in 2018. Crush margins are well above historical norms. So while I appreciate that they're down year-over-year, they're still externally strong. You've got cost savings, and you've got the Loders' synergies coming in. Can you just explain like if you have $0.90 crush margins, this isn't enough to get you to a return on invested capital at 7% or better from those businesses? And I think a lot of us probably just like to hear your thoughts, Greg, as to why. And then I have a follow-up, please.
David Driscoll: All right, well, thank you for the comments and we'll look forward to further updates. I'll pass it along.
David Driscoll: And then, I had a follow-up on the risk management issues in the fourth quarter. There's something I just don't understand is, and so the company took a very significant bean position. I think it was historically the largest bean position Bunge has ever had in its Brazilian operations. That started in the second quarter and those inventories carry into Q4. The situation goes wrong and those bean inventories turn out to be a big problem. The question is, from your view, what goes wrong on risk management here? How do you protect the business from a hit like we've taken in the fourth quarter? Was it something when you say, hey, look, they did a good job, the situation goes against them, it is what it is? Or can you really do a better job in risk management, so that we're not facing these kinds of issues in future quarters? It's a big hit in the fourth quarter and I think it needs some explanation.
Thomas Boehlert: Yeah, I mean, when we announced the transaction, year ago September, we talked about what the results would be for this year and what our three-year targets were and we are tracking to that. So this will be a transition year for Loders as we ramp up the integration with our B2B business and get synergies from cross-selling and logistics supply chain as well as operational synergies, but we are - it's tracking well to the investment case.
Thomas Boehlert: Let me jump in here as well to give a perspective. I think it's a combination of those things. There's the risk piece, there's the operations. There's the underlying cost base that we're working on. But this portfolio piece of that is a very important component because we have got capital tied up and things that are not producing returns and are not integral to our platform or our value chain and we can free up that capitals, both working capital and PP&E. And so the combination of freeing up capital in the areas where it's not earning a return for us, it's not important to our business and is diverting attention of management and making our business more complicated. Combined with those other factors that you mentioned provides a - back to the earnings power question, provides some powerful growth to the business.
Thomas Boehlert: I mean, I think we'll - the next time you'll likely hear from us is when we announce a transaction or the next quarterly call and we're moving through this process as quickly as we can. And prioritizing particular areas of the work and will report back to you when we have progress.
Thomas Boehlert: Yeah, so it was higher - the whole activity was better and higher in 2017 than it was in 2018. We were profitable on 2018. We just talked about the $125 million shortfall. And we could have done - so there was that gap plus we could have done better. And so, looking forward, and normalizing for that it's $125 million plus, which was the gap.
Thomas Boehlert: I mean, it depends on the year really and how it interacts with the rest of the - or the structural business, but…
Thomas Boehlert: Well, I think it's atypical. We had some startup issues. And a lot of crush facilities are running flat out, given the environment last year.
Kenneth Zaslow: Yeah, but you said it was higher year-over-year in 2018 versus 2017, but yet it was lower than typical. So I kind of try to figure out what the magnitude of the shortfall was in 2018.
Kenneth Zaslow: Well, let me say like, so you're bringing back a risk - you're bringing back a risk manager who hasn't been there for 5 years. Who - prior to the 5 years, Bunge would have some risk management issues, but generally would be once every 4 to 5 quarters, not every quarter, right? So if I go back 5 years and I kind of normalize that, what is the shortfall in 2018 relative to 5, 6 years back? And then on top of that, what was the operational missteps as well with lost volumes and lost profitability? Some sort of magnitude of that would be very helpful. And I'm not - I know everybody is asking about what's the change of risk management. I'm just asking what is the factual side of the difference.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And then, sorry, I asked the other question before. But just how much operational issues impeded your numbers in 2018 and that would likely recoup in 2019? I think you mentioned that you guys had some startup delays and something else with minimizing volumes.
