Alberto Weisser: I would say that Europe and Asia is relevant. It's probably around 40% of our processing capacity now. We have been expanding it, and we had particular issues in 1 or 2 areas. And in rapeseeds, we had some issues, especially in Germany, and also on sunseeds in Eastern Europe. And China was tough. At the end of the quarter, it improved, but overall, the comparison versus last year, versus '11, was negative. And in South America, obviously, it's the end of the season, so it's comparable to the way we performed in '11. So in North America, we have more or less 35% of our processing is North America. That was not enough to make the big jump that we needed.
Alberto Weisser: Look, first of all, what happened in the fourth quarter stays in the fourth quarter. So it was a reasonable quarter, but it was not as good as we hoped. Let's not forget it was a record year in Agribusiness. Now what did not work so well for us was that we, similar to what we did in South America, we geared up ourselves for a very tight situation, very tight markets in North America that ended up not being so tight. So we probably had more inventory and more positioning that do not -- did not work so well, so -- but that's part of our business. I feel very good about it, the way we have performed, a record year, and from time to time, we will not get it perfectly and has absolutely nothing to do with '13. '13 we look at extremely positive.
Alberto Weisser: It was not a loss. It was -- obviously, we have a very large infrastructure, and we have a lot of costs, but we did not generate the margins that we expected to generate.
Alberto Weisser: It's very difficult to say. We thought it would be a much stronger one. I think also in addition, we probably had a little bit more trouble with the grain business. We have to remember that the farmers -- as prices started to come down, farmers were more reluctant sellers so margins was squeezed as well. There were also some logistic issues. So not everything worked that well.
Alberto Weisser: We believe that we will see an improvement. The South American crush margins should be very strong. We are looking at a very, very large crop, and we think we are very well positioned. We also expect a very strong fourth quarter this year in the Northern Hemisphere. We believe that we will see a better soft seed crop in Europe. So overall, we look at a positive environment. The first quarter will be a little bit softer because obviously, it's the end of the North American season and at the same time, we also see improvement in the processing margins in Asia.
Alberto Weisser: First, perhaps the comment about crushing was not precise from my side. On OPD, on oilseed processing, we did better in '12 than we did in '11. So I was just qualifying that we did not do much better, because we have large footprint in Asia and South America didn't contribute much, and we had some issues in Europe. But overall, oilseed processing was better. Areas where we did not do well, and I agree with you, Dave, it was not a good quarter in Agribusiness. It was in grains in North America, because of the issues of the crop, but also in risk management. Now having said that, I'm very, very proud and very comfortable with the way we approach it. And our risk management has shown over the years, over the last 6 years, it is rock solid. Now you can't get it always right. There are so many moving pieces. We are talking with weather. We are talking about all kind of different things. We got it absolutely right in South America. So when you look at, on average on the year, we did well. It was a record year. Quarter, okay, I'm also upset. It was not what it was supposed to be.
Alberto Weisser: Absolutely. I think this issue was more related with the month of October and I feel very, very comfortable. This is, in the quarter stays in the quarter. I think the way we are looking at 2013, as we said it in different ways, we look at it very optimistically.
Alberto Weisser: Okay. In terms of what we need, in terms of pricing, today, hydrous ethanol, which is half of the ethanol we sell, is negative. So what we need is that the gasoline prices in Brazil go up. They don't need to go all the way to international parity. But they need to probably go up something like 15% to 20% hydrous. Anhydrous is okay. Obviously, cogeneration is okay and sugar prices need to be a little bit higher as we expect them to go -- to get to our target margins. But the real issue is hydrous margin. And what we are doing is, obviously, all what we can to reduce our unit cost, and we mentioned 15% last year, 15% this year and 5% to 10% next year. So more than half of the problem we will solve ourselves, but we will need to get to the target margins. We need an uplift from the gasoline prices and therefore, also the hydrous ethanol prices. Now what is happening is that, in Brazil, is that the industry is shifting to -- sugar is shifting to anhydrous and exporting. Brazil exported 3 billion liters last year. So who is taking the burden of solving the problem in Brazil is Petrobras. You have been seeing the kind of losses they are taking because as the millers are not producing more hydrous ethanol and there's less and less, Petrobras has to import more and more gasoline. And they are losing probably something like $0.20 per liter on each of these transactions. So I think it is very clear to the Brazilian government now that it is in the interest of Petrobras, of the country, that we need higher prices to solve this gap. Brazil probably needs something like 20 billion to 30 billion liters until 2020, and that is going to be served, either through hydrous and anhydrous ethanol, or it will be import gasoline. So the situation is pretty clear of which direction to go. And we see very clear signs that the government is going in the direction of allowing the prices to go up. So we are reasonably optimistic. This change with a mandate to May 1 to anhydrous, the increase in gasoline prices, are all indications already. Regarding the planting is the heavy lifting is done. So with the 70,000 hectares that we planted in '12, the catch-up is done. So we will obviously have to continue improving it. So this year's program is 60,000 hectares planting. So we will need to invest less money in '13. What we want to do is always have something like 10% more than what we need in case of weather issues that normally happen. So from now on, the increase in planting will be in line with our expansions of our mills. So we have learned our lesson. We will do first the planting and then expand the mills.
Alberto Weisser: Diane, also for the first time, we can say the weather has been right for the last couple of months. So after so many -- now, we had probably 24 months where everything was wrong. The last 6 months have been -- the weather has been right.
Alberto Weisser: I think there will be issues. The crop is going to be a record crop. And we believe there will be issues, both in ports and on the rails, but also especially in the inland logistic, and will create some issues. But let me tell you, we feel quite strong the way we have positioned ourselves. Remember that Bunge, we have an origination program and logistics program and merchandising program that is larger than the second and third competitors combined. And we have done a lot. In ports, we operate 11 terminals in 8 ports. We have made -- prepared ourself for this year with expansion in storage, inland storage. We have worked very hard to improve efficiencies in the ports. We hope we have the right contracts. I think this is a little bit of a situation that will be trouble and unfortunately, who pays for the trouble? Normally is the farmer. But it's also a question of how well you are prepared vis–à–vis the rest of the industry. And we have focused all our attentions to get it right.
Alberto Weisser: Trucking is the biggest risk. That's also one of the reasons we have expanded our storage, which means that first we want to get it to the storage and let the peak freight rates of the harvest pass, and then at lower rates, move it to the ports.
Alberto Weisser: No, it is much more a localized issue. Size of crop, margins, it is -- that was the issue. It's much more localized, competition.
Alberto Weisser: Yes, we expect '13 to be better, both in sunseeds and in rapeseed. The whole soft seed sector should be better in Europe.
Alberto Weisser: The issue in Asia is that we have excess capacity, processing capacity in China. So the margins have been tight. We have -- that was the issue in the fourth quarter. So we have, in previous quarters, we have sailed relatively well through it because of our extremely well-located plants and rightsize and low cost, but we were not immune in the fourth quarter. Now margins have improved at the end of the quarter. But it's not related to palm oil. It's really a competition, overcapacity situation in China.
Alberto Weisser: We are in the middle of the crop and soon, we will have the softening [ph] of the winter crop. So I think we are going to see very large, a very, very large harvest in South America, especially in Brazil.
Alberto Weisser: I feel very, very comfortable, Rob, how we compare vis–à–vis the competition. And now, you have to look at it always on an annual basis because there are so many moving parts. These are millions and millions of contracts. There are millions of tons that are moved. And all the time, things change. Look, I think we all came in, including the USDA, with a view of how the harvest would be, but we were surprised how much better it was, especially in soybeans, than we thought it would be. So I think we have an extremely robust process internally of how we do this and how we look at it, very strong research, very -- a lot of significant -- this is extremely institutionalized. We are nearly 200 years old, and we have been doing this for a long period of time. So I feel very strong about it. When you look at our volatility of our earnings in Agribusiness in over the last 6 years, it is not a lot. So you have sometimes quarters where you don't get it exactly right. But I feel very good about it the whole year and I feel also very good about the whole team. Now have we made a mistake? Yes. Have we learned from it? Yes. Are we going to come stronger out of it? Yes. So I hate to see the way we did it in the fourth quarter, but I feel very good about next year, about -- I mean, about '13.
Alberto Weisser: I would say in the spot market, there is no risk management, but -- because you buy and sell. But overall, it doesn't matter if it's in a carry or inverse. Risk management, that's exactly the science to manage it correctly so that we serve our customers right, let the volumes continue growing and make money. That's exactly what we know how to do. So we don't mind if it is -- how the structure is of the futures. And also, if it's a large crop or short crop. Obviously, you saw we got it right in the South American crop. We didn't get it so right in the Northern Hemisphere crop. But in the year, we did very well, it was a record year.
Andrew J. Burke: I would be happy to, Dave. I think when you look at our agriculture -- Agribusiness and Foods and look at those 2, we'll be above cost of capital. I think yet in '13, Sugar will not be at a point where it's above cost of capital. And that will probably take out to 2015 to get there at our current projections. So we see a steady ramp-up towards cost of capital for Sugar, but not yet in '13.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Diane, we've gone through this the last couple of years, and we learned that there's a lot of variability in that number depending on weather and what happens in the pricing environment. We will have a very clear, or not a very clear, but a much clearer view on the crop and the quality of the crop as far as the sugar content, in the spring, when we start to run the plants again, and I think we would want to wait to that time before we would give a precise estimate, I think what we would say today is we do expect to be profitable, but we won't get to the $8 a ton.
Andrew J. Burke: The tricky part of your question, Rob, is all other things being equal. If all other things are being equal, we'll have a little bit of business growth. So some of our balances would go up, but I would think our earnings growth would offset it. So I think your comment is fair. The problem is we're very influenced both by what commodity prices are and what the structure of pricing is in the commodity market, how much of a carry or an inverse you may have in the market. But if we assume that's all the same, I think your comment is very fair that it would be positive. And that's what we plan for. We plan for, actually, for neutral cash flow after investing.
Andrew J. Burke: If it's the case of us freeing up working capital, that's what we do with it, yes. And separately, we look at new investments we want to make, but it is not driven by changes in commodity prices, and those shifts in working capital levels and debt levels, how much we feel we have for investment, will be determined based on our long-term outlook for cash flows and our overall balance sheet position.
