Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. In 2011 Bunge produced strong results in agribusiness, edible oils and milling with a record full year combined EBIT of over $1.1 billion. However, results in our sugar and bio-energy segment were negatively impacted by back to back years of poor weather in Brazil that materially reduced cane volumes and hence our results. In fertilizer we made progress transitioning our Brazilian business to a standalone blending distribution business, but volumes are still behind our targets. We reorganized the team and structure of the business, improved risk management and filled gaps in our facility footprint. But we are still working on finding the right balance between volume growth and acceptable risk. We expect to get it right in 2012. Slide four, in 2011, we made important investments in new businesses and regions, and took steps to strengthen our core operations. These actions helped position us well for the future. During the year we entered into joint ventures in palm in Indonesia, agribusiness in South Africa, corn wet milling in Argentina, oilseed processing in Paraguay, and open grain handling facilities in Mexico. Slide five, in our core business we announced the acquisition of food operations in India and Brazil, acquired margarine business in U.S., acquired a new port terminal in grain handling facility in Ukraine, acquired new grain handling facilities in U.S., and expanded sugarcane planting and cogeneration in Brazil. Slide six, looking forward, we see some challenges but also see very positive signs for 2012, and expect to achieve good results. I feel very good about where we are at Bunge, we have the strongest balance sheet in decades, a superb team, strong network and strong market positions, and an ever growing geographic footprint. This gives me the confidence we will continue growing and performing well. Now we will turn over the call to Drew who will discuss our fourth quarter financial results in 2012 outlook.
Alberto Weisser: Why don’t I start with the crush margins and obviously they were under pressure in the U.S. in the fourth quarter. And much more recently, they have improved because of the reasons is that it’s clearer that the South American crop will not be as large as originally thought because of the drought. And that is shifting some business back to the U.S. And I think there has also been more rational behavior in the industry. Rapeseed, it’s too early to say, but in Europe as the crop -- we expect it to be better when the crop comes in, the harvest. And around the world, sunseeds crush margins are very good. In China they are volatile, but they are okay. In South America the margins are, at the moment, lower because it’s -- the harvest is starting soon. But it should improve. So overall, I would say that the margins are slightly below a normal level. And they are weaker in U.S. but improving.
Alberto Weisser: It is -- you probably have seen today the USDA report, it’s the first estimate. It’s a little bit early because February is an important month. We only will know it by the end of February. But overall, I would say it does not, it has no negative impact. It might be slightly positive because it gives us ample supply in South America but it also gives us the opportunity to start earlier in the northern hemisphere. So the change, the drought, probably doesn’t affect prices but has a better dynamic in terms of margins. 
Alberto Weisser: You might remember in the earnings call of the third quarter is when we said we did take at that time already off and we continued to be very, very conservative through the whole fourth quarter. And so that is also because the market, the whole market, was much more difficult and all the players were more risk averse. So farmers slow in selling, customers slow in buying, so we were very, very cautious in the fourth quarter.
Alberto Weisser: It’s difficult to say. We obviously see the challenges with the global macroeconomic situation and everybody is more cautious in every sector. So originally we thought that agribusiness should, in 2012, should be higher than ‘11 because of all of the investments. So when we say we see the challenge, we are realistic, it could be at ’11, more or less.
Alberto Weisser: It’s obviously very early to say. We should, based on our investments, continue growing in ‘12 versus ‘11. But we are realistic that there might be -- continues to be some margin pressure. So we expect that perhaps to be more in line with ‘11.
Alberto Weisser: Look, Dave, it could very well be. But obviously, we are seeing the end of the northern hemisphere crop and the margins are under pressure in North America. So that is exactly what we see now and we saw it in the fourth quarter, so we have to deal with that. That’s the current challenge. But we see there is -- the picture is constructive, is positive. The demand is there. USDA estimated the soybean meal demand 4%, soybean oil in general 4%. The crop in South America is good and the way it is structured it will also help the northern hemisphere. So the picture is constructive but it is very early in the year. And you are right, at the moment the margins have improved in the last couple of weeks. You see it on the CBOT Board Crush. But it’s early. We have to be realistic. There are challenges. And the global macroeconomic pictures with the sovereign debt, so we have to be careful.
Alberto Weisser: Yes, it is. It is. And we should see much more normal pattern of buying and selling of farmers and customers and that should normalize. I think you are right.
Alberto Weisser: No, I understand. And it’s relatively easy to answer, because it is very much related to sugar, bioenergy, and fertilizer. When you look at the investments we have done in sugar & bioenergy, which is around $2.5 billion, and the returns are not there yet. But we know exactly why they are not there and we believe they will be there, as we ramp up the sugarcane production. So if we do the 17 million to 19 million tons of sugarcane processing, the $8 to $10 per ton in EBIT, we are closer. So we probably should be at cost of capital in the sugar & bioenergy business as we mentioned in the past in year ‘14, ’15. And we probably should be, this year or next year, in fertilizer. Hopefully, in this year we should be. Agribusiness, food and ingredients and fertilizer would be above cost of capital and we’re just ramping up sugar & bioenergy. We have to remember that when you build a new business Greenfields, brownfields at the moment we have the highest amount of investments. So, the denominator is at the highest value, highest amount and the numerator is also affected because depreciation is the highest. As these businesses season more we will get -- very soon it will be very close to cost of capital. That is always the problem when you build new businesses. But we see it very clearly. We believe in it, the returns, all the time. We analyze it exactly as we expect it, perhaps long-term even better. Because when we got into this business we didn’t think about cogeneration which is an additional interesting income stream. So, we’re very confident that we’ll get there. We’re a little bit unlucky in sugar & bioenergy that we had this major problem in 2010 of drought and fires and affected the cane field. But we had heavy investment in planting in 2010, another heavy one in 2011. We exceeded our plans and with all the plantings we have in plan for 2012, we should be there in 2013.
Alberto Weisser: Well, it has to be both because just think about the -- we have to cover our returns. So if you have invested $2.5 billion and we will do some, as we are doing at the moment, expanding. We are doing expansion in planting but also in cogeneration. So there will be some more operational assets and they will have to return, at the end it will have to be 2 percentage points above cost of capital, so more or less about 10. So it gives you an idea where the EBIT per ton will be. The traditional number of $10 per ton cane is an older number from 5, 10 years ago, which was at the time when sugar was also priced at $0.10 per pound. With the environment we have today and the sugar has to be priced at $0.20 per pound for the Brazilian farmers to expand. So the number should be above 10. We will see how it evolves with cogeneration, with ethanol, with sugar. We don’t want to exactly say yet what our expectation is, but it will be above these numbers.
Alberto Weisser: When you talk about us, yes, we have exceeded even our targets. And now the whole industry has not invested as much. So not every player in the industry has invested as much as we have even on a relative term. So it is -- there will be an increase in yield and productivity, but it is not going to be all what is necessary to cover all the demand that is out there.
Alberto Weisser: I would say that we are always going to have some weather issues and that’s why the target is to have a little bit more than what we really need. And we have seen -- many of you have mentioned that some competitors who have performed better exactly because of that. They have a little bit excess capacity, and that is also our target. So we always have to consider that there will be some weather issues. What was different was 2010, where it was so drastic, so tough that there were even the fires. So that one affected everybody in a stronger way. So, what we expect is that in 2013 we will be in a position where even if there are weather issues, we should be able to be producing close or at capacity.
Alberto Weisser: I would perhaps characterize it a little bit different. We mentioned that we had now the strongest balance sheet that we have had in decades. So you could see, we could leverage up and have a higher return. But, this is not that easy because we have very clear rules about hurdle rates and what kind of returns we want to achieve. And we have not been able to do perhaps one or the other acquisition that we wanted because of price expectations or it didn’t meet our hurdle rate. So we don’t mind to be in this moment to be well capitalized in a very difficult environment. So we could take advantage of opportunities that might arise. But I will say, your recollection is correct, that we used some of the money to invest in working capital. But as you saw, as commodity price come down, the money is coming back. So, we are capitalized. We think we will be able, with our capital structure, to reach our target of being 2 percentage points above cost of capital, not this year but perhaps next year or ‘14. But it also allows us the flexibility to take advantage of opportunities that might occur.
Alberto Weisser: The drought that is occurring in the southern part of South America is going to reduce the crop expectation. You might have seen the first estimate from USDA this morning. And it will not have a negative impact. It’s either neutral or positive for us, because the crop will be big enough that we have enough products to process and to merchandise. At the same time, it is not too big that it doesn’t affect the U.S. crop. So, you might remember that last year we had a tail of the southern hemisphere that affected somewhat the northern hemisphere. So, this should have a slightly positive impact on the U.S. or the northern hemisphere, impact on profitability on margins for the processors and merchandisers.
Alberto Weisser: Look, I think, obviously, we are learning and we are getting more used to estimating these crops and that’s why we have this wide range of 17 to 19, our target is 19, but it might be 17. So, what has been really unique was the problem in 2010. You might remember that the whole industry, including the federation or the association, UNICA estimated the crop for the Center South of Brazil of 560 million tons and it ended up coming in at 492. So, I think everybody underestimated how dramatic the impact of the drought and the fires were in 2010, because it was not only an absolute acreage that was reduced but it had also an impact on the yield of existing fields. But the reason we are more and more confident is that the average, on average you’ll keep these sugarcanes growing for five years and we are replenishing them. So we had now two major replantings and expansions ‘10, ‘11, and we’ll have another one in ‘12. So, obviously, we’ll replant it to an amount that will be more than we need so that we have enough reserve for these weather events. So I think we are becoming more and more confident. And so far the weather, it’s obviously very early, so far the weather has been benign for sugarcane plantations.
Alberto Weisser: We have our traditional hurdle rate which is above, significantly above cost of capital. 25% of our CapEx doesn’t bring any returns because its maintenance, sometimes it’s regulatory issues. And obviously you have to remember also it’s not immediate because it takes sometimes three years until all these numbers to completely in. And we feel good at the moment because many of the projects over the last couple of years are now coming up. It’s the plants in Asia, it’s the ports, some of the sugar expansions. So we are now starting to see some of the benefits of the investments over the last three years. But overall you should expect something only after three years after we have invested it. That’s why sometimes we prefer acquisitions because they are immediate. But CapEx takes a little bit longer.
Alberto Weisser: I think we look at every option. You should remember that we are present in Canada. We have large terminal in Eastern Canada, six or seven silos. We have already a silo in Western Canada. We are one of the largest, if not the largest, originator of canola seeds. So we have a significant presence there, 800 employees. So to expand this into doing more of grains is not a big issue. And we have shown in the past that we can do this. We went from nothing into Eastern Europe and have done it relatively well. So at the same time, we will take, as always, a cautious approach. We will go step by step.
Alberto Weisser: It’s not something for ‘12 -- it will not move the needle. But I think you will see us involved in that.
Alberto Weisser: We feel very good about what we have done. When you look at the last six years, we have rationalized our plans. We in fact have reduced our capacity by nearly 1.5 million tons over the last five, six years. And we have done what we need to do. And the plants are efficient, are the right place, are the right size. We have shutdown plants, in total four plants. So we are done. We feel we have done what we need to do.
Alberto Weisser: It is very early to say, but it should be okay, Russia and Ukraine. There are some doubts like always about whether -- is there going to be a winter kill or not, it was a little bit dry in Ukraine during planting season. But there might be, it’s early to say, but there might be some reduction, but at the same time the Russian crop is supposed to be very large. It is early. We’re not yet concerned.
Alberto Weisser: If I would summarize in one line. The volume came in lower than we expected. And as Drew was saying before, because of the high amount of fixed cost, it has a significant impact.
Alberto Weisser: In 2012, 70% should be our own, what we are directly responsible for the planting, and 30% the third party. I think the total amount is around 230,000 hectares.
Alberto Weisser: We, in fact, we exceeded our target. We planted much more than that. And what you should think about it is that on average every year, you have to replant 16% of your cane fields. And the ones you own your own or you directly are responsible for the planting. So everything above that is for expansion.
Alberto Weisser: No, you are on the right direction. The only thing is they are much complicated because the first year plantings, the yield is closer to 100 tons per hectare and the fields that are in the fifth year are much, much lower. So we still have some older fields out there. And some of the planting we use for seedlings for next year. So what we do is we maximize the amount long-term. We might sacrifice perhaps, when we see 17 to 19 that implies already that we might use more cane that we planted to use seedlings so that we reach, in ’13 we reach the capacity that we need. So it’s a little bit -- there are many things. Is yield -- how poor was the crop of the third and fourth and fifth year sugarcane, how much you use for seedlings, how much is replanting? But that is why we give you the indication that we think planting was better than we thought, but we are keeping our estimate for 17 million to 19 million tons of sugarcane production that we will process.
Alberto Weisser: Yeah. The yield should be up because we took advantage of the ones that were problematic. We just replanted them. So, we are being very aggressive. It’s all about maximizing yields and getting to full capacity. So, we are not being cheap here. We are looking at it very, very economically. So, where we don’t have the yields we are replanting.
Alberto Weisser: It’s more or less the same. We planted around 62,000 last year, so it’s probably more or less the same.
Drew Burke: Yeah, I think it’s going to be a little bit more second half weighted than we would normally expect. Mainly because the carry forward from the U.S. crop last year is not as strong as historically to profit opportunities in the first half of the year and we expect much more normal fourth quarter in our U.S. businesses. So I think you should look at agribusiness a little more second half oriented than usual.
Drew Burke: No, I don’t Rob. Let me come at it in a different way. I would think we had spent between $200 million and $300 million on those acquisitions in total. So if you start to think about it that way and what the return would be, you could get somewhat of an estimate where they will be. We will have the first two for the full year, and as I said in my comments, the third is expected to close shortly. We have already announced the Indian acquisition and should close it soon. So I’d rather give you kind of a hint in that direction versus trying to give you a volume projection.
Drew Burke: Thank you for the questions. I think there were about eight questions. So I’m trying to sort through it here. We still feel very favorable for the outlook on the sugar business. I think before we said at pretty high rates of production we would be at $8 to $10 EBIT per ton. Certainly, we said this year it will be 17 million to 19 million and those rates of production are high enough to be there. Obviously, embedded in any number we give you like that is just not the volume we crush, but it also has to do with where pricing is in the markets at any one point in time. So, there is a number of variables, but directionally we feel it’s still right for ‘12 and actually beyond. The projection is 17 million to 19 million tons is based on the plantings we’ve done. It is still too early to make a specific call on that crop. That will probably be some time in the April time period where we start to get a clear idea of the size of the crop. So, that will become the case. And the limitation on our ability to use our 21 million tons of capacity is the crop size. So that’s why we are below. It’s not commercial or operational reasons, it’s just how much crop we have available to crush. We have another significant planting program scheduled for 2012, and that should put us in a position to be able to crush at full capacity in 2013.
Drew Burke: Sure. I think it came from several places. First, we’ve made significant investment in the U.S. grains business. Both in terms of interior grain handling facilities and in terms of the port on the West Coast. While the port has not started shipping, which it will do shortly, we have been originating volumes for that program. So we had the origination volumes in the new businesses, we had the volumes moving out to the port. So we had good growth in volumes in North America. We also have a much bigger crop in the Black Sea, so we have origination opportunities there. And we’ve brought our new oilseed crushing capacity during the year. So it was kind of all three of those things coming into the fourth quarter and producing the type of strong volume growth you’ve seen.
Drew Burke: We always hesitate to give run rates because it’s heavily dependent on crop sizes and other factors, other than our underlying business. But one thing I would say is, in the current year we don’t have the (PNW) export volumes and they will fully come in next year -- in ’12, they will fully come in. And that will add -- it’s about 8 million tons total and we’re 50% owner, so we get benefit of about 4 million tons there. And the Nikolayev port also did not operate with us for the full year and further, so we’d get another million tons there. And a number of the other facilities I mentioned only came on later in the year. So there is still some inherent growth out of those investments. I don’t think you could assume it will be flat until you hear other investments announced. You’re going to get the full year impact of many of these things coming on. But again, just to caution, that other things affect our volumes other than our capacity.
Drew Burke: I think in the biodiesel market, there is a downturn in the first part of the year as people ramped up production in the last part of the year to take advantage of their credit. So we see a short-term shift down. But longer term, the mandates are in place and we think it will come back to normal volumes and follow the mandates.
Drew Burke: Thank you for the question, Vincent. I think you summarized it pretty well. In the current year, the drop in the tax rate towards the end is because our pre-tax income was lower in certain of the higher tax jurisdictions than we had expected. In our capital structuring, we said we improved about a year or two ago is providing a little bit better results than we expected. So that is why you see the drop this year and the drop and what we are seeing next year. We think that, that program is going to work out a little bit better. The increase from this year to next year is really driven by the improvement we expect to see in our sugar, in our fertilizer business as Brazil is a pretty high tax rate jurisdiction for us.
Drew Burke: For the first quarter of next year that is -- for ‘12, sorry for confusion on the year. But for the first quarter of ‘12, that is correct. We are talking about pressure on margins in the first part of the year or maybe not even to have first half of the year, maybe first quarter. But not to the level where we expect to see any write-downs in 2012.
Drew Burke: No, Kenneth, it is grounded in numbers in which we’ve modeled the business using several different scenarios. But that margin is also, it is a dynamic margin where prices matter, volumes matter, etcetera. So you have a number of factors going through there and it may seem to you a wide range, but that’s the range we’re comfortable looking at. The other thing I would point out is, sugar is a heavy fixed cost business. So within a certain range those type of numbers hold up, you start getting below that range. You’ve got a pretty big incremental profit moving for the last ton and it can move quickly. So one reason that why our projections have not held to that is, when we’re producing down to 14 million tons with 21 million tons of capacity, that’s an awful lot of fixed cost absorbed. If you are up at 17 million to 19 million, it’s a much different level of fixed cost absorption that’s having an impact. So that’s why we’ve always said, be careful using that range getting out of reasonable production levels, because it will move quickly. It also moved quickly to the upside, by the way, if you get above the totals we are looking at. But if you get below it, it moves quickly also.
Drew Burke: I don’t know if it’s so much more than a normal year. They are always pretty strongly weighted to the second half. So, maybe a little bit more, but not a lot. And we have not made all the final decisions of when our plants are going to start up. We’ll do that as the crop develops and as we plan out our capacity for the year, because you want to maximize the yield. So if people have the opportunity to delay, they are actually going to take it because they will get better yields. But it depends on how much volume you need to process over the full year, when your startup date is.
Drew Burke: One, I think it was a significant increase from the prior year. Our plants ran better and we had gotten a small increase in volume in quite a bit. I would say that we did sell less than we projected in the quarter and are carrying a decent amount of inventories over the 2012. So that had some impact. And again, it was just the crop size and the lacking of the volumes in the fourth quarter.
Drew Burke: If I managed to hear your question, Ryan, the 50,000 or so for Bunge are third party planted. We planted about 13 of that.
