Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. It was a solid first quarter. I'm especially pleased by the way Sugar & Bioenergy performed. It shows we are on the right track. Agribusiness results were good. Our team performed very well, managing risk in a volatile market environment characterized by tight global supplies and challenging Brazilian logistics. And Food & Ingredients continued its strong performance from the second half of last year. Looking ahead, I remain confident about 2013 and beyond. Agribusiness markets are transitioning from one of tightness to more comfortable supplies. Customer inventory pipelines are lean and in need of restocking so demand should remain strong. Farmers in South America responded with a record production and farmers in the Northern Hemisphere are expected to respond similarly. The logistics congestion in Brazil was improving, but delays will continue to persist until the U.S. harvest later this year. We see positive signs in Sugar & Bioenergy as the weather in the center-south of Brazil has been ideal for cane development, and early readings of ATR, the sugar content in the cane, are on track to return to more normal levels. We also expect Food & Ingredients' results to continue to improve throughout the year. Now I will turn over the call to Drew, who will provide greater detail on the quarter and outlook. Later, also, Soren will participate with us on the Q&A.
Alberto Weisser: It's too early, Christine, because the devil is in the details, so we are still trying to digest because it's a tax reduction that is partially among the millers, partially among the distributors. There's a credit also to the millers and producers so we need a little bit of more time. But it's clearly a positive sign of more support from the government in direction that they realized the profitability of ethanol needs to be higher for millers to invest. So we feel good because we have single-mindedly focused on reducing our unit costs, and you can start seeing the results. But for the industry as a whole, for the whole country, more is needed.
Alberto Weisser: I think, Vincent, that the quarter-to-quarter is very different in our business, as you know, because you move through -- as you move through the harvest cycles, each quarter performs differently. So I don't think looking at it sequentially is the best approach. From a historical perspective, I think what we're trying to say is the earnings -- some of the earnings opportunity that are normal in a quarter or 2 might appear later in the year and there's a little bit of weakness in the Northern Hemisphere crops. As you know, we don't give specific guidance so I don't want to put a number around it. But that's how I would think about it broadly.
Alberto Weisser: Okay. Maybe we start with the crush margins first. Q1, we had good margins, good crush margins, in soya in Brazil in particular, also in the U.S. but in Brazil in particular. And Q2 should be fair for both Argentina and Brazil. So second quarter, we should see fair margins in both South American countries. As far as the logistics are concerned, the first quarter clearly has been a big challenge for the industry as a whole. It has also been for us, but we've navigated well and our results in Brazil show it. We came out of the first quarter looking good in both our grain origination and export activities. And part of the reason for that really is that we control more of the infrastructure maybe than the market as a whole, be that the overflow buffer storage we have in the interior, the control of the trans-shipment points, which is what we connect from truck to rail. The fact that we rely more on rail trans-shipments to the ports than the industry as a whole, roughly 20% more is used by us in terms of rail and truck. And that we have a very good global planning process. We don't put vessels in that we can't load. And that means that we also avoid not only the congestion at the origin, but make sure that we supply our destination crush, and China was a good story for us in Q1.
Alberto Weisser: So the terminals, yes, we have the 8 terminals and so forth. We control our destiny to a larger extent than the industry, probably in Brazil, and I think it's reflected in our results. Q2, the challenge continues. So it's not over. I would say it's going to take us well into probably June, maybe even July before we get rid of the backlog in Brazil both in the interior and in the -- in line-ups at the terminals. But I think we feel good about our ability to navigate through that as we did in the first quarter.
Alberto Weisser: Well clearly there, the industry experienced higher cost of transportation as a whole and we did as well. The margin structure, however, compensated for that. In Q2, it is possible that there will be a slight shift of income from Q2 into Q3 as we execute through the programs, but I don't think it will be dramatic. I think we feel comfortable about our ability to execute the current book in Brazil through Q2. The amount of new or fresh farmer selling is a little bit difficult to judge at the moment with lower prices and then all these logistics headaches, farmers are not as active as they have been and that could be a bit of a flag. But in terms of execution, we feel good about where we are.
Alberto Weisser: Dave, we are very proud about our risk management, our framework, our team. I think we have done very well. Many people forgot that last year, we had the best year ever in Agribusiness. So when you look at it as a whole year, overall, we got it right. So the fourth quarter, we didn't get it perfectly right, but overall, the year was fine. And when you look at the first quarter, that is the continuum of a positive trend. So I feel very good about it, but let me ask Soren what his -- your take here.
Alberto Weisser: Yes, that is a potential headwind. One of the things we'll watch is to see how that plays out and how delayed the commercialization of the South American crop really is. The other thing that is happening is supply chains are very thin to the destination markets so there'll be some stock refilling. But for all those variables, that's why we hesitate to give specific guidance because to come down at this point, to tell you the size of the North American harvest when it starts, how long the South American tail is, and when those supply chains get filled, is a lot of variables that are put together. And that's why I said the potential is there for a very good year. We feel good about our year, but we need to see how well these variables play out as we move through the year.
Alberto Weisser: Well, as I said earlier, we do see a slowdown now and it will stick with us probably for another couple of months but certainly, the second half of the year, we expect a strong pull from China in protein, primarily soybeans, obviously. But there's no doubt that it's having a negative impact as we speak. But going back, looking at previous periods where similar things happened, it's always been remarkable how quickly things have rebuilt. And I believe that will be the same thing this time.
Alberto Weisser: Oh, we see it very, very much. There's a dramatic change in what we call more commercial operations. So it used to be more of these backyard type of operations especially in the hog industry. This is dramatically changing that's why we are also investing in feed mills to attend to this additional market and that's why you also see this very high mill demand. It's 9% worse versus the meat consumption is increasing only at 3%. So there's quite a way to go as all these operations become more commercial. So these kind of outbreaks only make the trend even stronger. So these are, I think long -- mid-long-term are very positive trends continued to being -- for our industry.
Alberto Weisser: Well we will have another new port coming into play at the end of this year, ready for -- in 2014 harvest in the North of Brazil, the northern corridor, not in the Amazon, but the northern corridor, and supplied partly by truck, partly by barges. It is the frontier of Brazil. And we are investing, continuing to invest in those growth regions in the right areas. The other part that we continue to invest in is really the transformation from the farm to the port and that means investing in trans-shipment facilities even increasing our reliance on rail, which is clearly the most efficient way of getting product from the interior to the ports. We've got long-term contracts. We'll continue to build on those. And overall, just focusing on really turning the equipment fast and with predictability. So Bunge will continue to invest in infrastructure in Brazil in a meaningful way and just keep optimizing our existing operations. Don't forget we already have 8 ports and running those as efficiently as possible is already a big thing.
Alberto Weisser: I think in Argentina, we're starting to see some more farmer selling now as it moves more into the crop, and so that has picked up. But for a long -- for last few years, the Argentine farmer is a reluctant and slower seller, but eventually, that crop moves and we expect the same this year. But the pace has picked up somewhat on that. We think we have a first-class logistic system in Brazil. We think we're best in class, but we don't want to get into a detailed comparison of Cargill or any of the other competitors in particular.
Alberto Weisser: Anhydrous, all anhydrous production is 60% up versus last year and we will be producing everything we can. And cogen, if I'm not mistaken, we said it's 350 gigawatt hour the production of this year, also up 100 gigawatt hour versus last year. So that's on track to continue growing.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, this is Soren. Let me try and tackle that one. There's no doubt that short term, there is a negative impact on demand in China. A lot of it also simply coming from the fact that pipelines are so thin. But we believe that as we get through the next 2 or 3 months, all that will rebuild and certainly, the second half of the year, we'll be back to the growth rates in protein demand in China that we've enjoyed so far. So for the year, we don't really see it as a big flag.
Soren W. Schroder: You know what, at the moment, my focus is really on the transition, which is going very well and I'm super excited to continue to grow Bunge in the path that we already have established. But we review our portfolio on an ongoing basis and so we will be -- we'll continue to do that. But at this point, I can't really comment on anything more than I'm excited to continue the path of Bunge.
Soren W. Schroder: All of those options are open to us, and we review them on a regular basis. We have many opportunities that meet our hurdle rates to continue to grow our basic core business. And so that's clearly something that we're focused on and our CapEx policy, I think it's been exposed or explained clearly in the past. That's not changing. But all the options that you mentioned are available to us. Very importantly also, that maintaining our credit rating is absolutely essential. So that is part of the -- part of the consideration as well.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, this is Soren. I'll take that one. I think we feel that we will most likely exceed the mandated level of biodiesel production this year. Margins are there and the RINs are clearly needed. So in all likelihood, that will continue to mean a drawdown of soybean oil stocks in North America, in the U.S. in particular, which we're experiencing. So a tight oil balance in the U.S. is likely to be the result of all this as the year progresses, certainly until September.
Soren W. Schroder: We will make that decision when we get there, Ken. The options I just outlined, I would say that making sure that our balance sheet stays very strong and in line with our credit rating, current credit rating, is absolutely a priority. So that probably would be the first place we look.
Soren W. Schroder: As I said, the priority really is to make sure that we stay within our ratios, balance sheet ratios, so that we maintain the strong credit rating that we have and everything else will be considered and decided when we get closer to it. So I don't want to exclude anything at this point other than maintaining that first point. That's the priority.
Soren W. Schroder: I feel very good about it too, Alberto. Now, I mean, I think the bottom line is that the process and the approach to risk management this quarter is no different than it was last quarter or has been for a while. It's a strong process. It's a good approach and it's the same really solid team that's driving these results. As for the quarter, I mean, it was a transition quarter, David, from clearly super tight, high prices to now what looks like it's something different. And we obviously navigated that transition pretty well. Too early to call the year, as it is typically this time of year, but the outlook is good.
Andrew J. Burke: That number is not small, but it's not that significant. What I think we would say is, we do expect to be profitable for the first half of the year. If it's typically the case, we probably will have a small loss in quarter 2 and maybe a little bit bigger than normal because the shifting in course. But the way I think of it is we'd be break-even to positive for the first half of the year.
Andrew J. Burke: It certainly is that type of environment. And as you know, exactly how the euro play out depends a lot on what the Northern Hemisphere crops are. But as the year lines up right now, we see -- clearly see the potential to earn our cost of capital.
Andrew J. Burke: You clearly saw with our results, Giovanna, that we did not recognize these losses. So the higher costs because we were able to recover along the chain. So -- but I do not have a view on what the loss are for the industry. This number probably means the higher cost of freight. So -- but at the end, this is being borne by, mainly, the farmers with lower prices. So the results speak for themselves in our case.
Andrew J. Burke: As you know, that law is still provisional and there are a number of amendments being proposed. So with the impact would be on us, we'll be highly dependent on those final amendments as it works its way through the Congress and we're continuing to evaluate it. Based on what we've seen so far, if we look at our overall margin structure throughout all our businesses in Brazil, we don't see a major impact.
Andrew J. Burke: I would say, Ryan, first, we don't give guidance, so I can't give you a specific answer. But the timing shifts wouldn't change our outlook. The potential is still there for a very good year. And a lot of it really depends on the pace of farmer selling in South America to see if they come in to any -- how much competition they do get, give the Northern Hemisphere when the Northern Hemisphere comes into play, and the size of the Northern Hemisphere crops and our ability to process and move those. But if you look at the situation, you do have a lower price environment anticipated but with much larger crops, and that should allow us to perform well. But again, we have a long way to go to know how the year plays out and particularly, how big the North American crop actually is.
Andrew J. Burke: No, we didn't, Diane. But I believe the guidance we've given is at the beginning of the year was $1.2 billion.
