Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 3. You can see the agenda for today's call. I'll start with an overview of the third quarter, then hand it over to John who'll go into more details on our performance. I'll then share how we're thinking about the rest of the year in 2021 before opening the line for your questions. So let's start with the quarter, turning to Slide 4. We had an exceptional quarter, and I couldn't be more proud of our team's outstanding execution. We achieved record crush utilization across our global footprint, and we remain agile, identifying opportunities and moving quickly to capture them as market conditions evolved. These results and our performance over the past few quarters reflect the meaningful changes we've made with a more global integrated operating model, improved portfolio and increased financial discipline. This is even more impressive considering our COVID protocols and how many members of the team have been working remotely. During the quarter, we continued rewiring the way we do business, and we made further progress on our portfolio initiative with additional announcements expected before the end of the year. With most of the work to divest of our noncore assets behind us, we're now able to look ahead and effectively address our business needs down the road. On an ongoing basis, we'll look for opportunities to continuously improve our portfolio to ensure we're well positioned over the long term. Last quarter, we called out a number of drivers that could change our outlook for the third quarter. In most cases, the movements were positive. And the team did a great job of adjusting as things developed. On crush margin curves, we noted they've begun to increase. That improvement continued through the quarter in several regions, and margins ended the quarter much higher than the forward curves indicated in July. The tightening of vegetable oil across the complex we noted last quarter continued, particularly in South America and Europe. We've seen the demand for oil improve in the food channel as we move through the COVID environment and has been widely noted. Biofuels are creating incremental demand. We noted China was purchasing aggressively in the U.S., and we saw continued strong soybean flows to China, which helped to further tighten global supplies. We also saw China start buying corn. The impact of the situation in Argentina on our business is largely unchanged from last quarter. While the current environment does not allow us to fully utilize our Argentine system, we have flexed our global platform to meet customer demands. Finally, we noted that many customers were in the spot market. As we moved through the third quarter, customers begin to lock in their needs. And as I said, our ag and food teams did a great job executing as we helped customers at both ends of the value chain manage their risks. Our teams continue to do an excellent job collaborating with our customers to find solutions to their evolving needs related to COVID. We believe this quarter fully demonstrates that we have the right portfolio and the right team focused on the right things. Internally, we're faster, more efficient and more data-driven than ever. We've internalized our approach to risk management over the past 18 months, and it's become ingrained in the way our teams do their jobs on a day-to-day basis throughout our value chains. Before handing it over to John, I just want to stress that in our view, the team's execution was nearly flawless this quarter. Based on Q3 results and improving market trends, we now expect that we'll end the year with adjusted EPS in the range of $6.25 to $6.75. And while we can't assume everything will always go perfectly given the inherent volatility in the global ag business, we are confident in our ability to protect our margins on the downside, manage our earnings at risk and expand on both when the opportunity exists. And with that, I'll hand the call over to John now to walk through the financial results in detail, and we'll then close with some additional thoughts on the rest of the year and 2021.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to give you a few closing thoughts. While we can't fully predict how the markets will evolve, based on what we see now, we expect many of the favorable trends to carry through the balance of 2020 and into 2021. Looking longer term, we expect underlying demand for our core products to remain strong. We also expect additional global demand for vegetable oil due to the growth of biofuels, both from conventional biodiesel as well as incremental growth in renewable diesel, which is a drop in fuel chemically identical to crude-based diesel. With our strength in oilseed processing, in addition to our worldwide origination and distribution capabilities, we're well positioned to meet market demands and capitalize on this growth. So in closing, we can tell you we're confident in the all changes we've made at Bunge. We're confident in our global platform, our operating model and our financial approach. And most importantly, we're confident in our team and their continuing ability to identify and capture the opportunities ahead of us. And with that, I'll open the call to your questions.
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Yes. The nearby spot replacement margins definitely are very robust. And you're correct on your analysis of the fourth quarter, so a little less than last year right now. And we're looking at what the curves are telling us, right? We've seen increase in crush margins, of course, higher oil demand, higher meal demand. With prices up, it has moved the buyers' back spot, and the curves reflect that. So as it unfolds, we'll see how that works. If it continues to improve kind of a week and a month at a time here, sure, there's upside in Q4, absolutely, but that's not what it's telling us right now. And then, of course, the concern is, as COVID is kind of rearing its head again, what impact that will have. Now while we're watching it closely because, as we've talked about, it does affect demand for both food and fuel. We do think that as we've been through the cycle, once people adjust their supply chains, we still have people eating more at home than away from home, that the shift won't be as dramatic and that people are more prepared. So even with the roll-in, we're hoping that it doesn't have the same impact, but we are watching it closely.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think Bunge is very well positioned. I mean the fact that this need will be met with vegetable oil and there'll be some adjustment depending on which oils are needed, there'll be adjustment in the food market as well as the market reformulates on those that can in the food and fuel to decide which oils they're going to use, but the bottom line is more demand, and that will be positive. And the fact that we work across the soy, all the soft oils and then also have palm in our portfolio, we think we're in a great position with our global platform to serve not only the growing fuel demand, but to continue to serve all of our food customers as well.
Gregory Heckman: Yes, no, you're correct. The environment is very good right now. And I would say if you had to say you think it's probably best to continue here in the fourth quarter. As I said, we are watching it closely. That's not what the curve say. But as we work through Q4 in the next 30 to 60 days, if that momentum continues, then I believe that carries. We think that carries right into Q1. And so you come into 2021 with a lot of momentum. So right now, we like the way the environment looks. We're always cautiously optimistic, but very good right now and feels -- and that's why we went ahead and guided up in total. It's because of our confidence in how the environment feels and that we do believe that will carry into Q1, and then we'll see where it goes from there.
Gregory Heckman: Argentina continues to be really, really bound up, right? The farmer being very reluctant marketer. There's a lot of discussion, a lot of guesses about how it might unfold, but the producer has been very resilient. And that, of course, as you've seen, has been tough on margins and tough on utilization rates. So I'm sure glad we're running a global system. And the team in Argentina is doing a great job in a very tough environment. We've been there decades and we've got a lot of experience. But right now, we don't see that situation improving until there's some clear direction.
Gregory Heckman: I think it's just consistent with our promise to continue with more transparency and granularity about the results to try to help everyone understand the Bunge earnings power better.
Gregory Heckman: Yes, that's correct. We want to be there to serve that growth, but we want to do what we're core and what we're best at. And so we'll work with our customers. We'll look at places where it makes sense. If it's debottlenecking refinery or adding storage and handling capabilities to help manage customer supply chains. But we'll look at the context of anything we do with our network that it serves all of our food and fuel customers. So as we improve our network, we get that optionality. So we definitely want to work hand in glove, but we'll be very disciplined about putting capital to work in long-lived assets and make sure it's an area where we have the right to win.
Gregory Heckman: No. That's correct. And as that's kind of the nature generally of this industry is that there's always more liquidity in the near quarter and the following quarter. And the curves kind of reflect that not only liquidity, but you're going to have to show me that these margins are going to stay here. And so that's what's reflected in our outlook.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. You're absolutely correct. Some of that business purchased from the Brazilian farmer has been pulled forward versus normal selling patterns. So they're around 50% sold right now, and they've even started to nibble at the 2022 crop, selling a little bit of that. So with the change in the real, it's been a profitable situation. And so it's definitely been -- the timing has been moved up on that.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Our crush facilities have run very well in China this year, and that's really been on the back of as China recovered, not only the oil demand recovered. But as we talked about, that pork herd has been -- the hog herd has been getting built back much more quickly than we thought. The other factor is we had talked that we expect inclusion rates to be higher as the professional operations came up, and we saw that as well. So I think the -- kind of the market believes they're about halfway back from pre-COVID levels. So they've still got a ways to go, but that has been a big part of that meal demand. So I think global pork up I think around 4%. China leading that, but it's also U.S. and EU and Brazil are also up.
Gregory Heckman: And then on the -- the global chicken was up just a bit as well, but China put that in place early. That demand is still there as the pork comes back. And then also some increase in Brazil, EU, U.S. and India. So it's good, broad demand.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. It adds -- demand has rebounded I think more quickly than everyone thought. With people eating from home, right, the center of the grocery store has been very, very strong. The QSR has returned very quickly. It's the smaller food service, the street business that's been hurt very badly. And so that's pulled foodservice down in total. But the CPG strength has been stronger than we thought in making that up. So we definitely kind of over forecast the impact that, that would have. And so now as -- yes, so now as we continue to watch COVID, I think we're not as concerned -- we're always concerned, but not as concerned since we've been through that cycle once.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. 6 years of history. What we didn't put in there, right, we didn't -- Imcopa is not in there. We really didn't build in any food growth. There's no plant protein growth. There's no renewable diesel growth. So it was the -- that's why we call the baseline. It's not earnings power. It's baseline earnings. And then we looked at the historical crush margins and that's of our system, weighted for our system, and that was around 34. Now just to give you some benchmark on that, on a year-to-date, we're at about 40 versus that benchmark of 34. And I think you're seeing that in the earnings and us taking the earnings up for the year. And then as that momentum continues into 2021, that's kind of what we'll be anchoring off of as we think about that.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Yes. That definitely wasn't in our numbers. That's been an increase and that's been a positive increase. As that continues, I'd say the entire underlying, this feels a lot more sustainable than at the time we talked about it.
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Thanks, Ken. Sure. And I think we're at that point. As we talk about, we're finishing the portfolio work. We've got a couple more deals. We'll probably announce before the end of the year one small one, one a little more sizable. And we've really turned to look at the growth. And as we start to have the cash from earnings and closing the deals to invest, that's the fun. The attention in the system, the team competing for that capital because we're going to be very disciplined about how we put that capital to work. But we'll continue to think about where we improve to protect or improve our footprint in our Agribusiness. So any regional consolidation that makes sense. The other is we'll continue to build on our specialty fats and oils footprint. That's a business we believe that there'll be some tuck-in and bolt-on acquisitions to improve either our product or our geography offerings to customers. Again, we'll be disciplined about those values. We announced one deal in the plant protein side, and it's an exciting place. That trend in plant protein growth, that is in place. That's a place where we have a right to win. We've got a great team that's working on that. We've got a real nice pipeline of projects. You'll be hearing more about that in the future as we roll things out, but we're working with customers, customers that we already have relationships with on the fats and oil side broadly and that we have specifically in providing the fats and oils that make those plant proteins taste good and have the mouth feel and the bite that we all love so much. And then on the renewable diesel side, as we talked about, the benefit of that demand, it lifts the entire oil market across our food and fuel platform, and we'll look for those opportunities to serve those customers. And again, that -- thinking through that lens as we make improvements in our Agribusiness footprint to serve all our customers. So we're really excited about the performance of the team. We're excited about having the earnings at this point where we're really at the inflection point, starting to move into growth and excited to have some real new opportunities in this industry around growth in plant proteins and renewable diesel, which is new demand as well as just good demand continues to be up and to the right. So excited about what we're doing here, Ken, and really, really proud of the team. So looking forward to talking to you again after the next quarter.
John Neppl: Thanks, Ben. This is John. I think we're well underway on the $1 of self-help. A couple of things yet that -- yet to close, the grain sale, of course, the proceeds from that and the proceeds from the merger in the mayo deal, neither of those are closed yet, which is part of the dollar balance sheet as we firm up the balance sheet. In terms of the cost savings side, I think we're well on our way there. We've shown good progress both on the SG&A side and on the industrial side. So we feel very confident that we'll get the 50% to 60% we talked about there. And then we're continuing to improve our underlying business in a number of ways. One of those was in specialty that we were focused on as part of that improvement. In terms of going forward and thinking about how we're performing relative to investment-grade credit rating, I think we are definitely heading in the right direction. I think our metrics continue to improve. We're having good dialogue with the rating agencies, and I think they're pleased with the progress. And so our goal, of course, is to get back to solid BBB with S&P on stable outlook and get an upgrade with Moody's. And again, I can't predict when that will happen, but I think we're doing all the right things. And ultimately, from a capital allocation standpoint, with the cash generation that we've been able to produce, we're taking a hard look at our -- what we need to do going forward here.
John Neppl: Well, I don't think the -- the recent improvement, certainly, while we're very happy with that, obviously, I don't think it changes our long-term plans with that business. The team that is running it, it's a very solid team. We've got a great partner in BP. So we're very happy with the current arrangement. But our goal long term, again, it hasn't changed, which is to divest to that business over time, whether through a sale to BP or an IPO or some other ultimate exit. But in the meantime, we'll continue to support them as best we can. Long term, we'll see what the opportunities are when that occurs. It's going to be at least 12 to 18 months out before something happens there most likely. And we'll see what opportunity we have with that capital at that point in time.
John Neppl: It was -- the business did not perform well in Q3. It was a slight loss. And yes, so it would still be accretive at divestiture just on the transaction itself without any reinvestment of the capital.
John Neppl: Yes. It's really been -- it's been an effort to try to provide a little bit of clarity around how mark-to-market, how we think about it. We've been verbalizing it over the last few years, frankly, but it has created a lot of confusion at times for people. So we just thought it was cleaner to just show it in here in our adjusted results rather than giving adjusted results and then saying, "And on top of that, here is the mark-to-market impact."
