Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning everyone. Turning to slide 3, you can see the agenda for today's call. I'll start with an overview of the second quarter and then hand it over to John, who will go into more detail on our performance. I'll share how we're thinking about the second half of the year, and close with some remarks on the second quarter, and how that fits in with what we discussed during our business update last month, before opening line up for your questions. I want to start by wishing you all well, and hope your families and colleagues are safe and healthy. This is a relentless challenge we're all facing. I'd also like to very pointedly thank our team for their hard work, resilience and focus. Our results in the first half of 2020 are a testament to their dedication to getting the job done, and I couldn't be prouder. Last, I'd like to thank all of you, who joined us for a virtual business update meeting last month. We appreciate the positive feedback we've received and we look forward to continuing the dialogue. With that, let's turn to the quarter starting with slide 4. Bunge delivered a very strong second quarter with operations reflecting the way we intend to run the business going forward and demonstrating the benefit of our new operating model, leadership team and mindset. Performance across all of our core businesses was excellent. Our strong execution in committed crush capacity, exceptional coordination of trade flows, and great risk management allowed us to capture above-average margins and deliver solid top and bottom line results. Across the platform, we hit record capacity utilization in crushing, reduced unplanned downtime about 20% year-over-year and had the lowest operating quarter costs for soy crush in the last three years. We realized the benefit from the risk management decisions we made in the first half of the year and we earned new business with our focus on innovation and a collaborative approach with customers. We generated strong free cash flow, while still being disciplined with capital allocation and continue to execute on our key priorities, including refining the portfolio and gaining momentum on reducing costs.  Agribusiness had outstanding performance this quarter with improved performance in essentially every part of the business. In oilseed, as we expected prior period timing losses were reversed as gains.  Average global replacement soy crush margins across the quarter were $27. But because of our active risk management and effective use of working capital to capture market opportunities, we were able to execute at an average of $40 per metric ton. In grains performance in Brazil was exceptional as we benefited from increased farmer selling as local prices increased with the devaluation of the Brazilian real. Food & Ingredients continues to gain traction and demonstrated our nimbleness and flexibility in the current environment. Even as food service demand fell off as a result of lockdowns around the world, our growing strength with CPG food processors and renewable diesel producers, including new customer wins in those areas offset the COVID-related impacts in foodservice. As COVID continues to present challenges for our customers, they are increasingly turning to Bunge, because the resilience of our value chain model can provide innovative solutions that will continue to benefit our relationships going forward. With the backdrop of great commercial execution, we continue to focus on optimizing our portfolio and recently entered into an agreement to sell the asset to the small noncore food business in Brazil that produces tomato sauces. We've also officially closed our White Plains office and are well-adjusted to our St. Louis headquarters and interim remote working situation. In short, we're very pleased with the results this quarter, and very pleased with our overall momentum. Given the strong Q2, our outlook for the full year is now higher. I'll now turn it over to John, who'll walk you through the financials and some of the puts and takes related to our outlook.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. As we wrap up, it's clear that we're managing the business to maximize economic results and value creation for the long-term not any one calendar quarter. Accounting requirements can create timing differences that smooth out overtime. The mark-to-market losses, we recorded in the first quarter that reversed this quarter as expected are a good example of this.  During our business update meeting last month, we forecasted a strong second quarter which ended up being even stronger than expected. We highlighted our new leadership team and our new approach to risk management and you can see our execution this quarter.  We emphasized that progress is our key priorities of improving financial discipline, optimizing our portfolio and changing our operating model to drive excellent performance. We've continued to execute on each of those areas. We stress greater transparency and accountability and you're seeing that in our reporting today. And finally, we told you that we're taking actions that have set us up to get to an earnings baseline of $5 per share with additional upside. While there's more work to be done, we're moving in the right direction, we're operating better than we have in many years and we're making progress every day.  And with that we'll open the line for your questions. 
Greg Heckman: Well, I think it's both. No doubt the team did a great job of being in position to take advantage of the opportunities that we saw, whether it was the farmer selling, driven by the action in Brazilian real in Brazil, and which not only helped drive the strong exports there, but our crush utilization. But also, even in the U.S., where we saw the opportunity with margins where we were able to run hard to delay some maintenance, and of course improved on unscheduled downtime to go ahead and capture those margins while they were there. So, definitely a combination of environment, but definitely the team executing very well in this environment.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Yeah. Current crush replacement margins are in the U.S. around mid-20s; mid- to high-single-digits in Brazil; low-single-digits in Argentina. And then, you've got Europe and China both in the mid-20s. Now that being said, even in the last couple of weeks, we've seen the curve start to improve a little bit. So, as usual, we don't have a lot of visibility into Q4. And as usual, we have more locked in Q3 than we do in Q4, but that's not unusual. And then, the kind of the broader, I think, keys to watch on the crush, the flags are -- as we know, we've seen the strong exports with the farmer selling in Brazil, the strong exports there to China and then we've seen China increasing their purchases here in the U.S. And the question will be, what pace will that continue on, as well as we've got the crop developing here in the U.S., a big, big corn crop but the bean crop is developing very well. So, it looks like we'll have a big harvest, and then how the farmer decides to commercialize that. So, those are the key flags here as we watch the second half develop.
Greg Heckman: Yes. What we saw the big driver of course is around U.S. foodservice and where we talked about from a QSR -- we're a little over-indexed to QSR and to the big QSR, so April was down about 40%. But then, during the rest of the quarter, we saw a strong recovery. Some of that no doubt was pipeline filling, but we saw levels get to year ago levels. Now, as that's kind of leveled off we think that it stabilized between the balance of what business moved over to the retail or CPG space and versus how foodservice where some of the closings coming back out were probably net of 15%. And we expect that to probably be pretty wavy on the demand as things open and close and we manage through COVID through the balance of the year.
Greg Heckman: We're definitely optimistic about what's happening overall. There has been some of Q3 pulled into Q2 in South America. But with the programs that are building in the U.S. we're definitely seeing very good port margins there. I think, the way -- what you'll have to weigh there is how the buying continues for the program for the rest of the year on export out of the U.S. versus the farmer commercializing, what's to be a very big crop.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think what we've really seen is there continues to be a little bit of magic in the specialty fats and oils at Loders that we added into the legacy Bunge portfolio of our commodity oils and then our global footprint. So what we've been able to do is help people solve their problems whether it's the switchover in the product mix we saw as people went from eating away from home to eating at home to where they were making it and using our global platform to help them solve problems that they understand long-term that the power of Bunge and our ability to move and be nimble and our new operating model definitely supported that. That gets us in a less transactional and more partnership relationship with folks and not on single product, but on the portfolio of products and services we're able to bring. So we definitely like the progress that we're making and it's the right kind of growth with the right customers. 
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think a couple of the big drivers around, let me talk to meal first and then oil. A couple of big drivers, of course, around meal demand have not only been the imports of protein into China, which of course has helped the meal demand in those exporting countries. But the big -- one of the big drivers is how quick China's sales of hogs have come back. And their meal demand has recovered much more quickly than any of us have thought. And then of course, the U.S. where we've got historically high numbers in chicken and hogs has been good for demand and those numbers have not tailed off as quickly as everyone had predicted. And then on the oil side as we talked the oil demand has come back quicker than we thought here in the U.S. and that's not only on the food side, but on the renewable diesel. So we continue to see strong demand there and see some definitely some tailwinds going forward not only second half of 2020 but into 2021 around renewable diesel. Probably the laggard right now and the one that we'll watch is biodiesel in Europe which has been a little bit slower coming back. 
Greg Heckman: No. That's what we're seeing that it is -- it is the inclusion rate, because it's the professional commercial operations that are coming back up, which is how they've come up as quickly as they have.
Greg Heckman: Yes. It feels to us like it's settling out down about 15%. And of course, that's kind of wavy as things open and close and there's still pipeline filling and then working off. But I think down 15% is what our team feels.
Greg Heckman: Yeah. Look, the curves will continue to change. The outlook we're giving you today, is on the curves that we can see. And then of course in the business update, the number we spoke to was a baseline to deliver that $5 earnings so that, based on what you believe the market is doing you can adjust against that baseline. We were making a prediction for crush margins for 2021 there.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Yes. So I'll start with cash flow yield. So as you look at the cash that we generated through the first half of the year, I think, net number after all allocation was $432 million. And as we looked at the first half, you can imagine CapEx was a little underspent, just given COVID-related timing and impact on the ability to get some projects done. We do expect that to pick up a bit in the second half. Certainly, of course, our normal dividends were in there and that will be pretty standard with the second half of the year. When we were looking at the opportunity for stock buyback in the first half of the year, it was really looking at -- as we always do, we're looking at the opportunity for risk-adjusted return and where is the stock trading and what do we have in the pipeline in terms of projects. And we just felt like it was a good time to step into the market. We'll continue to look at it. We always do, as we communicated a month ago at our business update. In the second half of the year, I think, while we'll expect earnings to be more modest than they are for the first half of the year, we're also looking at CapEx likely picking up. We also -- you'll see in our Q, we announced we're making a $65 million contribution to our pension plan to take advantage of some tax opportunities. That will have a small impact on cash flow in the second half, but we'll continue to assess all of that. In terms of RMI, it's very seasonal. Certainly, our growth in second quarter related to the strong origination in South America, we are well ahead of our normal pace in terms of farmers selling and our ability to get a hold of the crop. So we feel very good about how we're positioned there. And then, of course, in Q4 we'll have a big growth in RMI, because of North American harvest. So, we'll expect to see that. But, again, we're managing that in a smart way, making sure that when we invest in RMI we're getting a return on that.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I'd say, we continue to look at what the current curves are giving us in the second half. Now that can change quickly, as we saw last year in Q4. And we're definitely -- we're facing something that we haven't seen before, right? We're still working through the trade war. We've got COVID, but we are facing it with a new Bunge, that's a different team and a different operating model. So we feel, based on the opportunity that we see, we'll get more than our share of that. Sure, some of the Brazil business was pulled a little forward into Q2 from the second half, but the other side of that is, we've got big crops coming in the U.S. And we'll see how the farmer markets is cropped there and then how China continues as they work against the trade deal and fulfilling their obligations. They've been very aggressive here in the last couple of months. And then we've got the oil complex, which feels like it continues to tighten, really as we look across the complex. If COVID improves that also helps the curve. Argentina continues to be a challenging situation for all of us operating there, with the farmer continuing to be a very reluctant marketer, as he protects himself financially as well as some of the industry just continuing to struggle. So, net-net, a lot of people are in the spot because of that uncertainty they're seeing from their customers with COVID. So a lot of meal and oil customers are spot buyers today. That's also giving us less visibility. But the numbers are out there and we expect the business to be there. And I think we're very comfortable that we remain nimble, we remain well-positioned and we've got the right team to take advantage of the opportunities as they happen.
Greg Heckman: Well, I think the operating model has been a key driver, Ken. We talked about unscheduled downtime. And that's one having the assets up and ready to run, but it's also how the industrial and the commercial teams are working together on getting the inputs there, getting the products away to make sure that those plants stay up and run. And then of course, the first step before that is making sure that we get the customer business done and that's whether it's the customer selling the beans on the origination side and the customer buying the meal and oil, so that we've managed those earnings at risk. We've locked them in and we're able to run our facilities full. And that's where the capacity utilization is coming from as well as, as I said the team staying in step and making sure that we keep those facilities running. So it's been great coordination. We're looking at it as a global business, so we're able to move much faster as we move business around. And frankly, we've been able to help customers solve some of their problems and that's meant extra business for us as well. And then the other thing we talked about is, we're now scheduling the business as a global company and being thoughtful about when we're taking our scheduled downtimes to again get the capacity utilization and make sure we're running where the margins are best.
Greg Heckman: Absolutely. We continue to be really pleased with the transformation. We're ahead of our own schedule in several areas and on schedule in the others and all that in the midst of COVID. So couldn't be more pleased with the team the ability to execute for customers in a really challenging environment, but also continue to stay focused on the transformation. Now look we've still got more to do. There's more self-help to come where there's more cost to get out as we finish the portfolio rationalization here at the end of the year, and as we finish our rewiring, but we're on track. We know what we're doing and we got the right team doing it. We feel real good about things. 
John Neppl: Yeah. Adam, I would say on Edible Oils, even though we had a little bit better second quarter than expected, over the whole year if you look back versus where we were in April, we've actually taken the number down slightly. And then Sugar, I'd say probably in the $30 million range in terms of our -- the impact of that from a P&L standpoint versus April. And reminder that, that's a non-cash recording of the investment in the underlying JV.
John Neppl: Yes. So the JV has been working on hedging that. And at the end of June, they had $150 million of it hedged. Their target is to hedge half the $700 million to get to $350 million. For us because the debt is non-recourse to us, it would have been a case of us putting a hedge on just to impact reported earnings which then affect just basically FX position. We manage our exposure to the real at a much broader level for the company rather than on any specific individual exposure. And while that's a reported earnings impact from a cash standpoint, it doesn't really impact us. So, we made the decision not to do anything on our books because we look at it more globally from a real standpoint, but they are making progress in terms of getting that covered.
John Neppl: Yes. So if you look at kind of where we were coming into the quarter here, I think average consensus was $2.83 somewhere in that range. And the way we look at it probably the biggest delta in our forecast now is $100 million I mentioned in Agribusiness. And the rest of it kind of all offsets net -- kind of net to close to zero. So, if you think about $100 million from an EPS standpoint that's around $0.55 roughly. And so that's kind of how we're thinking about it right now. 
John Neppl: Yes. Ben, I'll take that. So with respect to some of our projects that we're working on let's -- I'll go give you a quick rundown of things we've talked about before first. And obviously, our Brazil merger in the mayo business, we had announced previously still underway still in regulatory in Brazil, but moving along. And I think we feel pretty confident, we'll get that closed this year. We've talked before about the U.S. grain asset sale. With the review there it's probably -- we've talked before late Q4 Q1 type event to get that closed. I think we still feel pretty confident in that timing. And then we do have another project that we've been working on. I would say it's been a little bit COVID-related, but it's moving -- it's moving slowly, but it's moving forward. And it's just really at the pace of how we can work that with our counterparty. But all those things we're pretty positive on how they're moving. And then on the other side with the announcement of Imcopa that's progressing. Again from a regulatory and timing standpoint it's probably slowed down a little bit but we still feel pretty comfortable with where that's headed. 
John Neppl: Yes. When we – Heather, this is John. So when we put in the forecast it's probably a week ago or so that we finalized that maybe a little bit less than a week ago. And we took some of that into consideration, but we don't assume going forward any big change one way or the other. So it -- we've got the remember we're -- the reporting of that is the end of May for our June 30. So any change from May to the end of June would be reflected in Q3. And then of course all the way through August will be recorded in our September number. So we don't have a big assumption one way or the other in there in terms of where it's headed. But obviously that will have an impact going forward. 
John Neppl: Notwithstanding, the -- any fluctuation in currency I think our expectation is that there should be a small contribution from sugar in the second half to flat to zero. We don't expect underlying operational losses to continue in the second half, based on what we can see. So it's all going to be dependent upon the exchange rate, now -- how that impacts the reported numbers from the debt. 
John Neppl: Yes. No, we're not calling the second half consistent with last year's second half. Maybe, there was some confusion there. 
John Neppl: No. That's for the full year. So that's looking at the overperformance in the first half and then projecting -- taking a look at the second half. And for the full year, we're calling it up $100 million.
John Neppl: And I would just add that Ken that we are focusing -- most likely on the SG&A side. We're focused on industrial costs as well. And I think the team is making good progress there. It's not always visible, because it's buried in the margin number, but -- although we've incurred a little bit of excess cost here in the second quarter relative to COVID, I think we feel really good about where we're headed from a cost standpoint as well. It's going to take time, but I think there's -- the team is making good progress on that as well.
