Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. We faced headwinds in the first quarter, as expected, but are confident that we will deliver strong results in 2012. Agribusiness and Food Ingredients performed well. However, in sugar & bioenergy, lower margins for ethanol depressed results. And fertilizer results were impacted by an environment of falling international prices, as well as a non-recurring item. Looking ahead, market conditions in agribusiness are better than they were at the beginning of the year. Supply and demand in oilseeds and grains is more balanced, and export shipments in key crops are up compared to last year, which should support volumes and margins globally. Volatility should persist, but we feel confident that our risk management capabilities will enable Bunge to navigate the market successfully. In sugar & bioenergy, margins should improve significantly with the new harvest, and we are confident we will meet expectations for the remainder of the year. And in fertilizer, we expect margins and volumes to improve with the start of the traditional sale season. But we clearly have more work to do here and continue to evolve our business model to yield better returns. Now I will turn it over to Drew who will discuss our first quarter financial results and outlook.
Alberto Weisser: Obviously, we have worked on our model in fertilizer, and we have had a much better performance already on the risk side. But when you have crops like we had this time in many of the inputs, it is very difficult to manage it. But as we have reduced significantly our inventory cash cycle time, most of it is already through the system. We have a little bit of it in April, but that is why we -- most of it is out. So we feel quite confident for the rest of the year.
Alberto Weisser: Oh, we have the normal type of inventory. And what -- the only big difference was that at this time of the year, we expect an increase in the ethanol price. And it did not exactly happened and for a couple of weeks, because of the concentration of the ethanol that came from the U.S., there was even a drop over 5, 6 weeks. So kind of concentrating it at the same time. But it is -- more or less, we were expecting this. We were -- did not expect it to have a profit in this quarter, but it was a little bit more relevant.
Alberto Weisser: The first quarter for Bunge is always the weakest, and we performed, on this quarter, better than the fourth quarter of 2011. That gives an indication. And so it is normally the end of the Northern Hemisphere's cycle. So crush margins were -- have improved, but they were below the long-term trends. So we've felt that our performance in the first quarter was better than we thought it would happen at the beginning of the year and as we finished the fourth quarter. So that is why we feel it was good. And the reason we feel good about the rest of the year is that it is -- there's better margins in the -- in U.S. It's also in China. There are obviously issues with the rapeseed in Europe. But also, we feel the way the fundamentals are with strong demand and a not excessive large crop in South America will allow good performance in the Northern Hemisphere in the fourth quarter. All of this was a little bit different and less positive during -- in February when we had the fourth quarter call.
Alberto Weisser: I would say that our industry is different, Christina. It is a very competitive industry, has always invested and is investing a lot. It's competitive. And it is a very important contributor to the efficiency of this system. I think it is different.
Alberto Weisser: I would say yes. We have a very good level of confidence. And the difference is that 2010 was significantly drought. Just remember, there were even fires. So this was a very, very significant problem as one of these -- every 20 years time of situation. That is one situation. The second one is we already are in the third year of significant planting and replanting. And you remember, we inherited some of the plantations from Moema where it was under-invested. So the quality of the agronomics are significantly higher. So our level of confidence is continually going up.
Alberto Weisser: No, we are not hearing anything like that. Now obviously, if there are some limitations, it always has an impact. We have had it before and -- but we don't hear anything.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. We feel, today, more comfortable, more confident about 2012 than we felt in February. And we think that agribusiness will offset the shortfalling of fertilizer and sugar & bioenergy. So our level of confidence has increased.
Alberto Weisser: It is correct. But I would add also that the picture has improved in the area of agribusiness, which obviously is, for us, the most important division. And margins are higher in oilseed processing and the outlook for margins, both in oilseed and in grains and also, in terms of volumes, are better as we look into the year. And also, as we are deeper into the year, we have more visibility of the impacts on sugar & bioenergy and also in fertilizer.
Alberto Weisser: I think it is. In terms of fertilizer, you are right to see that when you think about what is the importance of fertilizer for the whole of Bunge, it is very important. But it's a very important component linked to agribusiness. But as a percentage of the whole, it is not that important. Now when you look at the drop in input prices that occurred and when you see how we performed, I think it has showed that we managed as good as we can. We have to remember that we have not found yet a solution how to hedge inventory. We have reduced significantly the cash cycle, the time, the amount of inventories we have. At the same time, we have been able to increase our volume this year. We have increased our market share. But that portion, we have not completely solved yet. And we continue looking for opportunities. But I feel it is well done, as good as it can be done. And in terms of sugar, we have to remember, let us get to our full capacity of agriculture, and then we will see it. And we feel quite confident there.
Alberto Weisser: You also have to remember that the long-term trend of yield is above 80 tons per hectare and all the way to around 85. And what we have seen is something in the low 70s. So there is room on that part as well on the yield side.
Alberto Weisser: It's correct. So there is upside potential when prices go up and downside when prices drop. So the $75 million to $100 million is on most stabilized prices.
Alberto Weisser: It's a mixture of exchange rate but also costs locally. Fertilizer have gone up, energy has gone up, labor cost has gone up. So it's local inflation, but also the exchange rate.
Alberto Weisser: It is operating well now. We have unloaded many rail cars and loaded a couple of ships. Obviously it's early part, so we are still in the fine-tuning. But we are happy with where we are.
Alberto Weisser: I think the main issue is that there is not enough ethanol in the domestic market for this to happen at this stage. So the reason it was reduced from 25% to 20% was because there is not enough ethanol. So I think there is a potential for more incentives to expand ethanol, which would mean a higher price for ethanol, and then we could see a scenario like that. But at the moment, what is needed is more incentives for expansion of production. And that is not there yet. So gas prices would have to be a little bit higher to accomplish that.
Alberto Weisser: I would say the size of the South American crop is large, but it is not too large like it looked at the beginning. So it is at the right amount, so that is why we have been performing well. There is a -- we have to remember, there has, over the last couple of years, been a significant increase in domestic demand in Brazil. And so -- both in meal and in oil. So the structure has improved domestically inside Brazil. At the same time, the crop is big enough to satisfy the local and export needs. But it's not too big, that's what we are saying. If it would have been too big, it would have affected the Northern Hemisphere, especially the U.S. crop or the U.S. export potential. Now there will be business opportunities for the U.S. to export.
Alberto Weisser: I think we have basically harvested already Brazil, and we are at the end of the Argentine harvest. So we know what it is there. So it is enough for...
Alberto Weisser: What you have to remember, Ken, is that the world needs the South American -- especially soybeans but also the grains. So the demand is growing at 4%. So year-after-year, we need some 10 million tons more of the beans. So we should continue seeing growth there.
Alberto Weisser: I would say that the biggest risk is in the issue of export of biodiesel to Spain. And we feel that, that drop in profitability will be offset by increase in the margins in Spain and the rest of the Mediterranean. So more or less, we expect it to be offset because Spain will need to get the biodiesel from somewhere. At the moment we are not operating our biodiesel plant in Spain. So it could start at any moment.
Alberto Weisser: The proof really is that the sugar prices are today at $0.24 per pound or, plus/minus, could be a little bit less. And so -- and they are not where they used to be at $9. And why is that? It's because there needs to be enough profitability for the farmer to expand. So this is what we talked earlier in the call, which is something between $0.20, $0.22 per pound. Otherwise, we will not see an expansion. And that is why -- you need to have an incentive. So there is demand in the world for the sugar. There is demand for ethanol. So there has to be the prices to justify the expansion.
Alberto Weisser: And I think, Ken, a couple of specifics. When we talk about higher cost, that -- those are costs that were carried in from last year's crop when we were in the 14 million to 15 million ton range of production. If we get back to the 17 million to 18 million where we were, I think our core structure is broadly in line with where we thought it was. So there was not a decline there. The other thing to note when you look at the sugar price as it pertains to our business price, the real price is arguably more important than the dollar price. So while you've had sugar prices drop in dollars, they have not really moved that much in reals because the reals has gone the other way. So I understand your points, but I don't think our cost structure has changed significantly, and the price point has not changed significantly. And remember, on the sugar side, we do have a hedging program in place. So we're not always subject to the current sugar price.
Alberto Weisser: Not really, because Argentina really starts at that time, the crop. And Paraguay saw the -- you really have the picture only very clear in the middle of March, end of March. That's number one. The second -- that's one part that gives us the indication. Secondly, also, we needed to see how the impact of the winter kill was in Europe. In addition, we needed to see how -- very important is how the margins performed. And margins improved both in U.S. and China. So it is -- there are significantly more factors that are coming to the picture.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. When we say normal weather, it is -- they are also -- we plan for some issues because you always have some issues. So it is all kind of -- there are going to be pockets of problems here and there. So that is why there might -- yes, normal weather.
Alberto Weisser: It is. We dramatically improved it. But you have to remember that there's quite a long lead time to get the products to -- to have it in place. So they come from Canada, from Russia, from all over the place to inside Brazil. So on average, we need to have a turn, an inventory turn of something like 45 to 60 days, which is a dramatic improvement from the past when it had to be 5 to 6 months. So we did improve it. But we still have to carry the risk, the price risk for these 2 month. So we can't -- we have not found a way to hedge it yet. So that is the problem.
Alberto Weisser: We have continued looking for opportunities to expand our business. We have started some -- something like a little bit over -- around 10 years ago and continue expanding. And obviously, there are issues like we have in every parts where we operate. But we have felt quite receptive. So we continue looking for opportunities to expand.
Alberto Weisser: We don't talk about rumors. And we, all the time, are looking for opportunities to expand. Organically, greenfield, brownfield acquisitions. So that's the way we look at it.
Alberto Weisser: I think what it really shows is that the model we have been talking about is the right one. You need to have large operators with -- operating with many products in many geographies, our model. And when you see the kind of movements we are seeing, it's exactly like that. It's a consolidation and companies becoming larger. So I think it is the proof of the model.
Alberto Weisser: I think it is -- long term, it's the right thing, because you need well-capitalized, large companies which has, obviously, the secondary advantage that all need to make money. So there could be a more rational -- should be a more rational behavior.
Alberto Weisser: I don't think that we are taking the eye off the ball. I think we are very, very focused. When you look at agribusiness, you can see is, is despite difficulties in the environment, the company is performing very strongly. And when you look at in detail, really, most of the growth is in agribusiness. So when you look at Food Ingredients, which is another area that has been very core of Bunge, we, today, are -- our profitability is 2.5x to 3x bigger where it was 5 years ago. So very, very, very clear focus on returns and growth. So when you think about agribusiness, we, by now, have over 60 crushing plants; over 50 refineries; operating 30 ports; very, very, focused on extracting more value on it. Now obviously, we have to look at also other opportunities. Palm is something that we have been looking at for the last 10 years, and we believe that we are doing the right move. It is small. It's a minority investment, but I think it is right in the center of our strategy. And when you look at some of the other acquisitions, the one in India is exactly strengthening our food & ingredients business in the oil sector. Now obviously, some of the -- that makes noise like we have been for many years in the carbon credit business, that is very close to what we do. So it doesn't -- it's not a major component. But if we are able to strengthen some of our existing businesses, I think that fits very well our strategy. Now coming to sugar, we feel also very comfortable and very confident where we are in. It is very difficult when you have a business that is so high in fixed costs and when you don't have -- and when you're not operating at full capacity. So the difference is going to be when we will operating at full capacity. And we are very confident that we will be able to reach our targets.
Alberto Weisser: No, no. We don't -- that's not our view. What we -- we are going what we believe is right. There's very strong demand. We don't need to rely on others. What we demand -- we see the sugar demand growing. We see the ethanol demand growing, and we see the electricity demand growing. All the 3 areas we are in. What we are focusing is all on getting our model right, enough planting so that we can run at full capacity. And the investments we announced in the past is -- we increased to get the balance right. More cogeneration, have the mills operating at the right size so that we can get to our target of 2% points above cost of capital. I think what you were probably referring is there are moments where there are movements in the industry where, perhaps, sometimes, you have too much -- for a short period of time, there is a short term -- there was a couple of weeks where there was a lot of inventory of ethanol, and that had a short impact. I think it was 5 weeks where there was a price which was a little bit lower than we expected on ethanol. But these are normal type of things in the market. I don't know if I got your question right.
Alberto Weisser: At the moment, it can't go up because there is not enough ethanol. So everybody else has to invest to have more production of ethanol. There is pent-up demand. So the situation is constructive for our industry. There's much more demand than supply. That is the reason the government had to reduce the blending rate from 25% to 20%. As the supply goes up, there is room for the government to increase again the blending rate from 20% to 25%.
Alberto Weisser: It might have been a little bit of timing. But it's a mixture -- it's really -- I would say it's minor. It's probably more a special situation that you had suddenly, a lot of older shipments from ethanol, from the U.S., arrived at the same time. There was a -- and the prices did not go up as expected. It's a mixture of things. You remember that also, because as the crop ended up being shorter last year, so the ending cost of goods sold of ethanol was a little bit higher. So there was that movement. A couple of things that reduced the margins. But remember that we expected this to be more or less where it was. There was a little bit -- the drop in margins was a little bit more than we expected. But we expected the loss in the quarter in sugar & bioenergy.
Alberto Weisser: The net additions in worldwide are less than the demand. So the capacity utilization should go up over the near future. And we still have excess capacity in China, and we have in U.S. So the reductions of capacity in U.S. is still not enough to bring it completely into balance. In China, it is more a situation that the capacity addition were of very efficient plants. So the very inefficient plants have not been operating or at lower profitability. So the trend is the right one, but we do need -- especially in the U.S., we do need either more capacity reduction or stronger demand increase.
Alberto Weisser: I feel quite confident that our industry is different than the energy sector. We have always been a heavy investor all the time. The best plants, state-of-the-art plants are in -- most of them are in Argentina. And it's a very competitive environment. It is -- has always been extremely well integrated with the global system. So I do feel that it's a complete different situation in our industry.
Alberto Weisser: Obviously, this is a very hotly debated internal subject because the industry is an industry with strong growth, organic growth. So we always have much more projects that we have funds available. So the biggest fight internally are for capital allocation. So we privileged a mixture of core business plus highest returns. And so we always look at what brings the highest net present value of future cash flows. So very simple, we do it like that. So that is the way we allocate the different businesses. And I think you saw it very clearly, the fact that we -- the way we increased our business or expanded our business into sugar & bioenergy was with new equity from the outside. We did not sacrifice our cash flow. We did focus on continue growing our agribusiness and food & ingredients business. So this adjacent component of our strategy and now is also core business, at the beginning, had its own funding. So obviously, the other component is that we have a high hurdle rate for the projects, and we have demanding targets for the projects. And the limitation of our CapEx is related to the fact that we want to be a strong BBB company. We are getting there with all the rating agencies, and that's where we think is the sweet spot of what we should be. Obviously, acquisitions have an advantage that normally, you get directly the cash flow from the acquisitions. And we have been very successful in the past with all of the integrations. But we also are very careful because there are some risks. And I think we have shown that we are disciplined in both of the areas. I don't know if that covers your question.
Alberto Weisser: It really depends always on commodity prices. So if commodity prices do not increase more, or if they give back some of the increases, we should be breakeven on free cash flow.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, let me start with the last thing you asked. All of the problems that we incurred are behind us. They have been fixed, and the implementation is up to date. As you know, Brazil has a complicated local tax structure, and getting that exactly right to be able to process all our shipments on a timely basis was difficult for the first weeks that we had the new system up and running. That is behind us somewhat now. It's hard to give you a precise number for the impact of what it was, because I would be assuming how much we would've slowed if we didn't have to settle down. But it could be in the $10 million range.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. We're actually very excited to be bringing our Brazil business onto SAP. Because, as you know, that type of enterprise management system gives you a great chance to increase productivity and make the operations better on an ongoing basis. It's just unfortunate that we had to go through some difficulties in the initial startup. But overall, we think it'll be a great addition to our business.
Andrew J. Burke: Christina, I think the one thing I would add to that is we did not make a commercial decision to carry extra inventories in the quarter. We do a lot of our ethanol business under contracts, and what we carried into the quarter was the amount of ethanol we needed to satisfy those contracts.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Christina, the one reason -- or let me, as a reminder, going into this quarter, we didn't expect a good performance out of the U.S., which is more usually one of our stronger performance or performers in the quarter, as they're at the tail of the crop. But if you remember, the crop was not good last year. So the earnings opportunities weren't there, nor did we expect them to be there. So that's why we do feel it was a solid quarter based on what we did expect to happen. But we never expected it to be a record quarter or a big quarter because market conditions just weren't there.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. If you look at the $8 to $10 range, there are a number of variables that we would have to consider. I would say, as you go up in the range from a cost standpoint, we get more effective and you move up to the upper end of the range. And at the lower part, you'll be at the lower. That's correct. But there are also inherent price assumptions in that range and a number of other assumptions that are important for the model. But for this year, we're very comfortable that we'll be there in longer-term as we move up the capacities, while our projections show us that, that range is very realistic.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, David, we still think on an annual run rate we can get to that $75 million to $100 million type of number. We do not believe we can get to it this year, the $75 million -- $74 million loss if you include the notable item, $50 million without it in the first quarter is quite large. We think we'll be able to recover that, but not recover that and get back to the type of numbers we've given you. And so I think, longer term, our run rate target hasn't changed. The business at times has shown it can do that. This period with the drop in the international prices has set it back. As Alberto said, we continue to search for methods to hedge that, but we have not found a satisfactory method. But when our Fertilizer business is up and running and doing well, it can make the $75 million to $100 million. I think if you analyze the performance through the second half of the year, you'll get numbers up in that range, maybe even a little better.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, when you look at it, harvest -- when you start harvest, the cane isn't finished growing. The sugar matures throughout the harvest. That is why, in the first portion of the harvest, you get the lower sugar yields. And in the later period, the yields are higher. So weather continues to remain important and can affect the crop either way. We've made reasonable assumptions on the weather. I think there's room for a little bit of downside, but there's probably also room for a little bit of upside if the weather is perfect. But the weather question isn't answered till maybe the September time period, something like that.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Ken, it's hard to give you a precise answer to your question because it depends where the world's supply and demand balance sheets are and how much product is in stock. With the reduction in the bean crop this year in South America, as you come -- their season is going to end earlier, so there's going to be a lot stronger pull on the U.S. crop to fill that need and potentially enough of pull on the new U.S. crop that you're going to need a big South American crop, and they're going to have -- and the U.S. is going to have to stop crushing earlier because they're going to be exporting at a higher rate earlier in the season. So that could be very good for South America. And then we want a crop at least the size to get us through to the next North American harvest. So it's a very bullish scenario for soybeans and a very bullish scenario for where our assets are situated.
Andrew J. Burke: The window for the South American crop will be smaller because they won't have the product to keep exporting as long as they have. But we do think there are sufficient supplies that they can fill the export demand until the U.S. crop can come up and start running and then they will fill the gap. You won't have the overlap between the 2 crops for the extended period you had before. Typically, both are in the market at the same time. This year, it won't be precisely sequential, but it'll be more sequential than overlapping.
Andrew J. Burke: I think -- it's a mix of both. I mean, we're a lot surer on what our crop is for this year now. We know where our hedging programs are. We know where ethanol prices seem to settle. So it's a combination of those things that we've seen put into a forecast for the year. Right? So I'm not sure which difference you are. But -- people are trying to get at this earlier. You get your first real good look at the crop in April and then you have the finishing weather. But it's not as important as the weather probably before April. So we've got a pretty good idea on the 17 million to 18 million tons. But I can't sit here and tell you finishing weather won't affect it. We have a pretty good idea of what our costs are for the upcoming season, and we know where we're hedged. So we put all those into the model and come out to the range that we've been indicating on the phone.
Andrew J. Burke: We are obviously very close to that issue because it has an impact on our operations. It may change the way we do some things, but we don't expect it to have a significant impact on either our operations or our financials.
Andrew J. Burke: I think you've got processing margins, but you also have handling margins. And export capacity is going to run at very high levels, both in South America and in North America and Europe during this period. Because when they are the producing region, they're going to have to run at very high capacities, both in processing and handling. So it'll move through. I think, Alberto referred to the winter kill. If you get less wheat in the world, you're going to have higher soybean meal consumption because wheat won't be used as much in feed rations, and that is favorable for meal. So it's a variety of factors around those crops. I don't know that I would simply say a certain size crop matters. It really matters what it does to capacity utilization and the pull on our system at any one point in time instead of an absolute crop number. And the Brazilian crush margins have been fine. So I think we're comfortable and our view is changing because of the way the crops are lining up and the way it's putting a pull on our system to get the product in the places the customers need it.
Andrew J. Burke: I don't have it right in front of me, David. But I think if you annualize interest, you'll come pretty, pretty close. Annualized net interest, you'll come pretty close to what it would be with always the chance that commodity prices, in fact, back that obviously. Where we are with depreciation is about $500 million, $550 million, $575 million, in that range. And what was the third you asked me? I'm sorry.
Andrew J. Burke: Capital spending, we said about $1 billion, and we're -- $1 billion, $1.2 billion, and we're still on target for that. No big change.
Andrew J. Burke: The real did not have a big effect on this quarter versus the prior quarter. It was pretty immaterial. I would say, our run rate will be a little bit lower than it was in this quarter. We did take some bad debt reserves in the quarter relating to some farmer financing, which goes into the SG&A line. So that pushed it up a little bit. And we have invested a little bit more money in our marketing efforts in Brazil, because we think there's opportunity there. So the run rate would be somewhat lower than it was in the quarter.
Andrew J. Burke: There are actually 2 that comprise most of it. One was current and more a customer than a farmer. The other one was older from '05, '06, and it involved the fact that the collateral turned out to have less value than we expected.
