Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. We had a good third quarter. Agribusiness results were solid, and I'm especially pleased because it was a very balanced performance, with contributions from all geographies in all product lines. We now have 6 years of strong growing consistent performance in Agribusiness as a consequence of our approach to growth, which has focused on expanding in 3 areas: geographies, portfolios and value chains. This approach is one that has made the business balanced and resilient through changing conditions and difficult market environments. I'm also pleased that Food & Ingredients and Fertilizer showed improved performance from the challenging first half of the year, and results in Sugar & Bioenergy, on a comparable basis, were higher than last year, but below the potential of this business. Our continued sugarcane planting and other cost reduction efforts, which will result in increased sales volume and lower unit cost, will help us realize this potential. We are making steady progress and remain optimistic for a strong performance in the 2013 crop year. Regarding the continuing effects of the U.S. drought, the current market environment has been and will continue to be volatile and complex for everyone who participates in our industry, including farmers, processors and the livestock industry. Stocks of corn and soybeans are tight, and as a result, the world is adjusting to typical trade flows. Bunge's role is to help farmers and customers manage through this environment by providing market access for crops and delivering the right products when and where they are needed. We have the core strength, geographic balance, a diverse product portfolio, an experienced team and a strong balance sheet that will enable us to fulfill this role effectively and profitably. The world needs record crops to rebuild stocks, and today's high prices are sending a strong signal to farmers, especially in South America, to plant. Early indications are that soybean production will be at record levels. And as new crops are harvested, we should see a more balanced supply/demand situation, which will be good for consumers and for the market overall. I will now turn the call over to Drew, who will take you through the quarter and our outlook.
Alberto Weisser: I would say that this year was unusual because we had these 2-month strike of many federal agencies that only made it worse. So we had planned for a certain behavior. But the strike made it really worse. So as we look into the new crop, I'm sure there will be some issues. But at the same time there are more and more new avenues of exports. So especially, there's more of the products flowing north through the rivers of the Amazon out and through Victoria through San Francisco do Sul. I think there will be an issue, but assuming that there is no strike from any agencies, we should see a logistic flow that is okay.
Alberto Weisser: This one especially unfortunate because it was in the high season of fertilizer, the high season of the sugar movement. So I hope there's none when we export soybeans and corn next year.
Alberto Weisser: Overall, the prices for hydrous ethanol worse than the anhydrous. So the changing of the blend will be positive. Now the exports also anhydrous, so what will happen is whatever -- wherever the price is more attractive, I think everybody will start shifting more from hydros to anhydrous. So if the export market is more attractive, you will see more export, and if -- with a blend. If the domestic one is more interesting, we will see more local sales. So the good news is this -- both of them are positive.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. But if I understood your question correctly, obviously on merchandising, the whole origination, elevation merchandising, the margin per ton is slightly lower than processing because you also have less investment in assets.
Alberto Weisser: It really was an excellent quarter in the sense that every region and every product line performed well. So we had good performance in South America with processing and origination. We had good improvement in margins in the Northern Hemisphere. So North America, Europe performed well. So it was everywhere. It is not one silver bullet. It was -- everything was doing -- was performing well, the merchandising business, distribution, origination. So I'm sorry to tell you, there's not one answer, it's many. So I think that's also the power of what we have built over the last many years, that it is very well-balanced.
Alberto Weisser: Absolutely. And now -- the next 2 quarters is mainly the Northern Hemisphere. It starts in Northern Brazil, the harvest in early January, but the volume of the business now is the Northern Hemisphere. We are processing what was harvested, both in North America and Europe.
Alberto Weisser: No, it was pretty much expected. The market expected it. It was overall very well coordinated. So we don't -- the volumes were as expected and good, and the transition to the reduction in exports, there's no real surprise here.
Alberto Weisser: The situation will allow Bunge to play its strength because of our large presence in South America. And we have been very active in filling our pipeline so that we can start earlier than usual with the production and exports from South America. So if necessary, if the North American supply dwindles earlier because of strong demand, I think we can kick in with the South American supply. So we are preparing for this situation. So it should be a good transition, and we should play an important role here.
Alberto Weisser: I would say that the main reason is that the quarter was very complicated with the port issues. And there was significant longer delays to unload the ships. That created really a havoc because this is the most important time of deliveries to the farmers. In addition, some of competitors got nervous and unloaded inventory faster. And so it was a very complicated quarter. So volumes were lower and also margins were lower. And we do not expect this to be repeated. So we expect this to stabilize.
Alberto Weisser: The fourth quarter is an important quarter, but it's also the end of the season, so we expect it to be well.
Alberto Weisser: We continue expanding in the regions we are present as you have seen in North America, in U.S. with the EGT, the Pacific Northwest terminal, which also meant that we expanded our grain origination in North America. The same we are doing in South America, in Eastern Europe. So we are growing organically. What is new is we are expanding both in Africa and in -- we are making investments in Australia and also expanding now our grain origination in Canada. So the business continues growing in geography and in products.
Alberto Weisser: I would say generally from an impact on Bunge, it's not that relevant because we operate in all the oils. And on soybean, we have to remember that one of the soybean meal pod is even more important than the oil side. So these kind of movements happen from time to time. We also have a shorter rapeseed crop and canola crop. So you have movements in which oil is more abundant than others. So at the moment, we have one which is the palm oil. So you see different flows, and it's reflected on prices. But remember, we work on margins in general. So we can -- mix had changed some of the oils we work with, should not have a significant impact on us.
Alberto Weisser: I do believe that we have more consolidation because we have shown that the market has shown that it is necessary to have large companies with a significant geography spread and strong balance sheets to operate and serve the markets in these volatile times. And so we expect them to continue. And we are part of it, but at the same time we have shown we are disciplined operators. So when we do acquisitions, they have to meet our hurdle rate. If they are too expensive, we will not move and then we prefer to do either greenfield over a longer period of time. So just remember that over the last 15 years, we have increased 10x in size. And that was a lot in terms of acquisitions as well. But if it's too expensive, we will pass.
Alberto Weisser: There are limitations because you have to do investments. And so there have not been a lot of investments. So we have done some, but anyway, it's also signal of pricing. So I don't expect a significant move there...
Alberto Weisser: Yes. We will because we have made investments in the past, but the whole industry will have very little shift.
Alberto Weisser: Overall, we all are expecting an increase in supply next year. And obviously, some more, some less. We probably are the ones that have, on a relative basis, have the biggest increase in planting. And we really -- our focus is to become profitable and getting close to our cost of capitals, even with this kind of environment, these kind of prices. Hydrous ethanol prices are a little bit too low at the moment. So all we can do is reduce our unit cost, and we are doing this as fast and focused as we can. So that is our focus.
Alberto Weisser: To be honest, I don't know the details, there's something left, but very soon you will have the summer crop starting. So...
Alberto Weisser: And now is the time for the Northern Hemisphere. We have -- interesting, we are starting -- we are also exporting corn from Ukraine, which is a new one, something new.
Alberto Weisser: There is no relevant change. This grain registry is not a significant impact for us because it's more about domestic trading. So which we are not an important player. So there's no significant change.
Alberto Weisser: It is nothing unusual, but I would say it is a couple of things mainly around food service. And -- but it is not something that we are worried about too much. It's also our ramping up of our margarine production. We shut down one plant from the acquisition we did in the past [ph] -- C.F. Sauer's plant, and we moved it to another one. So these are small -- how should I say, nothing structural. This should change.
Alberto Weisser: You -- there's one -- obviously, we had the benefit last year of a sale of a plant in Canada. And this year, all the acquisitions are contributing, the ones in India and Brazil and even in the U.S. So all of the acquisitions are contributing and are delivering as expected in year one. They are not yet at full run rate as you ramp up acquisitions, it takes time, integration. So onetime's item, but they are in line with our expectations.
Alberto Weisser: I would say it's immaterial and as expected. So these kinds of things happen. So let's say it for a lot of rain is perhaps, not so good for wheat, but it's ideal for soybeans. So the weather market is too early to talk about it. Weather in South America really becomes more relevant, January, February. So at that moment, there's no concern from our side.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. On wheat, yes, but if you have change in wheat, that will have an improvement for soybeans. So these kind of things happen. South America, remember, is a little bit different than North America. You have much wider geographies from North to South and from East to West. So we have -- every year, we have some issues somewhere. So at the moment, we are not concerned.
Alberto Weisser: So the first question is we are surprised how strong the demand to the livestock area business is. We expect that somewhat a stronger drop. And we are planning for next year a drop in demand in U.S., not worldwide. Worldwide, it will be expanding. So we could see a reduction in demand as we end the first quarter. But at the moment, we don't see too much of it. In terms of crush margins, I would say it's a mixture of both. Crush margins are good, and it's rational behavior, but it's also solid demand. So the structure of the business is good.
Alberto Weisser: Look, we think that we probably have one of the best logistics in the industry with a very wide and large network of silos, which is very important if there's congestion and high freight rates that we can hold back and wait for better rates, and which has a positive impact on margins. I think we have also developed very good contracts and relationships and traditionally, being a very good customers of the railways. So we probably use more rail than others. And combined with our ports that we operate in different parts of Brazil and continue to expand, we think we are very well-positioned. So if there's one port where there's an issue, Paranaguá, we could ship it through San Francisco, Victoria, Santos and more and more through the North as we continue expanding through the river system in the North. So we look at it, as you said, if there is no other disruption like strike, we feel that we are very well-positioned.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I think, Christine, it's going to be difficult on the industry and the country to move all the product. Brazil is, as you said, is subject to congestion. I think you hear our confidence because we have a pretty good interior network, as well as a network at the port. So we have not only the logistic channels that we can rely on to move the product, we also have pretty good storage if we have to hold product a for a little while. So I think when we look at our overall system, we think we've prepared well to handle it. But as a country and an industry, there's no doubt there'll be some difficulties.
Andrew J. Burke: Vincent, as you said, we don't give guidance. I think what we would say is as we look out the next 6, 9 months, which is where we have the most visibility, we do see a very good macro environment for Agribusiness. As we said, it will shift from market to market and probably will move earlier in the next year from North America into South America then it's typical because North America's going to add a short crop, and it's really going to have to step up here in the fourth quarter and the first quarter to handle the shipments. So when we look at the overall environment for Agribusiness, it feels very good, and we expect Agribusiness to continue to perform well.
Andrew J. Burke: No. I think we factored it all to into our plans. I -- You know as well as we do that there's been a little bit of a decline in meat production in the U.S. over the last months. But that seems to have flatten out a bit, and the demand out of Asia remains pretty strong. So overall, we don't see a big shift in demand, unless there something happens in the macro environment that would change the situation dramatically. But right now, demand seems to be reasonable and to be continuing.
Andrew J. Burke: No. I think the 2 -- the biggest one coming online now is the PNW terminal in the West Coast in the United States. And that comes with both grain origination business in the interior, and it comes with port elevation. So you have 2 sources of income, you get the origination margin and you get the elevation margin. But I wouldn't say there's anything special about that. And you've had the same kind of development in Eastern Europe where we now have the port of Nikolayev and are doing more origination in the country. So I wouldn't say there's anything special, but it gives us a chance to provide a full chain worth of services and make money across the chain.
Andrew J. Burke: I think the overall answer to your question is yes, Ken. We've continued to expand the volumes we've done, and we've got a network that can produce good margins. I would also, though, just add that it's never straight line in Agribusiness, as you know. So you always get a little bit volatility quarter-to-quarter and where the margin is in the train. But I think we've continued to expand our capacities and our capabilities. So I think if you look at the underlying trend in our merchandising business, it's very positive, and the growth is there, and we expect it to continue.
Andrew J. Burke: I think our business has stayed pretty strong. I think we will have volume growth in the fourth quarter because we'll have PNW for the full harvest this year, so that will help somewhat. The reason we -- what I was trying to say at the Investor Day, I don't remember exactly what I said, to be honest, the exact words, is in the first quarter in earlier in the year, we had that 19 type -- percent type of growth. We were somewhat, because of our activities and our new investments as a major part of it, it was also partly because you had a drought in the Black Sea region in the year before, and there was additional quantities were there this year. So part of the 19% came from there, and I think we are trying to set the expectation we couldn't continue at those 20% rates. But as you can see, our volumes have been stronger than I said on that, the number you were quoting. And I think we'll have strong volumes in the fourth quarter. I don't want to get into predicting any fact that's...
Andrew J. Burke: It's -- that would be a stretch to get there at the moment. I mean, the business is moving the right way, but we're a little bit lower the third quarter than we'd thought. So with that, I don't know that we're going to recover all of that this year.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. The winter crop will probably be -- the exports will probably be completed in the fourth quarter is my thought. But again, I don't know the precise date.
Andrew J. Burke: First of all, I think our accounting for this is absolutely correct, and we've made all of the disclosures around this issue in our SEC filings. So we've disclosed what has happened. We believe that the tax positions we've taken are absolutely correct, and we plan to defend those position vigorously.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I think our underlying Edible Oil business is performing well sequentially. Both Brazil and in Europe had a good third quarter and have shown improvement. And they were not -- you have those -- those results were not driven by acquisitions, but major contribution from the acquisition was in India and then somewhat from the tomato business in Brazil. But the core base Bunge business has performed -- or traditional Bunge businesses performed well in the quarter.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I still feel very good about 2013, as I've said at a conference earlier this year. And I've said at our Investor Day, I think the people inside Bunge are much more optimistic about '13 than the people who are on the outside I think we see continued strength in Agribusiness and Foods. With -- '13's the year we probably going to put everything in place for sugar should perform at the level at its potential and what we expected. So yes, I still feel real good about '13. I think it's setting up to be a very good year for Bunge, and we're excited about it.
