Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. We set ambitious goals for Bunge’s transformation and we can see the results from the changes we made. Now that we have completed the majority of the actions we originally laid out, we are able to focus on continuous improvement and growing the business across the cycle as we move forward. As we did in 2020, we are going to be leveraging our platform and the operating model we’ve put in place and look for the opportunities ahead of us as we work effectively to capture the upside and minimize the downside. Looking over the longer term, we remain excited about the structural shift we are seeing in the consumer demand for food, feed and fuel. In particular, we are focusing on four primary areas of growth: Oilseed processing and origination; renewable feedstock for bio-fuels; plant protein ingredients; and plant lipid ingredients, which is our specialty fats and oils. And with our global platform, culture of innovation and oilseeds leadership, we believe we are in a unique position to benefit from those trends. The leadership team and I are incredibly proud of the entire Bunge team’s continued focus on execution. And while 2021 will surely present different challenges and opportunities, I am confident we have the right platform. And I look forward to continuing to work together to maximize Bunge’s full potential. And with that, we will open the call to your questions.
Greg Heckman: I will let John talk to the number, but let me clarify a little bit when we talk about running the assets and some of the differences that it’s made, Ken. I mean, I can’t say enough of how the industrial and commercial teams and the coordination. I mean, we are really, I should say, sweating the assets. I mean the focus on getting the right quality there, of course, driving yields. You look at the commercial – the industrial team having those assets up and ready to run by reducing our unplanned downtime, you look at the commercial coordination and reducing the commercial downtime, and that’s all capacity utilization that you’re seeing. So that’s even before cost improvements. And then the managing the planned downtime to the right times of the year to make sure that we capture the highest-margin times and that we’re doing our turnarounds, our maintenance, in those lower times. And that’s one that we even see some additional opportunity and focus here into 2021. So just the way that we are operating, I think even before you start talking about the systemic changes we are making in costs, are really important and I want to really give credit to the team.
Greg Heckman: Ken if you think about the self-help on the $5 versus the $6 baseline, we are on track there. I would say the food is on track there. One improvement we will probably see in B2B will probably be offset by lower B2C on the edible oils side, but it’s really around better crush margins on both soy and soft is really the difference between the baseline of $5 and what we’re calling on at least $6 for next year. Those are the big drivers.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Look, let me start by saying that this renewable diesel demand is structural, right. This is going to be long-term. That being said, we only saw a little bit of the effect of that in 2020. We will really see that starting to come online and feel that effect in 2021. In ‘20, we had tightening balance sheet globally on oil and a lot of that was driven around palm and a little bit was sun in the Black Sea and then of course what’s been going on with Argentine crush. But we will really start feeling the demand from the renewable diesel capacity coming on here in 2021 and with the investments that are being made, yes that is a structural shift. That is multiyear. And we are – look, we are glad to be basic in all of the global oils because there is no doubt with what’s coming and the shift in demand, that there will be reformulation happening with the different oils that they can use on the renewable side. The food industry has always been one that has been able to reformulate bases on price and functionality. So there will be a lot of reformulation and change and dislocation going on and frankly being basic in all the oils, including the tropical oils, the Bunge portfolio is really made for this and to help our customers be successful. So we are looking forward to working with them and helping them win.
Greg Heckman: The one other thing I would like to say about as we make those capital decisions, I mean, the one big thing that’s changed really is around disciplined process and looking at the alternatives that we have. And so remember, we are adding up and looking at all of the opportunities at the global level. There is no allocation regionally or by business. So, every business is competing for that capital. We have added discipline around looking at the scenario analysis and the stress testing and stressing all the assumptions in a project so that we are really comfortable when we put long-lived capital to work. And then by having the different areas that we have talked about where we see the growth opportunities, of course, in our core business, in the oilseed crushing, especially fats and oils, but these are big trends that are definitely in place here on renewable diesel and on plant protein. So, that allows us to be very thoughtful and make choices where the returns are right and the risk profile is right. We don’t have to reach and take chances on projects that don’t make sense.
Greg Heckman: Sure. I think the first thing is this isn’t going to solve itself with one crop in South America, or even two crops with the South American crop and then the North American crops. So yes, you have hit on the key things here. We’ve got to get the crop harvested in Brazil, get the safrinha planted. We need that to be a good crop. We need Argentina to continue to finish out strongly. And then we’ll see the fight for acres in North America, and we need to see that crop get planted and develop appropriately. So these balance sheets are really tightened up in the last year, and they’re going to stay that way. And that’s been good for margins throughout the entire global system. And so we expect to continue to see that here as we work through 2021. As you say, on the processing front, the market is sending the different signals, right? It’s sending the signal now that we need some of the crush in Argentina. And we need Argentina to run a little bit harder this year to provide some of that supply that the market needs to get back into balance. And we don’t know exactly how it will play out, but what we do know is I’m really glad we’ve got the global footprint that we do have and the team that we’ve got running it. So we’re looking forward to the challenge and the opportunity.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Yes. I think what you said in Edible Oils is correct. What we’re seeing, we don’t expect the consumer, the B2C part of Edible Oils, to be as good this year. But we think that will be more than offset by the foodservice and the B2B side of the business. So yes, that’s about scratch. And then while we’re definitely entering 2021 with some excellent momentum, we see a better start here to Q1 than the start we had and what we could see last year at this same time for Q1 in 2020. As usual, we don’t have the visibility to the balance of the year. And the other thing to think about is we did see – we talked about our platform really benefits from dislocation, higher prices, higher volumes, higher volatility, and we definitely saw that in 2020. We also saw a marketing pattern with the move in the real and the way the south – the Brazilian farmer marketed. That would be hard to imagine. That’s not happening the same way. And we doubt that will happen the same way. So part of it is the setup of the market, part of it is the market has made a move to these higher prices and higher volatilities and is making some adjustments. So while the overall environment, definitely better than we’ve seen for years, we don’t have full visibility into the second half, and it would be hard to recreate kind of everything to happen the way it did in 2020. But I’ll tell you, we’re optimistic. I feel way better about making the call at least $6 at this time this year than the call we were making, which was lower for 2020 at the same time last year. So look, we are optimistic. We feel good, but we’re also measured and there’s a lot of moving pieces.
Greg Heckman: Yes. So we ended up finishing the year at $40 on a comparable basis to the $34 we had in the model for soy at the $5 baseline. And right now, we’re looking at soy being a couple of dollars better than the $34 baseline. Of course, not much visibility in the second half, but we don’t expect it to be as good as this year on what we realize, we – with our execution around the footprint, we realized better than market, but we’re expecting it to be better than the $34. And we’ll see how it rolls out here a quarter at a time.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Currently, spot margin in the 30 in Brazil, but it’s been very volatile down there. And of course, part of that’s Argentina continues to be constricted and running at low values. We’ll expect Brazil to stay strong here in the first half. And then the key that we’re really watching on the second half is going to be on the bean export demand.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Let me take renewable diesel here in North America first. Look, the first things we’ll do is, of course, we’re working with those new customers and that new demand and helping to get them supplied as they bring those plants up. The other thing is, of course, we’ll look – the cheapest capacity and the highest-returning projects we had are debottlenecking at our existing facilities and of course been looking at those projects. So we’ll do those. That’s only incremental demand – or incremental volume to meet that demand. But those are low-risk, high-returning projects, so of course, we’ll do those. And then we will work with the customers backwards as we analyze the market and see where those investments make sense. But the first things will probably be around logistics, around tankage, maybe something in our refineries to free up capacity. So we’re going to be very thoughtful and show a lot of discipline. Which this industry needs to do, is being thoughtful about how we serve this growing demand that is structural and is going to be in place. And then as far as Sugar & Bioenergy, team is doing a great job down there. We got a great partner in BP. We are seeing the overall environment improve down there in both ethanol and sugar prices and the global balance sheets there. So that looks like a good outlook for that. That doesn’t change our long-term plans there, which at the appropriate time we will exit that business and reinvest the proceeds back into the balance of our portfolio.
Greg Heckman: Yes. As you know, crush, generally, is kind of the closing quarter is where you’ve got the majority hedged up. With the outlook, the markets usually – crush margins inverted and not as much visibility out front. So we continue to look at the opportunities and think about how we believe that we need to position those assets to manage those earnings at risk, which is kind of our maniacal focus. We continue to stay focused on ensuring that we’re managing those earnings at risk based on the environment we’re in and the earnings power of the asset base. And we like the environment. We like the momentum coming in with Q1 starting out stronger, but it’s a little different world than we’ve seen here for a few years. And we are glad to be doing it with this team.
John Neppl: Yes. Ken, more specifically, we – from a – one of the things we look at obviously is variable cost per metric ton. And we saw improvement this year of a little under $1 a ton overall. Part of that was FX-related benefit. But I would say overall, we believe roughly around $30 million of benefit just on the variable cost side here year-over-year due to improved efficiency on that side. And then on the fixed side, we made some improvement there as well not as much, but that’s an area that’s going to be a strong focus here heading forward.
John Neppl: Yes. I would say that we had a little bit of that built into our $5 baseline. We are probably a little ahead of schedule on that, but I would say it’s probably maybe $0.10, $0.15. I don’t know if that would be anymore than that yet, but we are going to keep pushing on it.
John Neppl: Yes. Thanks, Ken. I think the way to look at it, the fourth – this last year our CapEx was the lowest it’s been in many years. And so that was indicative really of COVID impact on the growth side. The spending that we had on maintenance, around $250 million on maintenance, safety, health, environmental, I think that’s a pretty good benchmark on the maintenance side. Generally, it has been historically around $250 million a year. Where we really spending was down was on the growth and productivity side and we do expect that to expand here in 2021, which is why we are providing guidance for, to your point, the midpoint of $450 million, which I think is more indicative of our ongoing rate. In terms of specific areas where we are going to focus, I mean, Greg touched on kind of the four key areas for us where we are really going to focus going forward, core oilseeds business, continuing to maintain strong position there globally. Obviously, with the renewable diesel opportunities out there, we do expect to allocate some capital to that area and plant-based proteins is an area that we have been spending some time. We have some projects in the pipeline there as well and then under our plant lipids or our specialty fats and oils business as well. And so we have a lot in the pipeline. The $450 million is kind of a guideline for us now, but it’s going to be based on opportunity. The number could be higher if the opportunities are better and they meet our hurdle requirements, but if we don’t find enough good projects, we won’t spend the money. So – but I think right now, it’s a pretty good guess.
John Neppl: And Adam, I might just add on, that I think you were really close on your pieces. The one thing that you didn’t mention, we had a tax rate this year of about 16.5%, and we’re calling guidance for 2021 to be between 20% and 22%. So that would have a bit of an impact as well.
John Neppl: So from a debt standpoint, we’ve been spending a lot of time looking at the right mix and the right duration of our debt portfolio. I think we’ve been able to, for example in August, when we issued our $600 million in bonds in August it was at just over 1.5%, was the lowest we’ve ever printed on bonds. And so thinking about the long-term, rates are really favorable in the near-term to lock in long-term. At the same time, we have all of the debt capacity that we’ve added here in Q4 and after Q4 has all been short-term in nature. So we are still trying to sort out the right balance there going forward, not based on just the current environment, but also what we expect over – maybe over the next 5 to 10 years. And so we’ll continue to look at that. I think that we feel pretty good about our net debt cost today. But as we go forward here and look at some of our maturing debt in the next couple of years, we’re going to look at what are the long-term rates versus short-term. And there’s a chance to take some risk out of refinancing, obviously, if you take some debt out longer, but we haven’t come to the final conclusion on that yet. In terms of allocation of capital, just as a reminder, our main priority right now is to get our ratings back to where we want them. We’ve been committed to investment-grade credit rating. We’re there with S&P, but we’re a notch below with Moody’s and Fitch where we’d like to be. So we continue to make sure that our capital policy and our capital allocation will fit into that objective, first and foremost. But then once we get beyond that, we really look at 3 buckets. One is our dividend, and we haven’t raised our dividend in almost 3 years. It will be 3 years in May. So we – like we do every year, we talk to the Board at our May Board meeting about the dividend and our policy, and we’ll revisit that this year and take a hard look at it. Secondly, we always want to look for good growth opportunities. And Greg mentioned pipeline. And I think we’ve got a good pipeline of opportunities across our 4 segment – the 4 focus areas. They have to make sense for us to do them. And if they don’t, we won’t. And then ultimately, share buybacks are always on the table. And so that’s part of the mix. If I think about dividends, growth, capital and share buybacks, we’ll be assessing all of that together as we go forward.
John Neppl: Just really timing, I think it was a little bit of everything. No big problem overall. Of course, we sold rice, which came part out of the Milling. Of course, we had the Brazilian diesel out and then we had a little bit lower volume there. And I guess you were asking U.S. We had lower volumes there in the U.S., were really the driver. And then we’ve continued to struggle down in Mexico, and some of that’s volume, and some of that’s mix as well on some of our premix business.
