Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. Bunge posted good second quarter results. Agribusiness and food & ingredients did well in the quarter, and we anticipate a solid performance in these segments in the second half of the year. Sugar & bioenergy and fertilizer performed as expected, and we expect increased contribution from both as they enter their high-volume season. Overall demand for agriculture products is good. Global trade is robust, and the steady growth in demand that characterize our industry continues.  Moving to Slide 4. Bunge is investing accordingly. Over the next 18 months, we will bring online a number of facilities that will increase our scale and flexibility and contribute to our bottom line results. For example, we will have 11 million tons of new port capacity by the end of 2011, first, through our new deepwater port terminal in Ukraine, which provides an ideal logistics outlet for Black Sea grain production; and second, through our new terminal in the U.S. Pacific Northwest.  We'll support these facilities with inland assets as well. In the U.S., we are adding 7 new grain facilities. These elevators will help us better serve domestic and international trade flows.  We will also add processing capacity in key locations. Just last week, we broke ground on expansion of our Altona Canada canola processing facility. The project will more than double our capacity in this location and make the plant one of the most efficient in the industry. In total, we are adding more than 2.5 million metric tons of annual crush capacity to our global network.  These investments, in addition to the ones in sugarcane and bioenergy and food & ingredients, will help us outpace market growth rates and meet our annual earnings per share growth target of 10% to 12% per year on average over the next 5 years.  Before I turn it over to Drew, I want to take a minute to mention a special milestone. Next Tuesday, Bunge will celebrate its 10th anniversary as a public company by ringing the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange. Bunge has a long and accomplished 200-year history. But surely, the last decade has been one of the most transformative. Our IPO was instrumental to the company's global expansion and our creation of leading positions in oilseeds, grains, sugar, food and other markets. We are proud of what our team has accomplished and proud of our total shareholder returns, 18% per year on average. Today, we are well positioned, well capitalized and have an excellent team. We look forward to another decade of inspiring growth.  Now I will turn it over to Drew, who will discuss our second quarter financial results and the outlook.
Alberto Weisser: We did reduce some of this capacity because this is the time of the year where you're prepared for the harvest and you do maintenance. So we also have seen in our case some reduction in capacity.
Alberto Weisser: Last year, because of the futures exchange, we are able to lock in margins at better times. But you also have to remember that U.S. crushing is only a piece. It's 25% of all global crush. And we had a very good South American crush and so you see a balance here. But you're right, we are able to lock in margins at times when the market gives us the opportunity.
Alberto Weisser: I will say, normally, in the harvest time, there are more opportunities. The margins normally expand at that time. And also, not always the CBOT margins reflect what exactly is going on out there. And so -- but what we expect margin in general in oilseed processing being below normal or below average but improving from where they are.
Alberto Weisser: Look, risk management is one of the key component of our business. Remember, our business is completely -- the timing of purchases and selling are different. Spaces are different. So risk management, it's every day's business. But perhaps what you're seeing is that last year was stronger. That might be right. The last quarter was a little bit stronger. Some of the strategies worked better. But let me tell you, this quarter, everything was very normal as expected.
Alberto Weisser: A little bit of both, average, and processing, below average. And so when we think about the second half of the year, should be more or less like the first half of the year.
Alberto Weisser: It's slightly higher, yes. Margins are slightly higher than normal, and oilseed processing is slightly lower.
Alberto Weisser: I would say it's the opposite. I think operationally, it's better than we thought. And I'll let Drew afterwards talk about the tax rate. As we -- you heard in his comments, we were perhaps a little bit conservative. But operationally, business is better than we thought. And in terms of the second half versus first half, when we make comments about this 40, 60 and so on, it was most -- that we, most of the time, talk about the whole company. And you have to remember that we used to have -- with the nutrients business, it was the strongest quarter was always the third quarter. So we don't have the nutrients business anymore. So from the company point of view, it's still going to be strong in the second half than the first half, especially because of bioenergy and sugar and because of fertilizer. But when it comes to agribusiness, I think there is a little bit less of the 60-40. It is a little bit more balanced. But we can see a second half more or less the same as the first half. Well, the first half was better than we thought.
Alberto Weisser: This is clearly a business that is above cost of capital, but we are adjusting it at a pace that we want to do it right. So we are being very, very careful on pruning some of the businesses. We were doing, on purpose, are reducing amount of products, amount of customers that we have been targeting. So we are doing it in a very, very careful way. So remember that we think this is going to be a business that will be $50 million to $100 million. We think this is on track. It will be above cost of capital. But we are doing it in a very, very thorough way, taking it step after step. So obviously, the first priority was all about risk management, and I think this is really working well. The second -- and part of the risk management, it means what do we do, what we don't do. So we have pruned some of the business. Sometimes at first retreat between -- before you expand. So the first half of this year, we already have expanded. But we are not there yet where we want to be with the market share. We still have to do some adjustments on footprint, especially in the state of Sao Paulo, and -- but it is on track, and we are not completely done yet with our cost-cutting because you also want to do it right. Although in the program, the $120 million program we mentioned in Bunge Brazil is on track. We will get there. So it is very easy to get back the market share. This is a commercial business. We could have gotten it back, but we want to do it the right way. So I feel very good where we are in the fertilizer business.
Alberto Weisser: These higher prices obviously have allowed also farmers to use much more technology. So we have seen that the harvests we are finishing now in the Southern Hemisphere, the yield was higher than expected. And based on the purchasing of fertilizer we are seeing in South America, we continue believing that there will be above trend yields. So it's very early to say because planting really in the Southern Hemisphere will start only in September. But all indications are that we also should see a strong crop from the Southern Hemisphere. So it's a little bit early to talk about Southern Hemisphere because we are not even in yet. We are not even done yet with the complete growth in the Northern Hemisphere. But we see -- we are seeing the right increase in supply. The supply is expanding at the rate that is in line or a little bit above demand. So we hope that the supply-demand imbalances will diminish.
Alberto Weisser: Absolutely not. We are very happy with all the issues we had last year with the 2 mills that were not running perfectly. All 8 mills are running very well. The yields are good. I think we were when we said -- the beginning of the year, we indicated the crush volumes, we were a little bit optimistic. So we have fine-tuned this, and we see these volumes much more realistic. Obviously, it's always weather-related. But as Drew said, the reduction in volume was offset with higher prices. So we see this year and next year exactly as we have seen it before, in terms of earnings. We are very comfortable where we are in sugar & bioenergy.
Alberto Weisser: Well, I thought last year was worse because there was an imperfection in the futures market, which made people run to the port with deliveries. And I think it's the traditional imperfections of the Brazilian port system and the logistics. But I thought last year was worse.
Alberto Weisser: Well, we are investing as well. Everybody is investing. This year is not a significant increase in the volumes for exports, but everybody is investing along the chain. We are also considering investing in this area, the expanding our Paraguay operations. I think we are more efficient in Santos this year. We have fine-tuned the whole chain the way we bring in the costs, the real costs and so on. So Bunge is performing better this year than it's performing last year, so -- and we will continue working on it.
Alberto Weisser: Yes, it's both. It's a better view on how deep the impact was on the drought at the end of the season and also some related to the frost [indiscernible]. But as I mentioned before, this will completely offset with the higher prices. So the prices are both on ethanol and sugar are higher. And it's early to talk about next year, but what is important is that our planting program is on track. So for next year, we feel comfortable. Even if for what reason ever, we should have a smaller crop. We are confident -- comfortable because prices are higher than they were before. So it's too early to say, but the picture for next year is positive.
Alberto Weisser: Yes, we don't want to give you the wrong impression. This year, it's going to be the harvest is going to help. We -- next year, it's a little bit early to say, but demand is not that strong. Obviously, global meat demand is up, poultry 3%, pork 1.5%. So things are moving. And so let's wait and see a little bit more. We need to see a little bit more demand in U.S. On the other side, there are some positives. We have, over the years, developed a much better export market into Mexico and Central America, which is 40 million people living in Central America and nearly 100 million in Mexico. So that is a new market that was not so much available before and also with less DDGS getting into the market. So we will see a pickup on the soybean meal demand. So we are cautiously optimistic, but it's too early to say when it exactly will happen.
Alberto Weisser: I think margin in both countries have converging over the years, and they have been good. It's one of the reasons we did well, so the crush margins have been well. But obviously, it's now coming to the end of the season. So naturally, it's the time of the year when margins start to be reduced and that's why we use risk management tools to lock in margins at the earlier time. But margins have been good and in a very seasonal way are reducing now.
Alberto Weisser: Look, let me give you a little bit broader picture. In the last 2 years, we have invested more or less $2.5 billion in sugar, bioenergy, agribusiness and everything. So far, very little has come from these investments. And over the next 12 to 18 months, all of them are going to in one way or the other start contributing. So obviously, it's a pain to get through all buying and building, but all of this is coming out through. So we think we will be continue, more or less, investing half of our CapEx or around half of it is in agribusiness. So when you think about it, it is probably more or less around $500 million. So this means in agribusiness, we expect to continue also growing our earnings similar to the whole company, 10%, 12% per annum. The demand is there. It's a very strong demand around the world, and we are continuing investing in it. But obviously, we are all happy that after this massive investments over the last 2 years, we are going to start seeing not only profits but also cash flow from it.
Alberto Weisser: I think what is happening more is that as we're increasing our market share and because if poultry is growing at 3% per annum, soybean meal demand this year should be growing at 8%, next year, 5%, so this is huge amounts. This requires 1, 2 plants per year. So this is more or less, most of the time when you're talking about oilseed processing, most of them is ramping them up pretty fast to full capacity. Now on sugar & bioenergy, and it's a little bit more complicated as we have been explaining it, which is we need to planting, and going from 13.5 last year. Although we didn't run all the plants, we had problems this year, all plants are running well. But we only have 15.5 million tons of sugarcane, next year, we hope to get as close as possible to full capacity. So there is a ramp-up in the sugar & bioenergy. And in the case of the terminals, I would say the first 6 months, you need to ramp them up, so the Nikolayev and the Longview probably will not see large contribution this year. But we should see them operating at full capacity next year. So that's why when we say all this $2.5 billion coming online, it's over the next 12 to 18 months. So by the end of 18 month, all of them should be running at full capacity.
Alberto Weisser: It is much too early. So it is too early, but we are still planting. So we really, confidently, we will only be able to tell this in the February call for next year. And the only comment I make is let's assume a similar situation that we have this year. Let's assume we would have a lower volume. What I want the market to understand is it is not only volume. Today, the prices of ethanol and sugar more than offset the drop in 1 million ton that we had this year. So we have to see the combination of two: prices and volume. Because it is the contribution margin in this business is so high, price has as much of an impact as volume has. So we feel good about this year, and we feel very good about next year. I want to take a little bit the concern away. There are lots of people talking about shorter crop this year, and we have to see always both. And we feel very good about this year and next year.
Alberto Weisser: It was taken a little bit out of context, my comment, because we were in Canada, the groundbreaking ceremony to expand, double our capacity in Altona. And journalists asked about it and my answer was a very general answer, that for us, it's very important to have free trade in general. And it was more reacting to the news that we were reading about the intention of the federal government in Canada to move in that direction. And my reaction, my comment was in an environment like that, it is very natural that companies like us, who are the largest canola processor, who have all the infrastructure on origination and so on, that we will also try to get involved on grain to make everything more efficient, so -- but we are obviously in the wait-and-see situation. This has been going on for a while. We have to wait until the decision is taken by the authorities on what to do.
Alberto Weisser: Well, I will not tell you exactly what our plans are, but let me tell you we have 6 elevators in the Eastern Canada. We have one in Western Canada. But I think it would be very natural that we would start adding and improving, using all of our infrastructure to also do some participate in the grain business.
Alberto Weisser: We think so, absolutely. This is expected to come on stream sometime in the first half of 2013. So Altona is not in my $2.5 billion list that I mentioned of '12. So this is something later. And we believe there is worldwide -- we know it is very, very clear, the demand picture is very strong. Canola is a very important oilseed, and Canada is able to expand its production. It has already nearly doubled in over the last 5 years -- 8 years, and it can do more. There's fallow land, there's -- or land available, and we see the right supply-demand. And what is even more important for us is that we want to have the most efficient plan. So we will -- this is one, but we will also be working on our other plans to make them all part of the first quartile in terms of efficiencies. So we think there is enough demand and there is also enough supply for us to do that. Now the picture in soybean processing in U.S. is a little bit different. So we do think also it will stabilize, but we don't know if it's going to be by the end of this year or it will be next year. Demand has to continue picking up. Demand is positive from the soy oil, especially on biodiesel. And as mentioned also the last competition from DDGS, we expect also that the demand will pick up on protein, so -- but these are 2 different pictures. Canola and soy are different.
Alberto Weisser: Also, the reason we mentioned it is also you got -- you were used just in the past to see much stronger third quarter because we had the nutrients business. So we will find out how it is slightly more weighted and sugar & bioenergy is strong in both quarters but a little bit stronger in the fourth quarter. Fertilizer is probably a little bit better in the third quarter than in the fourth. So we don't know -- we don't want to say exactly the percentage as these things are shaping up, but it's likely more in the fourth quarter.
Alberto Weisser: It's very positive. Remember, we had all that fixed-cost overheads that we really need the volumes. And the world needs them, the Middle East, Northern Africa really needs all that products. It's positive.
Alberto Weisser: It is more wheat. But it's also more -- there's also some seeds. There's barley. There are other kind of products.
Alberto Weisser: No, no. It's really the grain. It's mostly wheat, but also barley, sunseed out of Russia, Ukraine and a little bit Kazakhstan.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. Also, I think we have to remember that it is positive for us because we have been -- we got used a little bit to these high prices. But you have to remember that this is not always very good for high price -- it's not good for the end consumer. So if prices -- if there's more supply and prices come down, you pick up on the demand side. You might have a little bit less margin, but you have more volume. So we tend to be indifferent on commodity prices. If prices are lower, we tend to pick it up on higher volumes.
Alberto Weisser: Very positive. We have become quite large in that part of the world and, normally, it contributes. And last year, we had 0 contribution. In fact, no contribution in some -- negative contribution from that. We are very happy that the supply is abundant and not perhaps as abundant as it can be, but it's very positive.
Alberto Weisser: No, you're right, the replacement margins, this time of the year, go to 0 because whoever want to operate spot will not make any money. So you obviously have to have a program where you buy early and you crush. So spot, the margins are -- it's the tail of the crop and they tend to be very bad. But it's all about how you position yourself early and how you buy, how you hedge, so results were very good and things are fine. So going into -- but it's tailing off.
Alberto Weisser: Yes, that's positive because last year, we missed 25 million tons of the grains. So imagine the whole world missed this 25 million, but it was compensated by higher margins. But now you have these 25 million tons, so you will have lower margin around the world. But for us, this is net-net positive in our grain business.
Andrew Burke: You have to remember the comparison to Q2 last year is a comparison to a weaker quarter. So that is partly playing into our commentary.
Andrew Burke: That's compared to normal grain in oilseed margins. Typically, you're going to find crush margins to be higher than handling margins.
Andrew Burke: Yes, just let me add a couple of words on your earlier tax question. I think I'd just like to reinforce what Alberto had said is the change in estimate on taxes is not because of a change, many significant change in our view on the operations, we're very comfortable with and have remained comfortable the way the operations are performing and meeting our expectation. We continually optimize our track strategies and capital structure and have continued to do that. And as I said, that have all broken quite favorably. As we've seen that develop through the year, we thought that we should update the estimate for everybody. And earlier on, we didn't think it break that favorably and add a little bit of conservatism in the number. So it's really just an update to let everybody know where it is. But it has to do solely with tax issues, not because of changes on the operating side. As to Solae, we don't comment on any market rumors, so we would not make a comment. As to the earnings impact in the first half of the year, it's not significant.
Andrew Burke: Christina, we record everything we know of, so we don't know of anything still to come. So we expect it's all there. We've gotten through. And as you know, we've been changing our footprint in opening and closing distribution centers to get to the right footprint. And as we did that, we took a deep look into the inventories and recounted everything, et cetera. And it was worth a little bit less than we thought, so we took a charge there. We don't expect anything in the future, but we continue to evolve the footprint as we go along.
Andrew Burke: Okay, Christina, just a couple of additions. Remember, it's more of a second half business volume-wise than it was previously. The nutrients business, it usually had a pretty good second quarter. The distribution businesses are smaller in the second quarter and the volumes come in the second half of the year. So as you get into the higher volume period and as we're able to capture market share, as Alberto said, in the right way, you get the leverage you need to start to see the profits.
Andrew Burke: We use a variety of strategies to mitigate the impact of the real and capital structure is one of the opportunities. But I wouldn't say it's directly related to tax. It's related to broader strategies. I think certainly a stronger real is a little bit negative for us, but we factored it in to everything we've said about the second half of the year. And again, our business mix is better than historically because the mining business was much more susceptible to a strong real than the sugar businesses is. So clearly a headwind, but I don't think it's -- I think it's factored in to all our comments. And the biggest thing we've done is we've talked about the one Brazil program. And the best way for us to address it is to continually get more efficient and drive our SG&A costs out and industrial costs out that are exposed to the real. So when you put that all together, I think we're managing it pretty well.
Andrew Burke: I think the improvement in the North American crush margins will mainly driven by demand. And then I think what we're signaling, we think we see in the fourth quarter is the export demand being more out of South America than prior years. So it will put a little bit of pressure on the margins. For us, overall, that's not necessarily that negative because we crush in South America too. Alberto may want to give his view, but I do think it's going to take a while for the U.S. to work through the excess capacity. We need to have the demand grow into it. The oil side feels pretty good, but the mill side still feels pretty weak.
Andrew Burke: It's not the VAT or the export taxes. For 2012, I would use a slightly higher rate. I think you're going to see much stronger sugar and fertilizer profits next year than you saw this year. And those profits will occur in a relatively high tax rate entity for us. So I would expect to see it creep up but actually because of profits in those 2 businesses and being more of a percentage of our total percentage than any other reason.
Andrew Burke: Yes, just to add one thing to that so everybody has the same understanding. I think we are probably one of the leaders in planting sugarcane crop this year and planting more than others are as a percentage of our volume. So if there is a crop shortfall for us, it will be industry-wide in all likelihood. And I think that's why Alberto -- I know that's what Alberto is saying, it's going to be reflected in pricing because it's not Bunge-specific issue, it would be an industry issue.
Andrew Burke: I don't think it's more or less opportunistic, Ken. I think we see 2 factors that I would say are the primary ones. We do think that North American harvest will prove seasonally, our North America cross margins with the harvest, and we expect most of that to show up in the fourth quarter. We're also looking at a big sunseed crop in Europe, with expanded margins probably both in our crushing business and our food business and that will mostly realize in the fourth quarter. So it's really the crop cycle versus anything that's happening in our business and the way it will play out. And maybe we're paying a little too much attention to it. We just wanted to let everybody else know how our earnings were likely going to flow the rest of the year. It's not a severe thing, but it's just the way it's going to play. I think maybe the way we said it, people are thinking it's more severe than it is.
Andrew Burke: And, Ken, remember earlier this year, we bought the Nikolayev port that has 3 million tons of export capacity coming out of the Black Sea region.
Kenneth Zaslow: Do you think that the increase in the trade out of the Black Sea is actually positive or negative for you guys? I was just confused in the wording and your commentary on that.
Kenneth Zaslow: Are you going to capitalize on the greater Russian and Ukrainian wheat crop? Is that where you're moving? Or you're moving the rapeseed out of -- through the Black Sea? I was just trying to...
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. No, but I guess I was trying to figure out, I think there was a -- one of your competitors would probably not benefit from the increased trade flow out of Eastern Europe. And it sounds like you guys would actually benefit from -- that's usually implied as a negative for the industry when Russia comes on because that means less soybean meal going to Europe, all that stuff. That's why I was just trying to figure out how it's playing out, but you guys seem positive on it.
