Andrew J. Burke: Thanks for the question, Ann. I think it is very hard to predict government policy and when a government will or will not take action. The energy policy is a focus for the Brazilian government. They have a -- they have to support increased gasoline consumption and need to find ways to support that in an economic way for the country, and we believe, eventually, that will lead to support for the ethanol industry. The timing of that is hard to predict, and that is why our base calculation for next year does not include those price increases, and we don't think we'll achieve the target. What we are trying to do is to point out what kind of price increase would be required for us to get there so you and others can gauge that. And we would just also point out that the ethanol price and the Brazilian gasoline prices are still 30% lower than the international parity for those prices. And they are an importer of gasoline. So over the mid and long term, we think it's very likely that we have to see movement in ethanol prices, but in the short term, we're not forecasting that, and it will be a government decision, not a decision of Bunge.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Ken, we're still going through the valuation of when we do that. It's very much on our agenda, but we haven't made a specific determination. I think the one thing I would point out with the cash is most of that cash right now is the fertilizer proceeds of which we have targeted the debt reduction to get ourselves at a strong, stable BBB rating. We have not gone and paid down that debt yet because we want to do it in the most cost-efficient way, and we need to be able to move the cash to debt repayments at the right timing. So we expect that will happen in the fourth quarter. And as we get to the end of the year and these crops are finished, we're going to get a lot better idea of what our cash flows are, et cetera, but we are actively looking at when it would make sense to make a move in that direction.
Andrew J. Burke: I think at the end of the day, that is going to depend a little bit on how much we can crush here and during into the rainy season in Brazil. So it's a matter of when the rainy season comes and how much ends up being crushed. But order of magnitude, range, around the third quarter number it seems reasonable.
Andrew J. Burke: We tend to manage our debt profile on more of an overall basis, Vincent. To give you a feeling for the sugar business and how you would like to allocate it, there is about just under $2 billion of fixed assets, property, plant and equipment in the sugar business, plus some working capital which isn't that large. But it's not small, maybe another $500 million.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Diane, there are 2 streams that you're referring to here. One, we're in the middle of finalizing our forecast process for '14. That at this point is mainly impacted by the asset base we have in place and how we optimize and maximize the returns from that asset base. And there's capital allocation decisions around where we want to invest working capital because that's still flexible at this point and will clearly deploy the working capital to the highest-return areas. So when you come to the budget process, that is the case, and we continue to look at performance management in that and where we can improve margins, where we can reduce costs, et cetera. So the normal things you would expect us to be doing, we're doing around '14. When we look forward on the capital allocation process, we are always looking at the macro environment in all of our industries. As you know, we're in agribusiness and basic foods. Those are heavily driven by population and income growth, so we look at which markets are going to be the consumers on that basis, and we see very good growth in a lot of markets across the world, Mexico, obviously, being primarily one of them, when you look at their income and population growth and put it out in the future. But in the last few years, we've invested a lot of money in the various countries in Asia. We've done a lot in China, we've done a lot in India, Vietnam, in those -- what countries that fit that profile. So we're looking for places that have the right long-term macroeconomics and that we believe long term will have a strong margin structure. And the year-to-year margin structures in our business fluctuate as you know. But if you look through our agribusiness through the cycles, on an annual basis, it actually turns out to be pretty steady profit. So if you're in the right markets that have the growth, that have the consumption, if you're right in origination markets, which we emphasize a lot, where you know the crop volumes will grow and you know the opportunities are there in ports and logistics and distribution, over the long time, agribusiness will be very successful. And we look to add on with the food business wherever we can, particularly if we can integrate it with agribusiness. You have the wheat milling business, that is a perfect example. We have a market like Mexico that imports wheat. So we can use our origination and logistics capabilities in Canada and the U.S. to supply the wheat to Mexico and gain competitive advantage. And we can use the excellent skills of our food team to build out the downstream profitability in that business. And if you look across margarine, mayonnaise, oil, it's really the same. How do we bring our complementary skills together, how do we have a strong supply chain, and is it at a market where our food team can create the necessary margins and growth for the future. So those are the 2 priorities internally when you talk about business planning. When you look at where the returning funds to shareholders fit in, in what we're saying is we always have to look at the value that returning funds to shareholders is going to create and compare it to whether or not that we have internal investment opportunities that are going to create even greater value for shareholders or not, and then we allocate the funds to where the return to shareholders is best.
Soren W. Schroder: Ann, this is Soren. It really just means that we will consider all reasonable alternatives in the fullness of time to get us in a better spot. Don't want to get into any specifics on this call. The important message really is that the status quo is unacceptable, and that we will be active in finding better ways to position ourselves. And then we'll come back with more as we know it.
Soren W. Schroder: Okay, thanks, Ann. We do have a new port coming on stream in Brazil in Tefron [ph] in the northern part of Brazil. That will add roughly 1 million tonnes of capacity for Bunge during the next year. It will grow to 2 million tonnes when it's up at full capacity. So that's one extra relief valve, if you wish, for the overflow that is likely to be there again next year in Brazil. For the rest of our network, we learn every year like everybody else does. We've performed well in Brazil this year. We've managed a very complex logistical situation, but we always learn, we always find ways to improve. So anticipating next year's what is likely to be a record soybean crop and pressure on the system, we're building in more flexibility. And I think we'll manage well next year as well.
Soren W. Schroder: I would say over the next 6 months, probably not so much. We've been able to and I think the market will be able to accommodate the sugar flows that are left for this year in Brazil now that the peak corn and bean shipment period is over. So I don't think it's going to be a big issue between now and, let's say, April next year. The real question would be how do we get up to peak shipping capacity in sugar as we enter the new crop season sometime in April, May, June next year. That's a long time from now. So there's plenty of time to adjust. But for the next 6 months, I don't expect any big impact.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the CapEx really is focused on cane renewal. And as you know, we've gone through a period here where we have really renewed a lot of cane the last 3 years. So it would be a lower rate of replanting. We don't need it. We've made the investment already. We're not going to cut short anything that brings productivity gains. So fertilizer applications, as you mentioned, for example, that would not be one area we would be -- we would try to save on. But anything that -- so anything that has to do with cane renewal and productivity, reducing our cost per unit to its lowest possible level is still in play, and we will be very thoughtful how we spend that money. But anything that has to do with expansion is off the charts for the time being for sure.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, that's a lot of -- those are a lot of topics but let me start with outlook for crush margins in the U.S. or maybe the Northern Hemisphere in general, because it's kind of the same when you look across Europe to the U.S. to China. Margins are good. They're as good as they've been in a while. So we expect a strong fourth quarter in U.S. crushing. Canada on the back of really an all-time record canola crop should have a favorable crushing environment. In China, very strong demand for soybean meal has led to very favorable margins, at least compared to last year, and in northern Europe, both soybeans -- and southern Europe, both soybean crushing margins, as well as soft seeds, so sun and canola, are looking significantly better than they did last year at the same time. So the crushing environment for the next, I will say, 1 or 2 quarters is favorable.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I think overall, we would expect that with a record soybean crop in South America that we'll enter a period of more modest prices in general, more modest prices for protein in general. And in a meat production sector globally that is now profitable, there's a big change from where we have been the last couple of years, but if you look across pretty much all geographies, meat production, whether it's poultry or pork, is profitable. So a big crop, somewhat more modest prices to stimulate demand growth back to a level that is more akin to what we saw before we had the big price hikes 2 or 3 years ago. So the overall demand pool should be favorable, and I will say with an excess of soybeans in South America and the stock building generally throughout next year in soybeans, the environment for crushing should, generally speaking, be better.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I mean, we will enter a period now in North America where we'll get into a more normalized shipping season. The last couple of years have been curtailed by poor crops. But for example EGT, which is our most recent facility on the West Coast, will be running at full speed now this fourth quarter and going into next year as well. Our Nikolayev export terminal in the Black Sea will be running at full -- is already running at full capacity. So overall volumes in agribusiness should continue to grow. I guess, it's somewhere around 5% year-on-year is a reasonable estimate. And as you get into the shipping season in South America starting in February next year, would expect to see similar growth rates year-on-year there, with the startup of the new terminal in the North, and I think an overall better utilization of what we've got.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, we just announced yesterday an acquisition of Altex. I don't know if you saw that or not. But that is the type of acquisitions that we're contemplating. It's a good example exactly of what we want to do, bolt-on acquisitions in an area where we have competence, where we have capabilities, immediate returns, great fit. So we will continue to look at those types of things. As Drew pointed out in his presentation, we will be looking at M&A CapEx and returning money to shareholders, whether through share buybacks or dividends on kind of an even level. They have to compete with each other and of course, in the case of an acquisition like Altex, there's always the timing and strategic element as well. We could not wait until, let's say, February to decide to buy Altex, the opportunity was now and we took it. But share repurchase is part of our capital allocation strategy, and we will aim to maximize shareholder value and that is part of it. So we are not looking at this as a lower bucket. It's an equal consideration.
Soren W. Schroder: I don't want to put a timeline on this at this point. I think the important message to you and to others is that we got our eyes open. We are aware of the challenges of the industry. We're going to be active, and we'll take our time and make sure that we end up with a thoughtful conclusion on this in the fullness of time.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, that's a good point. In fact, wheat prices are -- have moved back to sort of bread prices. In other words, moving out of feed rations in most places of the world, which is a good thing. So it should mean that, everything else being equal, that protein demand for soybean meal should increase on the back of this. And the impacts are a little different depending on where you are in the world but, overall, it is not an insignificant impact. So it's a positive.
Soren W. Schroder: I think as we've gotten into the harvest year, yield reports have continued to improve, and we are looking at a very large harvest, no doubt. Farmer selling, I would say, has been modest so far. Prices in corn, as you know, have come down significantly from where they were a year ago, and so I imagine many farmers are hesitating a little bit. We're buying what we need, but I would say it is not a willing sellout to the extent that you've seen, for example, in South America earlier this year. So a little bit of retention is probably the right way to express it.
Soren W. Schroder: There's no particular catalyst, Ken. We've been thinking and analyzing this for a while, and sort of with the benefit of a fresh look from myself, have really spent some time with the team here over the last months and sort of digging into the industry dynamics. And thought it was important that we expressed our sort of unbiased and neutral view, and this is what we are.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, farmer retention in Argentina is very strong, and we don't actually expect that to change anytime soon. It's a hedge against inflation, the expectation of a devaluation. We've seen it before. The Argentine farmer has the capability of carrying over large amounts of soybeans from one crop to the other if that feels that is the best way of hedging the economic exposure to them in Argentina, and that's exactly where we are right now. We do expect a significantly improved crop next year. So with that, as of March, no doubt we will see loosening up of farmer selling and movement to the ports and the crushing industry. But in the near term, don't really see any change. On the other hand, you can also say that part of the effects of this retention and the reduced crush rates in Argentina is actually what's benefiting North America and, to some extent, Europe as well. There's no question that quite a bit of yield demand has been shifted from South America, Argentina specifically, to the U.S. and will be executed over the next 3 to 4 months and is leading to what we believe will be an export pace that will be as good as last year's. So it's -- for Bunge, this is not altogether bad.
Soren W. Schroder: Okay, well, in the case of Altex in Mexico, that's probably what you're referring to, I would expect that the EBIT contribution for this business next year will be somewhere around $35 million, maybe a little bit more. It will make Mexico an important part of Bunge's North American portfolio. Added to La Espiga, which we acquired a year before last, it really gives us a very nice national position in Mexico, makes us a leading wheat miller with the best assets. It's a business that has steady EBITDA margins. It is very much linked to agribusiness. Our ability to procure and manage risk around wheat flows is strong, and it fits our focus on B2B customers in North America and globally as well. So this is a very nice acquisition that fits what we're good at, and yes, we would like to proceed -- pursue more of the same kind. We are actually quite optimistic that we can grow significantly the run rate earnings of food & ingredients quite substantially over the next 2 to 3 years. I don't want to put a number on it, but our ambitions are not small.
Soren W. Schroder: We have a very strong position in Brazil that we want to protect and enhance. So you will see activities in Brazil that will cement our position and our strong position there. I think in North America in general, we have a strong milling presence and would be open to add whether that is in rice, whether that is in wheat or whether that is in corn. There are other parts of the world that we are looking as well, I don't want to get into those details at the moment, but we're actively scanning for these types of opportunities in growth markets and, again, where they have close linkage to our B2B customer base and agribusiness.
Soren W. Schroder: No, we don't actually. In Mexico, let's say, Mexico and Brazil in particular, which is where we really have insight to this, demand is strong across all the categories. I'd say, Mexico in particular, one of the reasons we're so excited about the Altex acquisition is because Mexico really does have some of the more important growth dynamics and trends of the South American economies. But both in Brazil and Mexico, we feel good about both oil and flour consumption, and we are coming from relatively low levels per capita consumption. So plenty of room to grow really.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, well, all our facilities are up and running and running essentially at full speed, and we believe that, that will be the way they'll run for at least the next, I will say, 4, maybe 5 months.
Soren W. Schroder: I think it starts this quarter, yes, in the fourth quarter, and then it will continue throughout the South American harvest season and probably into the tail end of the summer next year, given the size of the crop in South America. But it starts now.
Soren W. Schroder: I'm not philosophically opposed to anything that's right for shareholders. So we'll consider all reasonable alternatives as we said in the fullness of time. But I don't want to prejudice any outcome at this point.
Soren W. Schroder: I think next year will not be so different than this one actually in that we'll probably have a very strong Q1. And then because we have essentially a record pool on soybeans again this year for export, chances are that we'll be limited by soybean availability again sometime late spring, early summer, and so the summer rates of crush will be low. Maybe not as low as they were this year, but they will be seasonally lower than usual, and then rebound strongly again in Q4 2014. So on average, I would say utilization rates will be better than last year, but not by a large -- they will be very seasonal. So strong Q1, not so strong Q2, probably a weak Q3 and a strong Q4 again.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I mean, the returns obviously have to cover fully our cost of capital, and they do. And our hurdle rates are set accordingly. So this is a very accretive acquisition. It is an acquisition that is also in the space where we feel very comfortable. So we consider the risks in achieving those returns to be very modest. That's really the best way I can answer your question.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, we have studied all that. Believe me, we've been studying Mexico intensely for the last several years. So this wasn't a quick decision that we reached. We've been able to absorb and look at the Mexican flour milling industry through the eyes of La Espiga for a number of years. We've been -- we were partners there first for well over 10 years, and so understanding the Mexican flour milling business, I think, we got from the inside, that's what gave us the confidence to acquire the majority in that business a couple of years ago. And based on that and some, I think, very diligent and thorough work on the industry itself, we reached the conclusion that the collection of assets that Altex represents really would be the best way for us to expand. It is quite a different business than Gruma, as you correctly pointed out. So I don't think you can really compare them, but I would give you confidence or comfort that we've studied this, and we think we know what we're doing.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, that certainly is one of the considerations. Stable businesses, more stable margins, nice complement to our agribusiness upstream. There's a very strong linkage between agribusiness and this kind of a food business and, all else equal, should lead to more stable returns and ultimately a better multiple.
Soren W. Schroder: That was a nice summary. I think we share the positive outlook for the fourth quarter. I wouldn't draw the line to records at this point, that's too early. But it does look like it's a very favorable operating environment in general in North America in crush, and certainly in Europe. China, as you know, can change quickly. It is better than it has been. Certainly, it's better than it was last year, but it's very, very volatile. So it's probably a little dangerous to draw too many conclusions for an extended period of time there. But it does feel like it is a very, very constructive operating working environment, with profitability really across the chain extending into the meat sector, and clearly, demand for protein is up across the spectrum. So you're correct in being optimistic about the fourth quarter, especially as it relates to crush.
Soren W. Schroder: I think the overall agribusiness operating environment in the U.S. in particular this coming year will be better than it was last year. Soy is unique in that while we have a decent crop, a nice crop, we will run into a constraint in availability sometime in Q2 and Q3. But for corn and wheat, it should be sort of more normalized merchandising volumes and handling margins. So the U.S. soy is unique. Europe is a big difference to last year in that we will have ample seed supplies in both rape, canola and sun to crush at full rates and most likely with reasonable margins, all the way through the year, which was not the case last year.
Soren W. Schroder: I think we are bringing that same skill set into sugar, but there are a couple of pieces of the sugar equation that are very difficult to manage risk around. One is the agriculture itself. We are farmers, and so this past season is a good example of just how volatile it is. So the agricultural aspect in sugar, we don't -- we are not exposed to in agribusiness. And the second thing is really government policy on pricing, particularly pricing of gasoline, which knocks on ethanol. So those are 2 additional variables that really determine the outcome that are difficult, if not impossible, to manage. And so that would be the defining difference between agribusiness and sugar as we see it today.
