Soren Schroder: Okay, Mark. Thanks a lot and welcome to everybody. Bunge started the year on a solid note. Our Agribusiness team managed markets, margins and logistics very well in a challenging environment. Our food and ingredients business has stabilized and we are seeing positive signs in Brazil, with gains in both volume and market shares. We remain confident that we will deliver earnings growth over last year. Markets have certainly changed since our last update to investors. Both Brazil and Argentina are experiencing weather-related crop reductions in corn and soybeans respectively. This will impact our second quarter results, but with continued strong global demand, the new environment could result in interesting dislocations in the second half of the year suiting our well-balanced global footprint. At the same time, soy and softseed gross margins should improve in the second half of the year which will provide benefits to our Northern Hemisphere operations. We expect our food business will show earnings growth in the second half of the year and finish above last year’s result. We are making solid progress in improving our cost base, added valuable capabilities and key account management. These improvements, which have been masked by the adverse effects of the economic headwinds in Brazil, Russia and the Ukraine, are fundamental to the future growth of the segment and the expansion of the value added share of our portfolio. It took an important step in this direction with the announced acquisition of Walter Rau in Neuss, a highly regarded oils and fats business in Germany. The company has strong products and capabilities in the b-to-b customer segment and fits perfectly into our existing softseed crush supply chains. In Sugar and Bioenergy the market environment is constructive, the strong global demand and better prices matching up against the record king crop and sugar production in Brazil and remained focused on reducing cost and improving efficiencies across all segments in our performance improvement programs delivered $24 million in the first quarter and we are targeting $125 million for the full year. So in short, we have a strong team, excellent footprint and a business which continues to perform. Our strategy is clear and we are confident about earnings growth going forward. And now, I will turn it over to Drew who will give you more detail to our performance and the outlook.
Soren Schroder: I would say in general situation is not easing. Many banks have withdrawn from the farmer finance market and that is clearly one of the elements against expansion of acreage next year in Brazil. Bunge is involved in providing financing to farmers, we do it very carefully, very strong and very professional review process. We make sure that we have our risks spread over a large enough geographic area that we don’t have concentration risk of size. So we have stepped into some extent where some banks have pulled out, but with very known customers and we feel very comfortable with the risks that we are assuming. So, it is an issue. It is likely to let’s say, reduce the rate of expansion of soybeans in Brazil for a year or so until things normalize. We don’t think that will be for this coming crop, but hopefully the next one.
Soren Schroder: This is really I think an example of where the footprint we have got plays into our strength. Margins in general in the first quarter globally weren’t particularly good. But in Argentina and Brazil we ended up with margins that were better than we had anticipated when we spoke back in February. And that outweighed most of the negative that we did see coming out of the Northern Hemisphere be it Europe or the U.S. or China. So it’s really about this geographic balance that allowed us to navigate through I would say another quarter where others faced headwinds. So that was really the reason why, I would say in general about the first quarter, better soy crush expectations was one element, but other than that it was really pretty much all aspects of our agribusiness delivered a little bit better than we expected, just really good execution whether it was in logistics, ocean freight, distribution businesses, grain origination in Argentina had a bit of a boost. So it was and I would say our risk management strategies were effective across the board. So it was many small pieces that added up to really an excellent quarter relative to expectations.
Soren Schroder: Yes. And some of that was reflected in the first quarter. For the second quarter, we still expect Argentina and Brazil to have good favorable crushing environment, but the Northern Hemisphere be it in U.S. or Europe, both in soy and in soft. I would say soft seed crush in particular is going to be a challenge. It’s remaining a challenge I would say and that’s really – those are the two big negatives. The other thing I would say is that the second quarter would typically be when we buy the larger chunk of the Brazilian safrinha corn crop. That is the one that has been hurt most through the drought or the existing drought in Brazil. We are just entering now peak pollination in many of the areas in Mato Grosso where the winter corn crop is grown and there is a significant likelihood that there will be a big reduction in that crop. So we don’t expect those volumes to flow through like they did last year. And in Argentina, you are right. The crush volumes in the first quarter were exceptional. But we have had nonstop rain now for a long period of time and it has really put the whole system in Argentina at a standstill. So our crush rates are definitely down in April. Who knows how it turns out in May and June. And the quality of the crop has been impacted. It’s too early to tell how big of an impact. You have got various estimates in the market between 3 million and 5 million tons of crop reduction, but on top of that you have quality issues. So all those things together is what makes us cautious about the second quarter. But at the same time, creates the opportunities what flows back to both the Black Sea as Drew mentioned and to the U.S. for both corn beans and also products that should lead to a very strong second half and is the reason for the margin expansion, the board crush expansion that I am sure you follow for in the U.S. and so the second half should be very good. And the second quarter I will say is a transition from what was a heavy, heavily over supplied global environment to one that is more tight and creates opportunities.
Soren Schroder: Yes, I don’t know that they will be – they certainly won’t be negatively impacted. Prices have come up quite dramatically. So, if there was any encouragement needed to plant more than farmers certainly have it. But we expect that planted acres will be more or less as the U.S. intentions came out maybe with a small shift towards soybeans, but it’s a little bit too early to tell yet.
Soren Schroder: Yes, I think order of magnitude, we are looking at numbers that are closer to the as reported Agribusiness numbers, so including the $50 million negative impact. That’s how it looks now. It’s early in the quarter. A lot of things can still change, but that’s how it feels.
Soren Schroder: No, Adam, we don’t split that out, but it was effective across our various product lines embedded in our management of the physical margins and flows that we operate. But I wouldn’t want to take it out, but it was a good quarter and we saw the market trends and the cash positioning and the margins the right way.
Soren Schroder: It’s transitioning from having been sort of mediocre to being average I would say, but it’s a process it takes a little while and it is board crush is one indicator. You have to put the physical pieces of it together as well, but we certainly hit the lows. We did that back probably just around our fourth quarter call and have improved from there. And I think the events in South America that I just spoke about gives us confidence that we will have a flow back of product demand to the U.S. in the second half of the year and that should set us up for a very nice sort of late Q3 and Q4 and maybe even into Q1 next year, Northern Hemisphere crush. So, Q2 is a transition.
Soren Schroder: In the U.S., I think we have seen a very nice round of selling over the last as the markets have rallied. So that’s the case. In Brazil, I would say it’s been more modest and it’s really been soybeans only and mostly old crop, where the farmers are already fairly well sold. I think there is probably 60% or 65% of the old crop has been priced so far, so nothing out of the ordinary. But what is very different is that the farmers who also typically sell nice amounts of their winter corn crop at this time of the year aren’t, because they are worried about the size of the crop and there is – there is no doubt going to be significant damage to that crop. So in total, it is less than we would have expected earlier on in the year.
Soren Schroder: So, I think we will have – I mean the crop will still be a sizable crop, whether it’s 53 million tons or 52 million or 54 million, nobody knows. But it will be still a sizable crop and we will have enough soybeans to crush at good rates and we believe with good margins well into Q3 and Q4. And I think that’s probably the difference between the last few years and now is that we will have a shift back to the Northern Hemisphere, because we have taken the edge off the crop in both Argentina and in Brazil, but there should still be enough raw material left and I think a willing farmer selling it that we will have good crush rates and good margins in South America at the same time.
Soren Schroder: I think the environment has gotten better since we spoke in February. And our level of confidence in growing earnings is higher now than it was then. The comment about modest earnings growth was really relating to the entire portfolio, not just Agribusiness. So, you have to be careful with that. I think we feel good about overall earnings growth in Bunge for the year. Maybe sort of put it into pieces a little bit to help guide the discussion. Let’s start with some of the smaller pieces, for example, fertilizer. Fertilizer is going to have a good year for us this year. You know, Argentina in particular is in a different state. Farmers are back and will be applying fertilizer at normal rates. So, we expect that our fertilizer business should be up, at least $30 million so call it between $30 million and $40 million worth of income for the year. Sugar, as Drew has indicated, we look for the segment to be solidly profitable and in order of magnitude probably $70 million, maybe $80 million better than last year and that would give you a $40 million to $60 million range for the segment. We have got all the pieces that we can lock up – locked up. So sugar hedges are in place, etcetera. What remains is of course the harvest risk, but we should have a nice positive contribution from the sugar segment this year. And in foods, what we said previously is that we will have an improvement relative to last year, $30 million to $50 million, so call that food contribution of $220 million to $230 million. You add all that up, you get a range of $295 million to $320 million, so call it $300 million for all the things that are not Agribusiness. That’s an improvement over last year of about $125 million. We feel fairly confident about that. And then it is about Agribusiness, what will it be finally, we started out really well. You are signaling that the second quarter is going to be soft for the reasons mentioned, but that the second half should be good and we expect the year to be solidly good. Last year’s record of about $1.05 billion, I think it was – is the upper end of the range that we would expect based on what we know now and our current forecast is somewhat less than that, but still a good year. So I hope that gives you enough sort of color to come up with a range that still indicates that overall we will grow earnings for the year and feel very good about it.
Soren Schroder: Yes. I mean it depends, I would say. We still don’t know exactly what the impact of the Argentine crop production is. But the way I look at it is, even with a reduction in the crop, people still have a crop that’s big enough that we will be able to run our assets at high utilization rates and the markets should want the products both meal and oil and yet we will still see a shift to the Northern Hemisphere for supply, because we have taken the edge off both the Argentine and Brazilian crop. So if we end up in that sort of sweet middle point we could actually see a situation in which margins in South America remain fair. And we get a good, late Q3 and Q4 run at U.S. margins which essentially is the same as Southern Europe. So I think the scenario is early to tell. But I think the scenario could be favorable for us overall.
Soren Schroder: It’s on the margin at this point because the profits we are translating are yet not significant. The real improvement in Brazil in our food business will come when the economy stabilizes and consumer confidence comes back. And the prospects are still for a reduction in economic activity in Brazil by 3% or 4% for this year. So we don’t think that’s coming any time soon. But it is certainly not a negative. In reality for the food business to get back to its sort of its normal state will probably take us well into 2017.
Soren Schroder: There is nothing new to report, frankly. But the business or the sector as such I think this year will go through a good year. We have got record cane production in Brazil. We have got very strong global sugar demand and other parts of the word have had crop reductions such as India and Thailand. So the margin situation in Brazil in producing sugar is favorable and that will be reflected in our results and the results of the industry and ethanol demand continues to look strong. So I think this will be a year of stabilizing sort of the whole sector in Brazil. But Brazil as such is still considered to be a bit of a risky place. So I don’t expect any near-term action relative to the assets we have in reality is probably more like next year. But we are on a good path and we expect a solidly profitable year.
Soren Schroder: Yes. I think Adam asked a similar question just a little while ago and sort of last year’s number is a good indication of what we currently look at it. But as I also said it’s early in the quarter, many things can change. But at this point it’s something in the order of magnitude of last year’s numbers.
Soren Schroder: I think Bunge’s global footprint is advantageous in situations like this. So that is true, but I think the conditions are the same for everyone. I think it just tells you how quickly things change, that’s the one thing that I would say. When you think things are set in stone, they change and they typically do that in our business. Two things that are impacting our view that there could be dislocations coming up is on the soy side, reduction in the Argentine crop, but also the fact that we have taken the top off the Brazilian crop as well and the combined effects will likely mean a slightly reduced crush overall for South America, but a shift of soybean exports to the U.S. for the August through January period next year. So that’s one piece. And the second piece which probably has more impact in terms of the shifting supply and demand is the reduction in the Brazilian winter corn crop. And there are a lot of estimates out there on how bad it is and we probably won’t know yet for another few weeks because we are in the peak of the pollination. But it could be anywhere from 5 million to 10 million tons of reduction and that goes straight out of exports and will therefore have to be supplied by the U.S. and/or the Black Sea, Ukraine in particular. So those two things added up is enough to shift the balance in both soy and corn towards the Northern Hemisphere and has priced commodities, soybeans in particular in anticipation of not running out of them this year but 2017, that’s how far the market looks out. So it is an opportunity. How big it is, it is too early to tell. Really, it’s evolving, it’s emerging as we speak, but it’s a real possibility that you will see some interesting shifts.
Soren Schroder: And I don’t know. I don’t know what others think and I can – and as I mentioned to you the transition is happening as we speak. So, how much and how big is still something we won’t find out for a little while and that’s probably why you have still slightly differing views as to the impact of this. But what we are describing is the potential and that’s what it looks like now. Now, we are not saying it’s going to happen.
Soren Schroder: It’s in the process of happening and making you all aware of that. So as it happens, if it happens, it’s something that we believe we can benefit from by having assets and footprint in all the corners of the world and therefore able to supply our customers under really a wide variety of circumstances.
Soren Schroder: It’s just predicted on whatever economic data we were all reading. This year, it’s a contraction of roughly 4% in the Brazilian economy and I think currently the projection for 2017 is about scratch. So, it’s just a returning to normal and hopefully by then there will be some clarity as to the political future, which it looks like should happen by the end of this year, one way or the other. So, it’s really returning to more stable conditions and having hit the bottom. And I don’t think that’s going to happen until 2017. In the meantime, we are doing everything we can of course to put ourselves in the best possible shape given the circumstance. So, a lot of the improvements that we expect for this year are really created by ourselves. It’s not that the market is giving us any particular break so the market share gains and the volume gains and the reduction of cost is something that we are all working very hard on and will pay us some benefits as the year progresses. So, a large part of the improvement in the food and ingredient P&L for this year versus last will come from us running Brazil leaner and better, but still in a very tough market.
Soren Schroder: I don’t know how this will all end up. I don’t think anybody knows how the current political situation will be resolved in Brazil. I mean, we all know about the impeachment and so forth. How that plays out exactly? I don’t think anybody really knows, but it’s unlikely to lead to any sort of new policy clarity this year, maybe next. Brazil has a lot of domestic fiscal issues to deal with for sure and I would expect that whoever ends up sitting in the Presidential chair at the end of this will have to deal with it. The impacts of those are unlikely to be felt until 2017. But more than anything else probably it’s not getting consumer confidence in place that the situation has stabilized and the country is in good hands. We probably won’t see that for another 6 months, maybe more.
Soren Schroder: Farmer selling is typically very sensitive to moves in the reais and so a stronger reais usually means that farmers shot off and a weak one means a boost in selling. And so lately, the reais has been mostly on the strong side. Some of that has been compensated by the move in underlying commodity prices and that’s kept selling sort of – soybean selling I will say at an average pace. As I mentioned, corn is a little bit different because the crop is hurt. So, farmers will continue to be very sensitive to swings in the reais and I will say a stronger reais or quickly strengthening reais is unlikely going to – is likely going to shutoff selling. At the same time, a quick move towards 4-to-1 is likely going to release a lot of selling and most likely more and more of the selling will transition to the 2017 crop, which is a big piece of let’s say our second half earnings equation. How much of that 2017 crop will be commercialized in 2016? And in that context, a weaker reais is going to encourage that and will be good for us.
Drew Burke: I would just add that our farmer financing programs are generally secure, so they are secured either by the crop or by the land that the farmer owns. So it is not unsecured credit for the most part.
Drew Burke: The normal seasonal pattern in the sugar business is the mills are generally shot from mid-December until sometime early April, late March, depending on the weather. So as you end each season, you make a decision on how much other product – produce you are going to sell and how much that you are going to carry into the next year to sell in the first quarter. Obviously, the minimum you are going to carry forward is what you need to satisfy your contracts and your customers. And how much more you are going to carry forward really just comes down to being an economic decision on when you are going to get the better returns. Is it better to sell those inventories in ‘15 into cash or are you going to have more value to them in carrying them to ‘16? The way last year played out and the way our business was structured, it made more sense to sell more in ‘15.
Drew Burke: I think Ken, I obviously agree with all of that. The only portion I would add is we are early in the Agribusiness season. And it’s the reason we don’t give precise guidance. We have still got a North American crop to get through and the recent weather in South America shows you how it can change environments. And just to go back to my comments, but based upon the selling on the back half of the year will determine the profit realization somewhat. So that’s our range, but I wouldn’t hear it as a very narrow range at this point in the year. We need to get some more information before it narrows down.
Drew Burke: Rob, we are also seeing the underlying demand. I mean, it’s part of the picture that shouldn’t be lost. Demand is there.
