Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Before opening the call to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. First, I want to thank our team. Not only have they continued to execute well and deliver for our customers, but they've done so against a volatile backdrop, including the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in a highly dynamic market. The changes we began making 3 years ago have resulted in tangible improvements to our business and our earnings potential. We're excited about the additional opportunities we see to continue to grow the company while we do our part to lower carbon emission and encourage best practices across the entire supply chain. Beyond our continued work to capture the upside we see in our core oilseeds processing and origination business, we've also increased our capabilities and focus on three additional areas of growth, capitalizing on the increasing demand for renewable feedstocks, for plant-based lipids or specialty fats and oils and plant-based food proteins. With our global platform, our culture of innovation and oilseeds leadership, I believe we're especially well positioned to benefit from the long-term secular growth we're seeing in these areas. We're confident the investments we're making today will set us up for continued growth in the years ahead. And with that, we'll open the call for your questions.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Let me start here. John, you can follow on if I miss something here. So yes, I think a little bit like - when we sat here a year ago, we're definitely telling you what we can see going forward. Now you're right, we're carrying some good momentum in from Q4. The team did a fantastic job of executing there and carrying that momentum into Q1. While we don't see Q1 being quite as strong as last year, which was really extraordinary, we are off to a very good start. And as far as the calendarization, I mean, Ben, it's kind of funny. When we look at it, it's generally a stronger second half for our business when you look at it historically. And when we roll the forecast of what we can see now and looking at the forward curves, on our outlook, the balance is roughly the same as it was the same time last year. So I guess the one thing that you can count on is that I think we've got the right global network, and we've absolutely got the team that can execute. And if the opportunity is here, we'll deliver more. And we'll give you that view a quarter at a time as it rolls out.
Greg Heckman: Yes. It's the timing of customer bookings. So when we came into last year, we had a lot of the book already on with our food customers for the majority of the year. And we didn't start to see the benefit of those higher refining premiums until later in the year and as we saw some of the refined - or some of the renewable diesel demand start to come on. Now as we're coming into this year, of course, majority of that business has all been done at the higher refining overages. And so that's - we had that visibility, and that's why we have the confidence in that call for this year.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Definitely a benefit. And it's a number of ways. So one, we like the fact that we're basic in all the oils and that we've got a global platform. So as we see this shift, and I think it's going to take kind of everything to supply that industry and the demand that is coming from that industry. So everything from - we'll see the US go from being an exporter to an importer of vegetable oils. We will see expansion in capacity. We'll probably see technology around the percent of oil in the seed. You'll see cover crops be developed that will add to another supply of oil and even higher capacity utilization of the crushing footprint. And you'll probably continue to see a mix on what's applied on soy versus soft oils. So the one thing - the market is sending the signals and the market will do its work here with innovation and with investment. So we think we're right in the bull's eye of that. We've got - our portfolio is focused on oilseed crushing and the origination and marketing of the products to support that. So we think we're in a great position for that, and it's also one of the reasons that we're in the process of the JV with Chevron, is to have a great partner with visibility now from the farmer to the end fuel consumer. So where we make those investments and how we develop, we think we're as well positioned as anyone.
Greg Heckman: Look, we continue to work with our partners in the supply chain. And that can take on a number of different relationships, from providing our expertise and partnering, to joint venturing, to us making direct investments. So that will be what we believe the return profile looks like versus our other alternatives on a risk-adjusted basis.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Definitely very, very good environment right now. We saw the - if you look at it from an overall, we'll expect year-over-year structural margins to be better in soy. We had a real strong Q4 in the US. And of course, we're carrying that into '22. We've seen the weather make the South American crops a little bit smaller. And the US had a big crop and will need another big crop. But with strong oil and meal demand, the curves, of course, are telling us that they're strong now. They'll get a little softer before a new crop, and then new crop gets stronger again. So the US looks very constructive. China continues to be volatile, but we'll see lower wheat feeding this year versus last year. Margins are okay on the front end. And the customers over there are generally pretty spot. So that's pretty normal. We're enjoying very good margins in Brazil right now. And the question will be about the second half and how the farmer responds to smaller crops. And then, of course, we're in an election year, which always - if we get some FX volatility, we'll be watching that closely and how the farmer performs. And then Argentina, again, the weather impacted the crop a little bit. And then Argentina, of course, is affected by the fact that Paraguay, the crop is down about 50%, which feeds in there. And that will keep farmer retention probably pretty high in Argentina. But you remember, that generally is pretty good for our global system with that scenario. And then the EU is kind of feeds off the US, if you will. You've got strong oil and then reduced the amount of Argentine soybean meal going in there. And so you've got higher energy costs in Europe is one of the things. But that's priced in or is being reflected as we flex the rest of our global system. But overall, we'll see better year-over-year structural margins, and see how it plays out. But our core - the fundamentals are good, and our current outlook is what we can see forward.
Greg Heckman: I might add on one quick comment. I think the thing - it is one of the things we're proud of with the changes we've made here. I think before, we had to kind of talk about whether we were going to do this or this. And I think what feels good is that, with the earnings profile that we've got and what we've done with the balance sheet, that really it's more of an And situation now for us. And we feel we can pull all levers, and we are thoughtful about the tenor of those different things and the impact that they can have on earnings. So whether it's the stock repurchases or increasing the dividend or more near term. Of course, the CapEx we're spending on debottlenecking and productivity can come in quicker. Bolt-on M&A that doesn't have any regulatory complications can be quicker. And then of course more transformational M&A has a little longer tail as it has to go through regulatory. And then somewhere in between there, there's brownfields. And then the longest of course are the greenfields that John was talking about. But I think what's exciting is being in a position to be able to do kind of all of those and pull of the levers and being thoughtful about the returns on those and which ones have the greatest long-term earnings impact in our growth.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Valuation always matters. So as John says, we don't have any hot money. We'll be thoughtful and we'll do the deals that make sense for Bunge for the long term. On the protein side, that continues to be what we see as an organic build. Any of the M&A that's been done on the plant protein side is very, very high multiples. And we think where we create the most value there is working with our customers who we're already working with on the plant lipid side on the specialty fats and oils as part of those products and working with them and organically building our portfolio on the plant protein side. That's how we'll create the most value. We'll be thoughtful and methodical about it.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Thanks. Thanks, Rob. Yes, you caught me there. I only talked to soy. I didn't talk to softseeds, so let me talk to that real quick. Of course, with the - in North America, with the canola crop 35% lower this year, that will be a tough comp until we get the new crop in. So that will be challenged, which will make - globally, I think softseeds will be a little bit challenged on the canola side. We do continue to have strong oil demand, which is helpful, but we'll need that new crop in the second half of the year. And then in Europe, we've had record sun crops. We continue to monitor the Ukrainian situation. But the farm economics are definitely good for everyone, and that should mean big crops. I think we'll see acres planted, and net-net, that should be positive. But year-over-year, soft will be down.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think, one, you're right. The system that we've got is definitely more resilient than it's been in the past. Those are the hardest margins, I think, to forecast, and they'll depend on the environment. And we're definitely starting at higher flat prices this year than a year ago, so just kind of a slightly different environment. Even if you look from the freight markets, you had a disruption last year with the hurricane in North America that created some challenges and opportunities. And just some of those things that - in those kind of full chain margins through the distribution and merchandising business that are just more difficult to forecast. But really like the way the team executed last year, and I feel that the opportunities are there. We'll get them.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think we say the fundamentals are good overall. That's definitely what we're looking at here with the start that we're getting. Now the curves are reflecting some of the fact that the weather has taken the top off the crop a little bit. Of course, hurt it in Paraguay, took the top off a little bit in Brazil. And then we'll continue to watch how Argentina develops. It was hurt a little bit, but it looks like that's stabilized. So we've got to see how that out and how the farmer responds. And I think we talked about in Brazil, of course, you add in the fact that you've got an election and that may create a situation with the FX volatility and the farmer may be a little more reluctant to sell. But we'll see how that plays out, but we do like how the fundamentals look overall. We like the optionality that exists in this big global network, and that we've seen we're able to take care of the opportunities when there is dislocation and as things develop.
Greg Heckman: Yes. You would be correct. We're more on a wait and see, and that's consistent with where we stood a year ago at this time and kind of how we talk to each quarter, it's what we can see in those.
Greg Heckman: You bet. Thanks, Ken. But no. Q1 was really extraordinary last year and why we're off to a very good start here in January and carried momentum out of Q4. We currently don't see Q1 being as strong as last year.
Greg Heckman: Thank you very much. I'd like to thank everyone for their interest. And I just overall like to wrap up. I couldn't be more proud of the team for the execution. And it really feels good to be in this position, focused on growth and having the capacity to really pull all the levers. And so look forward to talking to you in the future. Thank you very much.
John Neppl: You bet. Yes. So Ben, as we look forward, and I think we can expect CapEx of, as I - we said, $650 million to $750 million this year. And I think we'll see a higher number in 2023 and 2024. But a lot of that is a long-term greenfield projects. And so we probably aren't going to see the big impact and the big impact on our numbers until probably 2025 and beyond given the pipeline that we have today and the major projects that we're investing in. We are excited about those projects. We also recognize that there's going to be potential opportunity to deploy capital in the near term as well, and that's important. We want to balance between long-term growth opportunity that will certainly impact our baseline over time, and in near-term opportunities. And so we'll look at shorter term projects, whether it's bolt-ons or debottlenecking projects that we have underway, things like that. As well as looking at, if we don't have good returning immediate projects or things on the M&A front, we'll look at returning capital to shareholders in the near term as well because we recognize that it's important to balance between the long-term and near term opportunities and returns. But over time, certainly, we'll be updating the baseline as it makes sense. And we believe that 3 or 4 years down the road, if we do our job, it should be very positive to the baseline.
John Neppl: Yes. Those are really projects that have - that are either already underway or in the final stages of approval. But you can think about it that this next year, here in 2022, probably about 30% of our CapEx spend will be on those large multiyear projects. But that will go to about 50% to 60% of our spend in '23 and '24, but it's the same projects. These are 3 year builds. And so there's three to four major projects that make up a bulk of that spend.
John Neppl: Yes. I think we look at our balance sheet at the end of the year, we probably have $1.5 billion or so of additional debt capacity available today. Just given kind of where we see 2022 progressing and our credit metrics, I think we feel pretty good to stay within - to stay well within our kind of our target metrics. On top of that, of course, we expect to generate strong cash flow again in 2022. So I think we feel very confident that the CapEx forecast that we have in still leaves us some dry powder for opportunities. Whether that ends up something on the M&A front or we allocate more to returning to shareholders or additional debottlenecking and nearer term returning projects, I think everything is on the table. And I think we feel like we're in a very good position to deploy that capital. We don't plan to just sit there and pile up cash, so - but we're going to be prudent about where we spend it and make sure that we hold ourselves to the same standard we have over the last few years in terms of where we allocate it.
John Neppl: Yes. We don't - we're not going to predict when we'll do share repurchases. But I would say the key is we'll have the ability to do it. And I think even with a lot of the growth projects that we have in the pipeline and the other things we're assessing that aren't even in the - what I'd call in the pipeline yet, it's still going to be an option for us. And I think we will continue to do, like we always do, is look at it very hard every quarter. I don't necessarily look at it from, oh, we got to do something this quarter from a calendar standpoint. It's when we think it makes sense, and - but it will continue to be, as Greg pointed out, an important part of our allocation here going forward.
John Neppl: Yes. The - we don't expect a substantial increase in SG&A next year. We're -- we've been around the $1.2 billion level in total the last couple of years, after a number of years of cutting costs. I think we're looking at somewhere less than $100 million of total increase across the business and probably half that. And it's going to be primarily in inflation and things like that, but all it's been baked into the $9.50 forecast. So we will, of course, manage it as best we can. But in some areas of the world, it's -- inflation is a real thing and we're not immune to it, unfortunately. But I think we feel pretty good that we can absorb that inside our $9.50 - at least $9.50 call.
John Neppl: I would just add, Greg, that if you - as you look at the pipeline of projects on the plant lipids and protein side, we've got projects identified in that pipeline of about $850 million over the next 3 years. So we definitely find that an important area, and we will be investing meaningful dollars into that space.
John Neppl: And Rob, as I - yes, as I mentioned on the CapEx side, the big jump we do see is in 2025. But as those projects come online, and most of them are going to come online in early 2025 or in that range, you usually have about a year of commissioning and working the bugs out. So the real benefits of run rate will be closer to beginning in 2026. But you're right how to think about it. I mean, the kind of mid-teens return overall in the portfolio between the big growth projects, and what I'll call the smaller debottlenecking and productivity projects, in total, that's probably a fair assessment. With a little bit of lag in just from the standpoint of the first year or so, it takes time to get those things up and running as efficiently as they will in the long run.
John Neppl: Yes, I'd just say, Rob, the comment we made regarding if we see some tightness in supply and disruption, it should give us some upside. That really is going to show itself on the merchandising side of the business.
Adam Samuelson: So I guess, first, as we think about how you're looking at 2022, can we maybe take - just give a little bit more color around the oilseed crushing environment? And what - how you see soy and softseed crush playing out in your key regions, certainly in the first half, where I imagine you've got a little bit more visibility in. I guess, specifically how some of the weather issues in South America right now are playing into that outlook, both positively or negatively.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's all very helpful. And then I guess a follow-up on capital allocation. And obviously, there's been a lot of good work done on the balance sheet over the last couple of years. You're stepping up growth investments on the CapEx side. You alluded to re-evaluating kind of the dividend payout ahead of the annual meeting in May. Can you help us think about kind of how do you think about your balance sheet capacity? Obviously, the net leverage now on an EBIT - or net debt-to-EBITDA basis, at least, would seem to be pretty low for your business. How do you think about your balance sheet capacity today to deploy opportunistically into M&A versus cash return? Just trying to think about how much cash we could really be thinking about deploying here.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. Can I ask just a very quick follow-up then? Given that balance sheet capacity, and this is again a high quality problem, just make sure we're clear, just no share repurchases in the fourth quarter? Just how we think about kind of the timing and phasing of that, just given how much dry powder you seem to have.
Ken Zaslow: Hey. Good morning, guys. A couple of questions. One is, we haven't had many years in which the South American margin actually has been this strong, particularly in Brazil. So when you're thinking about the year, are you incorporating that type of strength? Are you waiting for it to kind of really kind of elongate to make sure that's the real thing? And are you in a position to be able to capitalize it with the - by securing the soybeans? Just how you're thinking about that. Because it's a somewhat of a new phenomenon that I don't remember seeing for quite some years.
Ken Zaslow: So it would be another opportunity of upside to the numbers. You mentioned a couple of things throughout the call, that there is reasons for upside if things develop the way they are. And I know you take a wisely thoughtful approach rather than just going all in. But is that a fair way of thinking about it? And then I have a second question.
Ken Zaslow: And then other - just I hate to ask you a short-term question, it's just everybody has asked such good questions. But the quarter-over-quarter in the first quarter, it looks like things are setting up a little bit stronger year-over-year. Is that a fair way of looking at it? And then I'll leave it there. And I really appreciate your time.
