Soren W. Schroder: Well, last year, it was fully truly unexpected. That's the first thing. And secondly, keep in mind that roughly 60% of our flows to the ports are by rail. So we have a little bit of a different exposure to truck freight than maybe many others. So far, I will say that truck rates are absolutely in line with what we expected as we entered the crop. That doesn't mean it's going to stay that way. It could be that as we get into the peak sometime late April, early May, that there'll be some variation. But the early flows and the rates we're paying and have secured are absolutely in line with what we've been forecasting. So, so far, we don't feel any particular pressure.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, it's had both good and bad impact, so to speak. In Argentina, obviously, we've been running our plants and our export facilities at lower-than-desired utilization and margins. The flipside of that is it pushed demand into the Northern Hemisphere, U.S. in particular, where we enjoy better margins. On balance, probably a small negative, but not significant. What to expect? Well, that's a good question. I don't think anybody really knows. What we believe is that as we get into, let's say, the early part of March or middle March, through May and maybe into early June, we will see a normal flow of new crop beans and corn into the marketplace from Argentina. The carryover is significant in soybeans and farmers do need to free up cash. Beyond that, I will say beyond June, it's really anybody's guess again and it will depend largely on the sort of the macroeconomic and political situation in Argentina.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think it is. I think it is fair to say that U.S.-based ethanol with corn prices that are -- will be on our lower will compete more favorably into markets that don't distinguish between the sustainability angle of the origin of ethanol. So for most destinations, U.S. ethanol will be favored because of price and Brazil will have a hard time competing in those markets. And that's why we believe that the long-term, let's say, solution to the Brazilian ethanol equation really is a domestic one and one that's pretty obvious and would be remedied the moment that fuel prices in Brazil are equalized with global prices. So Brazil should become more of a domestic fuel market and the U.S. is in the process of capturing a larger share of global ethanol trade.
Soren W. Schroder: No, I think on balance, I think it will be a positive. European sugar prices will eventually mean that cheaper origin sugars will make their way into Europe rather than expensive domestic ones.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the process has started, as we've mentioned. It's very difficult to predict how long it will take. We will tell you when we know something.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, so you get to 8%, which would have been well in line with our expectations. So I think we achieved more or less as we expected. And going forward, getting from, let's say, a normalized return based on that forward-looking tax rate of 8% to the 9% that we desire is absolutely within reach.
Soren W. Schroder: I think overall, agribusiness in Q4 did very well across all regions. And don't forget it was the second to the best year we've ever had. One area where I think we -- there could have been upside was probably in the U.S. grain handling, where farmer retention, particularly in corn, meant that the carry income that did not come that we normally would have in the fourth quarter didn't materialize. And as you might know, there were some significant logistics snags, particularly in the Western Corn Belt, that impacted returns of the export pipeline there. So that's probably the only area, I would say, that we could have expected more and didn't get it, but really beyond our control.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, there's no reason it couldn't be a record year, that's for sure. And the conditions you mentioned are clearly favorable. Good margins starting out in the Northern Hemisphere. Canadian canola margins were excellent. We are in front of a record crop in South America with good margins. Rate margins in Europe are good and all likely will produce another very large soft-seed crop in Europe. Grain handling volumes should be up. So yes, the conditions are there for a very good year in agribusiness.
Soren W. Schroder: I think the overall soybean crop will be -- definitely be a record one. The northwestern part of Brazil is probably better than people expect and there are some parts of the south that are a little bit worse. But on average, the soybean crop in total looks to be really just an excellent one. Plantings of the summer corn crop in Mato Grosso is well under way and looks good. The area is in Parla, where we do have dryness and -- but I also know that we expect rains over the next 10 days. So that's probably a little bit too early to call. But overall, the bean crop I think is more or less secure and we should still, under any circumstance, have a very solid safrina corn crop.
Soren W. Schroder: Sure. I will say that the -- in agribusiness, we really do have a nicely well-rounded global footprint, but with a couple of gaps. One is in Australia and you see one project, I believe, in the schedule that talks about Bunbury, which is the first of our investments in Australia. We need to build that out more. So Australia is a work in progress. Western Canada is another piece of the equation that we still have to fill in. So those would be the 2 areas that we are currently looking at that we are not represented in. Other than that, I would say it's about continuing to strengthen our network in Brazil. Brazil will remain the powerhouse. And whilst we have a fantastic presence already, we still need to build infrastructure to support our new export terminals and activities in the northern part of Brazil. And in the Black Sea, we'll continue to look, particularly to the Ukraine, to solidify our position. But where we have blank spots, I will say it's Canada and Australia. And the rest of it, really, is a matter of tailoring additional -- or timing additional capacity to when the market needs it and not to look -- to get too far ahead of the demand curve, which is one of the reasons we've been able to reduce CapEx a bit, delaying some additional capacity projects in markets we already established. So Diane, let me just finish. So that's on the agribusiness. And I wanted to make just one comment on food & ingredients, which is an important piece of our business. You can see it from the results this past quarter and last year. And we really do believe that we have a role to play in milling, in particular, whether it's wheat, whether it's corn, whether rice milling, but wheat milling is probably top of mind. And there, we are looking to solidify our position in Brazil and Mexico and I will say in the Americas, in general. And where we can bolt on acquisitions that makes sense and fit in our network, we'll be doing that.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the Altex acquisition will give a run rate EBIT of about $35 million. So that's the addition from that acquisition. Across all of our milling activities, Brazil and the existing ones in Mexico, we also do expect a lift in earnings as we become more efficient and as we improve margins in general. How much that is, remains to be seen. But it's another positive on top of the 35. So say 35 plus, I can't really give much more guidance on that, but we believe there is upside in our existing business as well.
Soren W. Schroder: I'll say it's favorable. It's -- I think we just had to comment. It has the potential for being a record year. So...
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. There are a few very interesting projects that are coming onstream that are on the map or the slide that Drew showed you. One is the port in the Brazil, Kafroun up by Berlin. That will give us an additional 1 million to 1.5 million tons of export capacity in a region that really needs it. So that will be in addition to, let's say, the -- whatever the baseline you want to use. You've got Altona, which is a new crushing plant in Canada. That's coming onstream with almost 3,000 tons of the daily capacity and perhaps, will be a very favorable margin environment. So those are a couple of big projects that are coming onstream in the first few months of this year. That should have positive impact on the underlying business. And in addition to that, I think the overall environment is just one where we will have a better margin structure in general throughout the world and not just in one region. And grain flows and grain trade, in general, should be improving.
Soren W. Schroder: The only impact that I can think of, really, is it might have some -- it'll probably have a positive impact in foodservice and food processor demand for basic food & ingredients, but that's probably it. In terms of agribusiness flows and logistics, I don't see it having an impact.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think it's -- the U.S. crushing business will be very seasonal just like it was this past year. But demand is strong. Protein demand is strong despite the hog disease, poultry, the margins have been good and demand in that sector has been excellent. So overall, demand for protein will stay strong in the U.S. well into the spring. Sometime probably mid-March, late March, the U.S. will stop being an exporter of South America. We'll replace it and it will become a domestic market exclusively as we saw last year and with that, margins will probably come off somewhat and we'll be running the industry at significantly lower rates of capacity than we have for the last 6. So expect good margins through the first quarter and then a transition into the summer and then in all likelihood, a fairly good fourth quarter again. Maybe not as good as this past year but still a solid Q4. But very seasonal and very similar to last year and we are as it turns out, running a soybean stock scenario that is not dissimilar to last year, which means it'll be quite volatile as we get into the spring and summer.
Soren W. Schroder: No, I agree with that. And we continue to show year-over-year improvements in our cash cycle and that is because of the particular emphasis we have on working capital across all our operating companies.
Soren W. Schroder: I will say for the full year, you should expect agribusiness volume growth probably in the 5% to 10% range up.
Soren W. Schroder: I think it is exactly as Drew laid it out. It 's part of our capital allocation framework when we look at share buybacks, dividends, M&A and CapEx on an equal basis with an objective of maximizing shareholder value. So I wouldn't say that it is not new from that perspective. It is consistent with what we announced back in October and what we are now executing on. And so on an ongoing basis, this doesn't happen once a year. This happens all the time. We will value and find the best use of our cash inflows.
Soren W. Schroder: Maybe another way to say it, David, if you take the $2.75 or $2.80 and you take the logistic transportation cost to Brazil and a discharge in tanking cost and you calculate what that is in reais per cubic meter and you compare to where retail gasoline is being priced. So, a, gasoline you will come up with that 25% discount that we're talking about.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, first of all, there is still room for us and for the industry to improve efficiencies and we are working on that. It takes time. We've come a long way. Drew mentioned some of the more dramatic measures we have taken and industry has taken to get in a better spot. The weaker currency is helping on top of that. That has been a headwind for the industry for a few years up until recently. But I'd also say that the current price of ethanol, the intra-crop prices that you are referring to are quite good. In other words, if we could project the year out with those prices, we would largely bridge the gap we're talking about. When we say that ethanol is challenged, it's because we believe, as is seasonally typically the case, that once you get into the peak crushing period in May, June, July, ethanol prices have to actually go to a below-sugar equivalent to buy enough demand in the domestic market. And that is where this problem with the imbalance between the world price and the domestic price of gasoline comes in. So just to be clear, the current prices that you referred to as being good, they aren't being good. They're very record. We wish they would continue.
Soren W. Schroder: Right. That being said, David, we are going to see growth in our cogen-generating ability. Last year, we generated about 300 megawatts; 2014, we're about 550 and we'll get to 7 -- little over 700 by '15. So we are in a rapid ramp-up in cogen and it will have a positive impact on our bottom line.
Soren W. Schroder: The potential is there for them to be excellent and for us to set another record year, but you know the nature of this business, as well as I do. It is very difficult to predict this far out. Were only in the beginning of February, but the potential is there.
Soren W. Schroder: The benchmarks we are using are partly internal and they're partly external. Within Bunge, we are measuring likeness of these units against the best-in-class in Bunge. So like business units, whether it will be oilseed crushing, grain origination or whether it would be in food, milling, packaging plants, whatever, are being benchmarked against the best we have in Bunge and the best practices we have in Bunge. In some cases, they'll be calibrated for age and location. But we believe that within the Bunge network, we have some of the best in the world. But it may not be everywhere. So that is our starting point. To the extent that we have external data and we do have some, we'll use that in its place. That's what we call the gap analysis and it's part of the performance management process that we started back this fall and build our current budget around. It is work in progress. So we'll perfect it through the next business cycle, but it is really this exercise of measuring all our facilities and activities against the best we know. And this is an exercise that is now led by our global segments because the other one is we have global visibility and also have access and knowledge of external benchmarks and believe it's a very strong process that will really come into full fruition as we roll out the program this year.
Soren W. Schroder: I don't know whether corn exports out of the U.S., in particular, will make a significant difference to Bunge. Probably not. But I would say that the U.S. has captured global market share in corn, maybe a little bit more than the market and people expect it. It is competitively priced and you can see from the weekly export sales that continues. So first quarter should be very strong in corn exports out of the U.S. and we should benefit from that. I think the more important part is probably that the oilseed crushing environment for the first quarter in North America remains very favorable. That has a bigger impact on us.
Soren W. Schroder: I was trying to refer to 2 separate things. One was the income that we and the industry, in general, makes by carrying corn out of the crop into the new year. So that's more about storage, okay? That was not the same as you would have expected in normal years simply because of the retention of farmers and the market structure didn't really allow for that. So that's a source of revenue that I think, in general, the industry just didn't get. The other thing I commented on was specifically the logistics snags in the rail transportation that worked to the West Coast, where the industry, in general, really suffered from port turn times and bad logistics and lack of power, frankly, by the railroads. And we hope that will not be repeating itself as we get into the first quarter here. So those were the 2 impacts that I talked about in the fourth quarter. I think in the first quarter of this year, things are looking a little bit better, although the logistics are still challenged on the West Coast. But in general U.S. exports should be good for corn.
Soren W. Schroder: We've come out of 2 really tight years with poor crops and so this was the first crop in 3 years where the system really had a chance to replenish pipelines and in the meantime, farmers have built more storage. So the impact of this year's large crop probably wasn't felt the way that you would have normally expected it in terms of developing large carries that would have added storage income to the industry. I think another large crop next year you'll get back to something that's more normal, but this is really in many ways a transition year in the U.S., both for corn and soybeans.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, it is correct that the industry, in general, has bought less beans, priced beans this time compared to the last year. But the pace of buying or the pace of selling from the farmer is picking up. So with the weaker currency and in general, better futures, we have seen over the last couple of weeks a pickup in farmer selling and pricing and we expect that will continue. So expect that by the end of March, we'll be back to sort of the same level as last year. So a lot of fresh pricing is coming into the market right now, which is good. And as regards to corn, we are buying some of the, let's say, the winter crop corn, very little of the new crop, if any, of the new crop. Safrina corn has been commercialized so far. That's still ahead of us.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, we -- I don't have any particular comment on that. We're exploring the full range of options, so I don't want to get nailed down to one particular one. One thing we are doing and that's very important for everybody to know is that we're relentlessly going after costs and improvements in our existing business. That is really what we are spending day and night on, putting ourselves in the best possible position for whatever comes.
Andrew J. Burke: The timing is, we're going to commence the repurchase this quarter, so pretty soon to buy the $200 million and we'll do that over a reasonable period of time. As to why $200 million, it was the amount we are comfortable with at this point. We're going to go ahead and complete that program. And then we'll use our capital allocation project and can -- process and continually review whether we wanted to add to that or not. As you indicated, we would still have $300 million of availability under our current authorization.
Andrew J. Burke: Thanks, Diane. I don't want to give a precise number on the sugar business because it obviously moves based on how much inventories we have at any point in time or that type of thing. But it's typically between $2 billion and $2.5 billion of book value in the sugar business. As to what we'll do with the funds, we will go through our capital allocation process and we will allocate it to what brings the biggest return to the shareholders. So what brings the biggest return to the shareholders is return of capital to shareholders, we'll do that. If what brings the biggest return to shareholders is an investment somewhere in our business, we would do that. But we will go through that same process we described earlier and are open to all the options in -- with the primary principle of being able to maximize value return to shareholders.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Ken, in a broad way, as we take a look across the portfolio, we have operations in a lot of different countries. And as we go in, we compare their operation metrics and returns. We find opportunities in 2 regions. One is to drive our best practices across the company and to get all our facilities, manufacturing facilities, ports, logistic networks performing at the same high levels. So we take the lessons from our best performers to the weaker performers and try to close those gaps, which is very efficiently, because when we get productivity improvement and operating efficiencies of that nature, it comes right to our profits. The second thing we do and we've always done is we take a hard look at the underperforming businesses that we have. We always have some markets that are performing better than others and in some businesses that are performing better and we're trying to be quicker and more consequent in addressing the ones that are performing below targets. So I would think in the early-stage, those are the 2 big things we've seen and we're going to continue to work that process and pull out as much of that value as we can.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I think, Ken, the big factor change over the last couple of years is we've introduced more spend and we're kind of putting a cap on our spending relative to the amount of assets we have that was grown over the years. So you're seeing the total decline. And we look to take that decline in 2 main areas. One is actually in our maintenance CapEx. We've had a major predictive maintenance program in place that we started a couple of years ago that is now starting to produce dividends and a dividend that should produce is that we get better at it and we have to do less major capital process in that arena and do more in advance. So we're looking to bring down the maintenance point at par, because while it is essential, it is isn't always value-adding. So we'd like to minimize that and I think the other place you've seen us shrink a bit is in growth CapEx because at the beginning of last year or mid-last year, we decided to pull down what we're investing to really go at the higher return things and make sure markets caught up for the need to go to new capacity. So I think those are the 2 areas where you're seeing the change in what's happening.
Andrew J. Burke: The facility you're referring to is idled. It is not permanently closed. There is a shift occurring in Brazilian tax laws with how we monetize tax credits that we earn when we produce when we crush beans and sell the end products. And the quickness, on which we're paid obviously reflects the return on investment when we operate. And that particular plan -- plant does not have its high margins as others. So payments are slower. We do not have a good return until we see the new Brazilian system work and the money come back at the pace it is supposed to, we'll idle that plant. I also noted the oil season in Brazil, so we're not at the peak of harvest as we've idled the facility.
Andrew J. Burke: I think the -- I think, one, we've got a lot of emphasis on working capital. So I think clearly they'd be as efficient as we were last year or more efficient. The one thing that could cause a little bit of a working capital increase is if the markets go from an inverse to a carry. You may be in a situation where there's a return investment to keep some more inventories in storage. And if that's being the case, we -- if the return was there, we would probably do so. One would cause it to move up a little bit but it would come with a corresponding income. But other than that, there's no fundamental reason we shouldn't be able to operate at the inventory levels we did last year.
Andrew J. Burke: David, I am not adverse in the statistics to the exact points of reference you're giving. But fundamentally, Brazil gasoline prices are about 25% below international parity at the moment. They don't use the U.S. refined prices as the measure. It's done based on a delivered basis and in Brazil.
Andrew J. Burke: David, we have done some cogen projects and we have -- and we are adding capacity at the Moema mill and a couple of the other bills. So we have not abandoned them in their entirety. We have not started new ones. I think they would calculate on our return on investment, but we don't want to be committing to new investment in the sugar business till we get through this strategic review and understand where we're going. But we do think long term, cogeneration does pay. But it's a long-term investment. It's not an investment for the short term, so we need to know what the long-term strategy is.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, David, I don't want to answer too specifically. I'll come to the '14 rate, but I think to put it in perspective and to take it to one example, when we took the decision to take a valuation allowance on our sugar tax assets, that means in -- that means we took a valuation allowance and took a onetime charge for the balance at the end of last year. When we have losses this year, we do not take a tax benefit. The impact that has on the tax rate is sugar reduces the profit before tax by its loss, but it does not reduce the -- change the amount of tax we play. There's not a reduction. So because sugar polls are down mathematically, your tax rate is moving up if there's a loss on that business or any other business with the valuation adjustment. So part of it is that factor. The rate going into -- from '13 to '14, has 2 major impacts that bring it from the 30% down to be approximately 23%. The first is we are projecting a near or breakeven performance in our sugar industrial business and other businesses where there are valuation allowances and the second is that we are implementing certain tax planning and capital structure initiatives. The 2 of them combined will bring down the tax rate to that 23% level. If sugar were in other business with losses -- has greater losses, it won't increase our taxes, but it will increase our tax rate because you'll have the same effect of pulling down the profit before tax. So that's the factor at play there and that will exist going into next year. But if you look at the forecast profits we have by entity and you apply the tax rate by legal entity that we have, you come to the 23% rate at the moment, but it does vary based on how each entity moves. As to your question on the likelihood of future valuation allowances, obviously at the end of each year, we take a look across our business portfolio, across our asset portfolio and we record the necessary valuation allowances or charges we think are necessary. We recorded everything that we're aware of at the end of this calendar year. And we do not, at this moment, expect anything else. And I know you've read all our filings. We do have active tax matters around the world, including tax claims about us in governments that are in courts. In those situations. We have external legal opinions that say we are more likely than not to prevail, so we don't record any liabilities for those. But anything that is in the court system, there is an inherent amount of uncertainty around it. We also have and that is some of what we took this year -- we've looked at some of those court cases and said, "We will probably have a liability." We may lose and have recorded the liability. So to the best of our judgment, we have recorded everything we should and all those valuation allowances are in place, but we'll see how it plays out over the next years.
