Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. Before Drew offers details about Bunge's performance in the second quarter and our outlook for the rest of the year, I would like to start by discussing conditions in the agribusiness market. Weather is always an important variable in the agribusiness and food industries, but this year it's particularly significant. Global stocks of corn and soybeans are already tight, and severe drought in the U.S. has lowered expectations for replenished supply this fall and driven commodity futures prices to record levels. As the world adjusts to these developments, we are likely to see a tempering of near-term demand among commercial customers, the emergence of nontraditional trade flows, both within regions and globally, as well as a massive planting by farmers in the Southern Hemisphere. Large crops next spring from farmers in South America will help provide relief to a stressed market. We expect Bunge will have a strong second half of the year, not only because we are confident in our business and our approach, our global presence in agribusiness, our investment in sugar and our downstream and fertilizer businesses, but also because we are confident that the role we play as a company is both meaningful and valued. In times of tight commodity stocks and price volatility, farmers depend on a trusted outlet for their crops. Commercial customers rely on a responsive supplier, and the world requires flexible trade that can move products smoothly and safely from where they are to where they need to be. Bunge's strong balance sheet, efficient operations, diverse product portfolio and global asset network enable us to provide these services in the most challenging of times. Of course, record commodity prices spark concern for the food security of vulnerable communities. However, while corn and soybean stocks are low, global stocks of other key staples, including wheat and rice, are at more comfortable levels. The availability of these crops, combined with rational approaches by governments to domestic food, agriculture and trade policies, fast response from aid agencies and cooperation from industry, should help the world respond quickly and effectively to potential issues. I will now turn the call over to Drew, who will take you through the quarter and our outlook.
Alberto Weisser: Ken, the fees -- the crush fees of South America is fully in swing. Obviously, we have already bought most of the beans that we need to crush. Crush margins are okay, so they have been quite good and we feel comfortable where we are.
Alberto Weisser: Obviously, the structural margins have been better in South America vis-à-vis last year, and we expect it to continue being strong until the end of the season.
Alberto Weisser: Well, the Safrina is related to corn and so the margins here also have been very strong and -- for domestic and export businesses so this has been -- in fact, this is not Safrina anymore, it's very large Safra [ph]. So we have good inventory, good forward business this year and margins are structurally strong.
Alberto Weisser: Look, we feel as strong as we felt in the last quarter. For the rest of the year, I think we are very well positioned, and South America is performing extremely well. And so if there is some weakness, perhaps in crush margins in Europe like rapeseed and in North America, it's offset by the stronger performance of South America. So our outlook is as robust as we thought about in the last quarter. Obviously, it's a little bit different because the harvest is looking different, but we feel very comfortable about the second half.
Alberto Weisser: It's -- the good news is that many of the investments that we launched are now in full swing like Nikolayev in the Ukraine and the Pacific Northwest, the -- some of the Vietnam plant and so on. So they are performing as expected. So -- also, the acquisitions in the food sector in India and in Brazil. So we are comfortable with how they are performing in terms of returns as expected. Obviously, some a little bit better or some a little bit less good, but we are very comfortable the way they are moving.
Alberto Weisser: I feel, at least, as strong as in the last quarter. Let's -- we obviously are quite worried with the shorter crop in North America. But the way Bunge is positioned with a very strong global asset network logistics, I think we will be able to participate and help the customers to feed wherever it is needed. So we feel very good even with the change in the picture of the harvest, and we have probably one of the strongest balance sheet in the industry, and we are being able to fund the expansion of the business with the higher prices. So as you see -- saw our inventory going up, we are ready. So we feel very, very well positioned.
Alberto Weisser: We feel very good about the next 18 months. Also, Sugar & Bioenergy will start showing the results, and we are seeing it already the way it is performing in July. So we are comfortable with the next 18 months, the outlook.
Alberto Weisser: Well, you have to understand that we are very strong in South America, and the South American harvest was a very good one. It was lower than originally expected, but I think it was the third or fourth largest ever. So -- and therefore, the world needed their products and they needed the infrastructure and the kind of assets and capabilities we have so the margins are good. So -- and when we look into next year, South America will again be a major contributor. It is a shorter crop in U.S. but it is going to be a good crop. So we will have enough beans and grains to process until the end of the year. And we have to remember also that we have expanded in the Black Sea area where we have generated significant amount of volumes, and it was not there last year. I think what you are hearing from us is Bunge is, because of its geographic breadth and also the product portfolio, we are very well positioned. That is exactly where our strength comes to play. When there are problems in some areas, we are able to compensate it with products and geographies from other areas. So that's exactly our business model.
Alberto Weisser: I would say we are where the USDA is, and there's still time, and there's quite a way to go with the soybean crop. So there are a couple of rains out there so we are where the USDA is as well.
Alberto Weisser: We are in the middle of it so we earn our spread, so what we would do is you might have -- the fourth quarter should be reasonable because we will have the availability. You might have, earlier in the beginning of the first quarter of next year, not enough beans to supply for exports. So you have to remember that Brazil starts harvesting at the very end of December already. So Brazil would have to kick in even earlier. So I would say that the scenario is tight, but it is reasonable. We think we will be able to serve our customers.
Alberto Weisser: Well, one situation is -- one message is very clear. I think it is the one thing we don't need and would be very detrimental is government interventions about limiting exports. As we have seen in the past, this is very, very negative for the whole world and we don't have any indications. We think it is -- we have enough inventories, and we have enough ending stocks. So we feel it is comfortable. But obviously, government interventions are always tricky and problematic.
Alberto Weisser: I'm not so sure. I think we are having this time -- okay, we have the issue that we don't have enough feed input, which is corn and soybeans, are smaller but this is -- goes into the livestock industry. So I think that's a little bit different. But rice and wheat is available. The Chinese crop is good. I think we have enough, although a little bit lower in Europe, but we have enough production of wheat. We have enough stocks in U.S. and the crops should be okay. So I would hope everybody stays reasonable and just remember the issues with corn and with soybeans.
Alberto Weisser: We would say at the moment, the change in demand is more that we, 6 weeks ago -- 6 weeks -- or 2 months ago, we expected a higher, in fact, an increase and we are not seeing the increase, so that is the delta. And I think the live -- the meat industry and some end customers are being more careful and not expanding. So we think there is enough supply until at least beginning of next year. And physically, I think we have supply and there might be substitutions. There might be some rationalization and there might be odd trade flows, and we are working with our customers with these different scenarios. And so far, I think, obviously, the biggest impact is high price, which is obviously negative for the end consumer.
Alberto Weisser: We know that the government would like to increase. But as you have seen from -- also from our chart, the production of sugar and ethanol from cane sugar has not increased. So there's only so much that can be done to increase the blending rate. So first, the prices have to go up before you would see significantly more expansion of cane production and then you could see an increase in the blending rate.
Alberto Weisser: We don't know. But obviously, because the country is importing a lot of gasoline, which is very expensive and obviously, they would prefer to have local production of ethanol. So the government is thinking and working on what to do to help to expand the ethanol production. So I think that would be probably the first step and then the second step would be increase the blend.
Alberto Weisser: We have very, very small de minimis business to the end customer in China. So these kind of things happen from time to time. We have seen it before, so we plan for this when there are difficulties increasing prices. Even if it's not the government, not always we are able to pass on all the increases in price to the end customers so that is why you saw also, because of the volatility of prices, you saw the drop in margins in our quarter. This does not mean, as a company as a whole, that this is automatically negative because sometimes the margin is picked up in Agribusiness. So -- but over time, we are able to pass on the prices to -- into the market. Now when I talk about improvement in crush margins in China, it's more that we see there's ample inventories, a lot was bought. And as these inventories are crushed, we see an improvement in the margins.
Alberto Weisser: I would say we -- it's obviously also how you position yourself commercially when you buy. We start buying the crop for the -- sometimes already in July, August for next year. So it depends, obviously, when you buy it and what kind of margins you can accomplish. And -- but the structure, the global structure in the world allowed for the farmers to make significant amount of money and the margin expanded for the processors and the merchandisers like us. And this is normal when you have a large crop and you do not have too much competition from other regions. So the picture is very constructive for South America this year and also for next year.
Alberto Weisser: Overall, I would say the quarter was good because Agribusiness performed better than we thought. Now we had some issues in Sugar & Bioenergy and in Food & Ingredients. Now I would say our outlook for the second half in Agribusiness continues to be very strong, and in Sugar & Bioenergy, probably stronger for the second half than we thought in April, but we will not be able to recuperate everything, the amount we lost in the second quarter because there was more rain in June than we expected that increased our costs. And in Food & Ingredients, we think we will be able to do at least what we did last year. It should be better because we have a couple of acquisitions that came in. So we feel very good about the second half and also next year.
Alberto Weisser: Look, let me tell you the way I see generally the crush margins. They have been and are good in South America. They have not -- are not good in U.S. They are good in Canada. Soybean in Europe and sunseeds are very good. Rapeseeds are not so good, and China is improving. So the general picture of crushing margins so far this year and the outlook for the rest of the year are better this year than they are last year. And obviously, Dave, we can't tell you exactly what we did in our strategies for the second half of the year in U.S. But we feel we are very confident that the crush margins will be quite good in the fourth quarter in U.S. as well.
Andrew J. Burke: Ken, let me just add to that because you took it out, how do we feel over a longer period of time into next year, right? I think we're feeling pretty good about next year. You're going to have very large crops in South America, and we're very well positioned to both process and handle the crop in that market, and I think you'll see a big harvest in South America and big volumes used domestically, but particularly for exports because the world's going to need that product.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I would think so, Ken. One, it's hard to predict the U.S. because we're in a difficult weather position. So the soybean crop isn't made yet and it's under some stress. But I think the feeling is that the fourth quarter will be -- third and fourth quarter will be okay in the U.S. but they'll run out of product earlier -- early in the first quarter of next year that there won't be a whole lot that can be exported out of the states, at which time the Brazilian crop will come in. So I think on a net-net balance, yes, we do see the opportunities for us in the future of Brazil outweighing what we might give up because of the smaller U.S. crop.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, we can. I think it'll be a little bit lower again, Ryan, because what's happened is in the second quarter, we lost crushing volume. And we still have the same crop. We have 17 million to 18 million tons. So as long as there's nothing very unusual in the Brazilian weather pattern, we'll be able to meet our crushing targets for the year. But the other significant thing in the sugar business is how much sugar you recover in the cane. Storing the cane we produced in the second quarter, the total recoverable sugars were lower than historical levels because the cane was wet, in effect, from the rain. So that piece of the profit, we're not going to be able to earn back over the rest of the year because that crushing is done and that sugar is gone or was never there. So I think it will be slightly below than we thought last time.
Andrew J. Burke: Okay. Let's take it one at a time. And then if you want more details after that, I suggest you give Mark a call, he'd be happy to take you through it. In Brazil, we start the harvest in the second quarter. At that time, the cane is not that mature and the total recoverable sugars are lower, lowest of the season. And as you move through the harvest, the sugar continues to mature and the concentration of sugar in the cane grows higher as you move out and then it declines again. So as you enter the third quarter and the beginning of the fourth quarter, you have the highest recoverable sugar rate. So a kind [ph] of crush is not a ton of crush. Material crush from September forward -- or excuse me, from July forward, starts to have the higher total recoverable sugar than sugar recovered earlier. So that's one factor. So you actually get better yield in that period and that's why we've always said sugar is a second half business and we earn our highest profits in the second half in sugar. If you look at total recoverable sugar, they do recover during -- as the crop moves along. I think the UNICA data is showing that the total recoverable sugars are getting higher. How high they'll get versus historical has a lot to do with the weather and other factors, and that's very difficult to predict. Our projections are based on kind of a normalized ATR development through the crop cycle.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Vincent, I don't want to give too precise of an answer because it's a very dynamic situation and what it would mean to us varies on how much inventory we decide to carry and how much of a position we have on the exchanges. What I would say is we are very comfortable with our balance sheet and our debt capacity at the moment and think we'll be okay in all the scenarios that we are envisioning for the market going forward. So we don't see that as an issue at the moment. It could be at a point in time, but right now we don't see it as something that's going to impact us in a great way.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I think the 2 in the press release, the one is very straightforward, which is we had a gain on the sale of Solae, which is tax in a high tax rate jurisdiction. So that is having straight some pressure and moving it higher. The second one and the one that causes volatility in our rates is the earnings mix. That is always difficult for us to project. We do business in, I think, over 40 countries. They all have unique tax rate and their tax rates range from very low up to about 35%. And as we've said in the past, the earnings moves throughout the chain in our business quite frequently, so we may be expecting to make it in origination and end up making it in distribution, and that transactions are likely to be in different countries. So that's what causes the volatility in getting it to move up. There are many drivers of wide increase but I would say the biggest driver in this year is the fact that we see both increased operating earnings in Brazil and we see lower financing costs in Brazil. So our pretax income in Brazil is increasing, and that is a fairly high tax rate jurisdiction for us. The other thing I'd point out is while we don't like high tax rates, if it's caused mainly by higher earnings it's not such a bad thing. So -- but we would prefer a lower rate. But when it comes to the other way, it's not. But I would actually say it's strength in Brazil pretax profits that is causing the biggest increase in our estimate for this year.
Andrew J. Burke: Dave, I think what you're going to see is the third and fourth quarters would've been stronger than what we're thinking about originally. I know we didn't publish those numbers, but that is correct because what we weren't able to crush in the second quarter, we're crushing in the third and fourth quarters. However, what we did crush in the second quarter was crushed with less total recoverable sugar. So the amount of sugar in the cane was less because when the cane gets wet, you have volume but you have less sugar there. That delta that we lost of total recoverable sugars in the second quarter, we're not going to be able to make up later in the year.
Christine McCracken: Is there anything different this time, like who controls the supply? I think that shifted a bit since we had these issues before. I'm not -- at least that's what we hear from the trade.
Christine McCracken: And then with the increase in prices of seeds specifically, we're hearing about quite a bit of liquidation globally on the high cost feeds supply. I'm wondering how that changes your demand projections, if it does at all, and how you are working with customers maybe to secure physical supplies.
Christine McCracken: Right. And just one last question then on the Brazilian policy on the blend rate. I'm curious if you have any update on how that might go.
