Soren W. Schroder: Okay. I mean, you're right that, certainly, in the U.S., on-farm storage has expanded at a significant rate over the last few years, and farmers are increasingly in a position to hold the vast majority of their crop. In Argentina, for example, it's been in the form of silo bags, but the same thing is true. So that trend is clearly there. We're not, as Bunge in the U.S., set up as a -- or our business model is not based on large storage revenue returns. We are much more of a throughput handler with our footprint primarily in the south where crops turn fast, et cetera. So to us, it is not -- it's not a major significant impact on earnings. But the trend is clear that farmers are increasingly in a position to choose how they market their crops.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, in Brazil, what's clearly happened over the last 2 or 3 years is that the whole infrastructure and, let's say, the ability of companies like ourselves to handle snacks and logistics during harvest, we've gotten better at it. We've invested -- one example is the new port we have in the northern part of Brazil, Tefron, which clearly takes some of the pressure off during the peak. But in general, better planning, investments in transshipment facilities and, certainly, also some interior storage has been added. But in general, we're just better at running the system in Brazil. I don't think there's as much of a shift towards on-farm storage as you might have seen in the U.S. It's more just the industry has gotten better at handling peak crops. And we're better at anticipating trouble, so to speak, whether it's weather or in this year, it was the truck strikes. We've got more ways to deal with the complexity.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. I mean -- and China is a very different place from a crush margin perspective, certainly, this year than it was last year. Margins in China have rebounded sharply. This time last year, we were looking at negative gross margins in China, and now, really, for the balance of the year, we are looking at margins that are in the $30-plus range, so covering full cost plus some. So it's a better environment. A lot of the reason, I think, has just been the discipline that comes after a difficult year, which the entire industry experienced. Financial players are essentially out of the picture, so there's not a lot of -- there doesn't seem to be any market distortion as we saw last year. And I think, in general, just more discipline. So margins have improved. Underlying demand is good, so we expect a year of growth in China. And protein demand, an offtake, 5% give and take. So it feels like China has returned to more normal types of behaviors and where it's really underlying demand and fundamentals that determine margins. And so it feels a lot better than it did last year at the same time.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think, in Brazil, margins are probably about as they were last year, maybe a little bit better. We've got a big crop almost done with the harvest now, but it looks like a 90 million ton plus crop. And so we expect that crush margins and the pace of crush will be -- remain very strong in Brazil through the balance of the year, but particularly, with good margins in the next 4, 5 months as Brazil supplies both its own growing domestic needs but also exports. And in Argentina, a lot of it depends ultimately on farmer selling, but it's a bumper crop. It's the largest crop we've had. And we've got active deliveries of beans to the ports. All the crushing plants are running at full speed. And Argentina has really sort of taken the stage now of global pricing of soybean meal and at good margins. Whereas last year, it was touch and go. So Argentina, really, is an improvement, without a doubt. So I think, in general, if you take South America sort of as a weighted average, margins are better than they were a year ago, and the prospects for the next 4, 5 months are improved.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. You're not far off. I think we'll have a good second quarter. That, I feel comfortable with. But the 2 things we flagged, really, farmer selling on the one side and softseed margins, which are clearly not as good as they were last year. The question, really, is, can soy overcome all that? And it's too early to tell. But it is -- those are the flags we are bringing up. So it will be a good quarter, but it might not be as fantastic as you would've expected earlier in a normal year where everything would be firing on all cylinders. That being said, we still expect that it will be a very strong year in Agribusiness and significantly better than last.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think that's -- that is fair. Your description is correct. But I would say, though, if you take the weighted average of soy crush margins, Dave, between China, Argentina, Paraguay, Brazil, U.S. and Southern Europe, which is where we have our footprint, the weighted average of that, I still feel is as good or maybe even better than it was a year ago. So it is true that some of the extreme goodness of North America, U.S. in particular, may not be there the same way as it was in the past year. But China for sure is making up for a large part of that. And in general, Brazil, Paraguay and Argentina looks better than it did the same time last year.
Soren W. Schroder: I would say that at this point, I wouldn't consider it to be material impact to overall soybean meal demand. I mean, there is an impact, but you're talking about less than 1%, perhaps, of the total soybean meal consumption in the U.S. So at this stage, I wouldn't flag it as a big negative. But these things can spread. I mean, so what's -- I don't know what's going to happen in the next weeks. Hopefully, it'll be contained. And everybody is obviously working hard to make sure that happens. And from what I've read, that seems to be the belief. So at this stage, with what we know, not be a big deal.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. At the moment, you're in sort of the season where farmers are in the field. They're planting their crops. Their thoughts are not necessarily on selling grain. But it is a fact that on-farm storage of crops, corn in particular, is at an all-time record high. So although a lot of storage space has been added in North America over the last several years, you would expect that with another large crop, which we expect, that marketing pattern should return to something more normal in the second half, but maybe not the second half, but the last 4 months of the year.
Soren W. Schroder: No. I think that -- well, first of all, Bunge's business model in grain in North America is not really based on storing large amounts of crop. We're more of a handler. And our asset footprint, particularly in the southern part of the United States, reflects that. I do think that this -- that there is a shift that's taking place that's not going away. Farmers are increasingly in a position to store their crops to the extent that they have the financial wherewithal to do it.
Soren W. Schroder: It's difficult to predict, really. The fact that there is a lot more on-farm storage means that there is competition for commercial storage. That's clear. But ultimately, it really depends on the size of the crop. And we just don't know how big it's going to be yet. So you could still have wide carries with the existing amount of on-farm storage, assuming that we have another record crop. We just don't know yet.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I think Drew said it, and we've repeated it in the last several calls, that we are committed to a balanced capital allocation approach where we evaluate the best long-term returns for shareholders across the spectrum of ways that we can spend fund from operations. And we are committed to that. And I think we demonstrated that again in the first quarter with the buyback. We will continue to stay true to that. So on an ongoing basis, we'll evaluate where best returns are, and clearly, bolt-on M&A is a piece of that. We had a small bolt-on in the first quarter. We will continue to look for things like that, that complement our existing Food & Ingredients business and have strong ties into Agribusiness. And so as the year progresses, we will just make those calls, and that's really all I can say. We're committed to a balanced approach.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the acquisition in partnership with the [indiscernible] of the Canadian Wheat Board is, in a way, sort of the first step in completing what we know has been the missing piece of Bunge's global Agribusiness footprint in Canada. And so our focus over the next months as we -- well, first of all, we have to close. And then subsequently, it's about integrating the existing Canadian Wheat Board assets with those of Bunge and completing the build-out of what the Wheat Board has already started, a number of facilities that are sort of halfway completed that'll be state-of-the-art, that will fit right into what we've got. And so by then, we will have an eastern footprint that really is quite excellent. The second stage then will be looking at how do we expand west. And we can't get into too much detail at this point, but that is clearly in our thoughts. How can we leverage that footprint then into how we access West Coast flows more efficiently, whether that is partly through our existing terminal in the U.S. or whether that means new opportunities in the Canadian West Coast. That remains to be determined, but it's clearly on our mind.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I -- we do track it. We track it monthly, and we track it, obviously, quarterly. So for the first quarter, I'd say somewhere around $30 million; $20 million in Food and $10 million to $15 million in Agribusiness is what flowed through the P&L. And that will gather -- that will grow in size as the year progresses. And we expect that we will be somewhere between $90 million and $100 million between Agribusiness and Food at year end. And 2016 will be a step-up from that. And as you said correctly, the combined impact of Food and Agribusiness by 2017 will be the $325 million. So that's the type of progression we are looking at.
Soren W. Schroder: I would say that it was a good quarter, maybe on the higher side of our expectations but not far off.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. I think we certainly expect a better year in ag than we had last year for the full year. And as you can see, we're off to a good start. Q2, who knows? It's a little -- still too early to tell, but we mostly are talking about a shift in earnings. So if you look at the full year in Agribusiness, it should be a very good year, better than last year. And if you look at Food, although we do have some headwinds in some of the markets where currency translation is an issue, we are largely able to overcome it through our performance improvements, the ones that I just mentioned. And so Food will be a nice step-up in earnings. So the combination of both, really, should make for a good -- for a very good 2015 and, as we've indicated, on a nice path towards the $8.50 in 2017. So overall, it looks very good.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. I mean, stopping short of guidance, I would say it is -- it's probably more linear but with the usual variations that you always have to expect can happen within our type of industry.
Soren W. Schroder: That's a tough question because it is very seasonal, and it is very quarterly. But I think it is fair to say that the majority structural earnings of Bunge should come out of the oilseed bucket. Any given quarter, that can, of course, be different. But the majority of the earnings power in a normal year should be in the oilseeds section.
Soren W. Schroder: No, the first quarter may not be an indication of that. More as it relates probably to the asset base that Drew was mentioning, which is more of a 60-40 split in favor of oilseeds being larger. That's probably more of a normal -- if there is a normal distribution, that's probably more like it.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, what we estimate at the moment is that the foreign exchange impact in our Food earnings is -- could be somewhere around $30 million to $50 million, call it $40 million. And that some of that, we will be able to offset by our improvement programs that I -- as I described. So if you want to sort of go back to Investor Day and some of the other indications we've given last year about the expectations of a good Food year in 2015, you would've come to somewhere around $370 million. And so that was our expectation as we started out the year. And now it's going to be a little bit less than that, in all likelihood, but not dramatically so.
Soren W. Schroder: I'm not sure exactly what you're referencing there. Our grain results were a combination of good results across many geographies. Grain origination in Brazil, for example, was a very big contributor and should be again in the second quarter. So it's not one business that created the result in the first quarter.
Soren W. Schroder: No, I think we should expect to have good oilseed trading and distribution results also in the second quarter. I mean, we've got a -- it's a global franchise. We've got activities everywhere in the Mediterranean, in the Northern Europe, in Southeast Asia, in the Caribbean. So it's a big portfolio of distribution that is tightly closed and closely linked to our crushing business. But yes, we -- second quarter should be a good quarter for that.
Soren W. Schroder: No, I think -- I mean, there is so much time between now and then that I would say that should still be our target. So no, I would not haircut that. I think this year, the haircut is a little bit like I just described. But I think we should still -- that is the target we are still aiming for, and I believe it's realistic.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I would say, on balance, we believe the net for Bunge is a positive. You can discuss how much it is. But clearly, Agribusiness is benefiting from the opposite effects that the Food & Ingredients has. It encourages farmer selling. It reduces our cost. And to the extent that it continued to hold dollar margins as we have, it should be a net positive throughout the year.
Andrew J. Burke: Given the change to the financial system in China with all of the reforms they have made, we expect that to be a structural shift that -- in a way that business operate that lasts for the longer term versus a temporary movement in market margins.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, David, things shift year-to-year, as you're aware. I think in the longer term, the first quarter has probably been a little bit weaker than the second. But we are seeing some of the weakness that you've referred to this year. And last year, it was a strong quarter, to put it in perspective. So last year, probably a little bit stronger than usual; this year, a little bit weaker. We're not seeing big moves, and we're not really concerned about the soy margins in the quarter. I think Soren said it well. We've got 2 flags. One is farmer selling, and farmer selling can change quickly based on how commodity prices move, how currency moves and how the farmer reacts. So there's still going to be some movement in that. I think we know that sunseed margins will be off in the second quarter. I don't think we see that changing. But realize, the second quarter isn't the biggest quarter for sunseed. It's about 15% of our crush, et cetera. So on the margin, it's going to affect our results, and you'll see the impact. But it's not the biggest driver of our results on the other hand. So maybe that context helps a little bit.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I think -- I apologize, but you broke up a little bit. But if I caught the correct -- the question correctly, you're asking where we are on SAP implementation and how we're going to benefit in the long term.
Andrew J. Burke: We are probably 78% to 80% through our SAP implementation. We have some final markets and businesses to finish putting it in place. It will give us a deeper visibility and more real-time information on both the commercial and the cost side. And it'll help us coordinate logistics figure, so we think it will provide a benefit. And that is one of the things our performance improvement teams are very much in focus on as they drive the logistics initiative, they drive our productivity initiatives in our processing facilities and our food facilities is how are they going to be able to leverage that information across the company. We also are very strong in the area of using best-in-class performance and taking our best practice across the company. And we're already able to do that in a lot of our manufacturing operations where SAP is already in place. Even though it's not everywhere, it's in enough places that we can get a significant advantage from it.
Andrew J. Burke: We have not yet fully disclosed the financing of the Wheat Board transaction and what the structure will be, so I don't want to get out ahead of ourselves here. But I think it's important to remember 2 things that, one, a large part of our contribution will be our recent Canadian asset, so that is transferring existing assets in versus using cash to fund our portion of that transaction; and secondly, upon the establishment of the new entity, the structure of the deal was specifically made, so we have the ability to use cash that'll be in that entity to expand the business. And we very much would like to invest in appropriate assets in Canada and support the Canadian farmer and give the Canadian farmer as much opportunity as he can to market his grains effectively.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I would agree to that. It tilts towards oilseeds but maybe not in the exact proportions we're seeing in the first -- yes, first quarter.
Andrew J. Burke: I think if you look at the balance, you'll tend to see the oilseeds a little bit more oriented towards assets that are fixed assets, which tend to provide higher returns. And you see that expressed in the crush margins. Typically, in businesses that are more flow business with some -- with a more working capital type of structure, you'll tend to see a little bit lower margin. So I think that's correct. Also realizing that you're getting a little bit tilt towards Agribusiness because we've -- towards grains because we've put all of our service income over there to give you some more clarity and insight where actually some of that service income is earned working on things for the oilseeds side of the house.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, it's not an outsized result or a special result in the fourth quarter. It would be typical -- the business reacted in a way that would be typical of what we'd expect on an ongoing basis.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. Dave -- David, we didn't do a forecast of share repurchases, and we tend not to. We'll continue our capital allocation processes of looking at our various options. Share repurchase is something that is part of our plans as our bolt-on acquisitions and some other things, but those are the -- probably the 2 most variable at the moment. And we'll look at the opportunities in each, and see where we think we can create the most value for shareholders and react accordingly.
Andrew J. Burke: Our current purchase authorization has expired. And we are in the process of discussing with our board a potential new program.
