Soren W. Schroder: Well, in reality, probably not much to report in the sense that the price of gasoline in Brazil is fixed. So while the reduced overall crude oil price and global gasoline prices kind of have come down, thereby creating an import margin to Brazil at the moment, it is not likely that the government is going to change the fixed price of gasoline anytime soon. And that import margin, while it exists on the front end, it becomes significantly less as you look over the curve with the weaker real over time. So I think the gasoline price in Brazil for the foreseeable future is fixed, and the increase in the CIDE tax now gives about a -- probably about BRL 150 to BRL 275 per cubic meter boost to ethanol pricing, all else equal. And that really means that ethanol consumption should improve quite significantly as the pump ratio to the consumer is more favorable.
Soren W. Schroder: No, we have not been impacted by that. We had a very good program through EGT at Longview this past quarter, and it continues to run very smoothly. So we have not been impacted by that.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, let's maybe start with the last part first. I think relative to where we were in the early part of December, we did as we expected with the exception of roughly $30 million or $50 million. As I mentioned, the Chinese inventory adjustment was something that happened towards the end of December that we couldn't have foreseen. So that's really the surprise, I would say, from -- or the disappointing part from my perspective for the quarter. If you add the $80 million of mark-to-market back in, which flowed into 2015, you would have had a $400 million Agribusiness quarter, which was reasonable, but again, $30 million to $50 million short of what I would have expected at that time. But in the quarter, I would say that we did better than I thought we would have. In North America, it went from being a very good quarter to a very, very good quarter and probably, a little bit less so in European softseeds. But on balance, we came out more or less as we expected with the exception of the adjustment in China. Looking into 2015, I think on balance, everything is more or less as we expected. Maybe a little bit of an extension of the U.S. crushing season. I think we are now looking -- you see export sales week on week continue at a brisk pace. So maybe we would have said march is when things change and shift to South America. Now we're talking probably more like April, so the U.S. might have bought itself another month of good run rate, so good margins, so that's an improvement. But other than that, I think everything else is as we outlined: big crops in South America, good margins in Brazil. Argentina, obviously, will be a bit of a question mark until we get there for the reasons of the financial volatility in that market. But our belief is that farmers will sell a fair amount of beans at harvest. And in Europe, we didn't really expect softseed crush to be anything substantial in terms of contribution until we get into the new crop with rapeseed in May-June and sunseed in August-September. So on balance, I think it is more or less as we expected. Maybe the U.S. has bought itself 1 more month of good run rates.
Soren W. Schroder: I think last year was an exceptional year in terms of volatility and complexity in China. Not only did you have the overcapacity situation that we described, but you also had the impact of many of the financial players who got entangled in commodity flows, which compounded all this. So 2014 is probably not a good reference point for what's coming. We do believe things will normalize. But that being said, margins in China are likely to be, I'd say, fair, not bad but somewhere in the middle of the road, if I can put it that way. But don't forget that China is, at the end of the day, the completion of a value chain that starts in Mato Grosso or someplace in the U.S. And so when we look at the value of being in China, it's not just the margin we earn in China; it's the ability to connect the flows from farm to crushing plant, the destination plant logistics and secure outlets. And within that context, knowing that last year was really a record year for us in overall oilseeds, China has a place and will continue to have. But that being said, we can do things, and we're taking measures to be more agile. We do some of the exposure we've had historically, and the pipeline is smaller. But China, we have a great footprint. We have a good team. It'll continue to be a big feature of Bunge and a very important piece of, of course, leading overall supply and demand in the world market with China representing, I don't know, 65%, 70% of world trade. So we're happy with what we've got. We can improve a few things, which we are working on, but last year was -- I don't think, will repeat.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the $80 million that we mentioned, which is a combination of bunker hedges and crush margin expansion in the U.S., will definitely reverse in 2015 and most of it in the first half. The $50 million from Q1, I don't think we can plan [ph] that as that will reverse because what's happening between then and now is that overall freight rates have declined. So that what, at that time, would have been a 2015 picture where we had ocean freight inventory below the market, now I would say is more or less at market. So I think you should calculate or you should consider the $80 million as coming back as a matter of doing your models.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, harvest so far is about 10% progressed. That's below last year's pace at the same time, so we're starting a little bit later in Brazil, and overall selling pace is well behind last year. I think we figure about 25% so far has been priced versus probably closer to 40% in prior years. So there's a lot of pent-up farmer selling that should occur over the next, really, 2 months in Brazil, and we're beginning to see it. The weakness in the real over the last days and weeks is clearly creating more activity. And so I'd say origination activity is, at the moment, is fairly brisk, and we expect that will continue over the next weeks.
Soren W. Schroder: It is true that profitability in [indiscernible] particular has been challenged over the last year or so, but we still expect roughly a 4 million tonne increase -- 3 million to 4 million tonne increase in soybean imports to China in this coming season. And from what we can tell from our plants and our own marketing in China, meal is disappearing at roughly a 5% year-on-year increase. So there is still growth in China in protein consumption without a doubt, irrespective of the profitability, and we believe that, that will continue into the next year. But it is not the same, let's say, rate of growth as we've experienced in the last years. And so we're a bit more cautious about how we, let's say, position ourselves relative to margins, and we'll take a more measured approach to how we manage margins. So China, I'll say, is a bit of a flag for overall growth in soy trade, but it will still grow next year.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I mean, this will be the first full year that we operate from our new terminal in Barcarena. We put have about 1 million tonnes through that last year, and this year, we're up and running now just as harvest is starting. So it will be an important, say, relief valve for us and will take the pressure off the flows that are going south, and we expect to run several million tonnes through there this year. Don't forget that a big piece of the journey from Mato Grosso to the terminal is by barge. So the collection point is in Itaituba [ph], where we load grain onto barges and then transport the barge up to the terminal. No different than we do on the Mississippi River in the United States. And so far, I believe we'll be able to do that without any major interruption. The key long term to this so is that we connect those barge-loading facilities with rail, and that is in the planning stages. It will take a few years before that's completed, I believe, but that is in the long-term planning. So ultimately, the efficiency of this quarter will have to become a combination of rail to barge to terminal, very much like you see in the U.S. That will be the most efficient way, and that's the way things are moving.
Soren W. Schroder: No, I think actually, this year is another year of where the industry, and certainly, Bunge has been able to plan well ahead of time. And planning and predictability, and hopefully, no -- well, it depends on whether you want rain or not, but the fact that it is rather dry at the moment creates no disruptions. And I really believe that we'll be able to execute the first 2 months of the program in Brazil without any major hiccups. It looks like it's even -- it looks like it's even more smooth than it was last year at the same time.
Soren W. Schroder: Of our total crushing capacity, boy, I would say probably about -- hold on a second, let me do the math. Probably about -- yes, between 10% and 15%. So it's important, but it is not overwhelming. And I don't really want to get into the specific P&Ls of any regions but to tell you that we obviously feel we could have done better. But if within the context of our global oilseed franchise, which includes the origin as well, we had a very good year. In fact, it was a record in global oilseeds last year. So that's good. You should see it within that context, but we could have done better. Clearly, this -- the $30 million we talked about at the end of December didn't have to be -- we could have done better.
Soren W. Schroder: I mean, there will be some seasonality, obviously, throughout the year, but reality is that the last 3 quarters, we've delivered EBITs and combined Agri-Food in excess of $400 million. And I think as you sort of look at that on an annualized rate, that's probably a correct measure of -- or a fair measure of our current earnings power, and then we can grow from there. But I don't know that you can say that $400 million or $380 million -- yes, $400 million if you add the $80 million in mark-to-market, that's not necessarily an ag run rate every quarter. But we will certainly have quarters like that next year or this year, but I think the $400 million for the last 3 quarters that we've delivered overall Agri-Food is a fair measure.
Soren W. Schroder: Brazil, I'd say, February will be lower than a year ago by probably 1 million tonnes or so. In March, forward, it will be the same pace, maybe a little bit higher. So first quarter, Brazil in total is probably just a bit below last year's -- last year, a very strong pool [ph] and -- don't forget it's a little bit of a different market environment this year than last year. So very strong export programs but not the frenzy we saw the last 2 years. And in Europe, I'll say our views on crush, in general, is that soy crush will remain favorable in Southern Europe, probably throughout the year. And soft seed crush, so rape and sunseed will be skewed towards the last half of the year. We expect good margins there, so I think, in general, probably a similar environment as we had in 2014.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I would say the domestic demand base in Brazil is very strong, and certainly, the weak real will make Brazil an even more competitive origin for meat exports. So I think the domestic demand base is very favorable and somewhat different from the last couple of years is that the export pool of beans is less. Like I just mentioned, February exports will be 1 million tonnes less than it was a year ago because the U.S. is in a position to supply a longer period. We're not running out of beans in the U.S. this year as we did the last 2. So that the export pool on soybeans in Brazil is a little bit less dramatic than we've seen it, and the farmer has still a lot of beans to sell. So the combination of those things is favorable to domestic crush -- to domestic crush margins, and we haven't -- we have a fairly sizable year-over-year increase in soybean meal trade actually. So soybean meal trade was stagnated for a few years, has resumed again. And at the moment, it is mostly supplied out of the U.S., which has been good for margins here. And that will shift into Brazil as we get into sort of March and April. So I think the overall environment for margins in Brazil is better than it was last year or at least as good.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I don't think that I -- it is not correct to say that I've instituted programs so that the company is taking less risk. We continue to perfect and improve the way that we take risk that we learn from, let's say, mistakes, and we have strong risk controls in place today as we have had. But it's a continuous process of improving how we look at risk. And over last year, 2014, risk management and trading results throughout Bunge were positive. They were positive, maybe not to the same extent that they had been in previous years simply because margin opportunities, opportunities for dislocation were less. But we had positive contributions from our risk management activities throughout 2015. EPA has become a little bit more selective. Markets last year were a bit random. It was a year of transition. First quarter was a good example of that. The early part of the fourth quarter was an example of that. So we've been a bit more cautious just because it wasn't so clear exactly how the transition would take place from this extreme tightness to what now appears like a growing surplus. So we're just very aware of the risk that we are taking. It is something that is discussed daily in Bunge, both through myself and all the other senior managers in Bunge have complete access and knew what risk we're taking on any given time. And I would say I'm happy with the outcome for this year, and it was a positive one but not as big of a contributor as we have seen in previous years for the reasons that I just mentioned.
Andrew J. Burke: I think as we look into '15, while we don't give guidance, as you know, Adam, I did mention we do expect an increase in earnings. So we do expect a result, an increase in funds from operations as we move into next year. And when we do our planning at this time of the year, we kind of do it on a -- mostly on a working-capital-neutral basis. Maybe some increase is focused in there to represent the growth in the business. But as you know, commodity prices are -- we are not certain going out in the future, so it's not a big part of our planning other than we keep the liquidity capacity available to ensure we can fund whatever is necessary so we have the ability to move. So it -- as we've entered into this year, you assume a number for FFO to be a little bit bigger than last year's $1,100,000,000-plus. We would probably allocate a portion of that again. As we said today, the CapEx -- the dividends are quite certain, and then the numbers that are a little bit more variable, although CapEx is continually updated and looked at, so there's some variability. But the numbers that are more variable or what would be returned to shareholders vis-à-vis what we may do in the acquisition arena. We went through that process last year and allocated $300 million to purchase shares, and we didn't allocate much to M&A because the opportunities weren't there. We'll follow that same process this year. So how much will go to shareholders versus M&A will depend on what opportunities are in the market and what we can realize. From a rating agency standpoint, we think our ratios have gotten into a place where they're in very good shape. We always want to see them improve and be better around the investment grade, so we'll continue to stress that. But if we stay disciplined on our capital management and continue to grow cash flow, I think the investment-grade rating will take care of itself. The key is that we deliver on what we said we would do.
Andrew J. Burke: Cornell, I mean, we did phrase it in terms of at least 9%. As you know, as we look forward, we need to forecast earnings and what our balance sheet will be, which, in a commodity business, has a lot of volatility and can move. But I would say if your point is that the 9% feels conservative in the current environment, I would say that that's fair, but there's a lot of the year to get to. But I would say it is on the conservative side. To frame it a little bit, if we had, had the $80 million mark-to-market had stayed in '14, we would have come close to the 9% in '14.
Andrew J. Burke: But Ken, I think while we're not -- we won't disclose the numbers, China was a drag on our earnings throughout the year as it was a drag on the industry. Margins were depressed there partly because of capacity, partly because the financial players moved a lot of soybeans from origins to China, and more that were necessary that then got forced through the crushing system with depressed margins. So if we look into how China performed in '14 versus prior years, there was a reasonably significant decline in that performance.
Andrew J. Burke: I don't know that I just want to say yes, Ken, and the number that we reported is not the amount of cash we pay in tax. Certainly, we do pay some cash taxes around the world, but in other places, we have significant tax attributes available. If you look at our disclosures in our quarterly and annual filings, we have significant tax assets available in Brazil and tax credits. And we've paid no or very little cash taxes in Brazil, as an example. So your thesis is correct, but it's not that we pay 0 cash taxes.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, I think in sugar, I assume you're asking a question because we missed in the fourth quarter. There were -- it depends whether you're talking about short-term forecast or long term, so let me answer both a little bit. In the short-term forecast, we were off on the amount we were able to crush in the fourth quarter, not by a significant amount, but as we've said before, sugar is very leveraged on a -- to the crush rate. So 1 million tonnes of crush has got a big variable margin with it in the area of $30 million, $40 million. So if you miss your crushing targets by a little bit, it moves, which makes forecasting that business difficult. And if you're talking about an annual forecast, as we stated earlier, it's a harder business to forecast because you're making a lot of assumptions around weather and crop yields and sugar yields, et cetera. So we try to make a reasonably conservative forecast factoring all of those factors in, but it is not the easiest business we have to make a forecast to.
Andrew J. Burke: I don't know that we would say that our forecast accuracy has improved because we still have to get through the weather and we still have the impacts of Brazilian policy, et cetera. I think why you hear a more -- what we're saying in a more positive commentary is policy in Brazil has turned much more positive. So the CIDE impacts -- tax increase is supportive to the industry. The increase in the blend rate is supportive to the industry. There've been a couple of state tax actions that are supportive. So the environment is better, but we still have a lot of variables that we -- that you get through as you go through a year in sugar. That could be better or worse than we forecast, frankly, but it's very hard to forecast the Brazilian weather for us. So there is always going to be, particularly in the early part of year, a range around where it will come out. And also a reminder, most of the money is made in the second part of the year, so when you're talking to us in February, we don't know the exact crop size, we don't know the exact yields. As we get more into the crop, the variables decline. The other key thing around our sugar businesses is our real focus as a management team is to make sure we're running it in a way that in most -- in almost all forecasted outcomes, clearly if you get to either tail, it may not -- to the lower tail of it, it may not be the case. But in reasonable outcomes, we'll be cash-neutral or positive. So that is the way we drive the business and think about it and spend a lot of time focusing on exactly how much we're investing and how we're going about running the business to keep it cash-neutral or positive.
