Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few thoughts. So looking at the longer term, the fundamental drivers of our business remain in place. Global population continues to grow and the need for sustainable solutions to meet that demand means the world will continue to look to Bunge to supply essential products and services to the feed, food and fuel industries. Our strategic combination with Viterra will help us accelerate our long-term growth with greater diversification across customers, assets, geographies and crops, we're creating a platform with enhanced efficiencies, connectivity and capabilities across value chains. This will provide us with more optionality and allow us to even better serve the needs of both farmers and in consumers regardless of market environment. In addition, we're continuing to progress on our other important growth initiatives, including enhancing our footprint with targeted greenfield and bolt-on acquisitions, deepening our relationships with customers at both ends of the value chain, strengthening our digital capabilities and investing in innovative and sustainability-oriented programs and products. In Brazil, we reached an agreement to acquire CJ Selecta, a leading manufacturer and exporter of soy protein concentrate in Brazil. Construction is also progressing well on our soy protein concentrate plant in Morristown, Indiana, and we're nearly ready to begin serving customers from our new highly efficient multi-oil facility in India. To continue to help our customers meet the demand for sustainability and low CI crops, we're executing on regenerative agricultural projects with multiple customers in multiple countries, helping to build sustainable, integrated supply chains and expand global regenerative agricultural practices. For instance, tomorrow, Bunge and CP Food, a leading Asian feed and food company, will announce a collaboration to develop a black chain solution for the traceability of deforestation free soy from Brazil. We're proud of the progress we're making, but also know there's still much to do as we continue positioning Bunge to deliver on our critical mission of connecting farmers to consumers to deliver essential food, feed and fuel to the world. I continue to be impressed by the energy, collaboration, innovation and commitment of the Bunge team as we work together and with key partners to find solutions to the world's most pressing food security issues. And with that, we'll turn to Q&A. 
Gregory Heckman: Sure. And I'd just start by saying the solid execution by the team has really been the key here. It continues to be really dynamic, but the ability to deliver the strong Q3 and then give us the confidence to raise the years this fantastic execution. So we've seen crush margins improve recently and that's really been on the back of soybean demand improving. That's allowed us to go ahead and lock in a lot of Q4 on the crush side. We're, of course, not seeing that same visibility into the Q1 and Q2. We do expect that to kind of develop over the first quarter -- I'm sorry, as to develop for the first quarter as we go through Q4. But overall, we're still on the back of a really tight situation globally, and we expected that to play out right as we got to the end of Argentina with the crop really about less than half of last year. And so we did have to call on crush for the rest of the globe to step in and provide that. We continue to also see strong oil demand in North America, and that's both from food as well as fuel. And that has, of course, driven the opportunities, not only while crush has been volatile, but gross margin have been volatile, but actually been very strong, and we've seen it pulling oil for reformulation and pulling imports. So I think that's -- those are going to kind of be the drivers that we'll continue to see here in Q4. 
Gregory Heckman: You bet. I think what will be similar is until we get another look at the South American crop. And while the weather patterns look like they're setting up favorable for South America with an El Nino. That's really not how the planning is starting. So we do need to see that weather happen and see a good crop. But if you can get strong crops. We had a record in Brazil. If we see another record crop in Brazil and then see the crop, I think the U.S. data think that we could see a crop in Argentina on soybeans even back above 22 levels, but that would be about twice what we saw for production this year. That starts to make South America, again, very competitive globally on soy exports as well as exports to China, but it's on meal and oil. So that will be the one we watch, but remember, we're not going to get that until April or later. So this tightness will continue through Q1. And so as we get more visibility, the first half, we'll see we'll be able to kind of lock that in and then see how weather plays out here in the second half. And the others ultimately on China, where we look at soybean imports probably to be flat and corn imports to be up. But China is a very savvy buyer and we've seen it can really depend on prices when they'll reload stock. So I think any surprises there could be to the upside on volume and be supportive also on the merch side. 
Gregory Heckman: Sure. I'd say in the first half, the tightness that we expect and then we talked about the size of the South American crop. Of course, remember what we saw this year and that is kind of good for our global footprint. And while being pretty balanced globally has helped us deliver our most complete footprint is South America and especially Brazil. So the record crop there was good for our export system as well as our crushing system. It made South America more competitive versus North America on bean exports, which kept some more beans at home in the U.S., which actually -- our crush franchise is bigger than our export franchise in North America. So again, that was positive for our crush franchise. So if you see another record crop there in South America, will have that same benefit in Brazil. And then Argentina, which has been a drag this year would be a bigger contributor next year. So those are where we're watching the weather. I think when you think about '24 and the things that create the uncertainty or less visibility in the second half, right, with geopolitically, policies, the conflicts that are going on, I mean those are the things that can create dislocations in the crops and in the oil flows. What I will say is I've got absolute confidence in our team to execute by staying focused on the things that we could control. Of course, you've got the government policies around biofuels and that's RD and eventually SAF being developed. But the one thing that we've seen it definitely appears the regulators want these markets to develop. And as we show that we've got the supply there, I think we'll -- we believe that policies can even be adjusted to ramp up demand. So exactly it's -- the channel is up and to the right. There'll be some volatility in the supply and demand as those markets sort themselves out, but it is new demand to this industry and it's firmly in place. And then I touched on the weather, right? We've got to watch El Nino. It should be good for South America. We're not seeing that right now. And then what it does to river levels in the U.S. when we're dry and we've seen this year, that was another thing that didn't make the U.S. as competitive on exports with the low river levels, which again hurt export but benefited crushing and then processing. And then China always tough to predict, but a very important customer for beans and corn. And lastly, on the merchandising piece, it kind of ties in around serving our crushing, serving our third-party customers and then just merch overall in corn, wheat and our freight opportunities. So this dislocation, there can be upside there. A lot of confidence in the team to execute, but it definitely gets a little less clear in the second half. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Let me start, John. You can finish. Look, I think one of the things that we were really excited about the Viterra deal and what's great is they've got 2 great shareholders that really know this business in Glencore in the Canadian pension funds in CPP and BCI. So they wanted equity. In fact, they wanted more equity than we ultimately gave them and they want the ability to buy more equity for the long term because they believe in the power of the combination. They believe in the industry, on the important essential role the industry plays and they want to be able to add on to that investment. So that is all laid out in the agreement. They are going to have 2 board seats each, so they'll have 4 of our 12 board seats will be from our new shareholders. So we're really excited to be able to get not only the teams together and the asset bases together, once we are able to close this transaction. But we're excited to bring those new Board members in and bring that experience in and that knowledge to help drive this business. So just excited about really all aspects of the combination. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. And I'd just add one thing. You said that, that margin, right, it will move around between our value chain. You may see some of that move from refined back into the crush with the demand for crude oil. And then I would just also say you hit on an important part that yes, it does take some time to get these units up running and get the catalyst dialed in. And what we hear from some of the folks as they handle some of these other oils that are more difficult, part of that is using the refined oil for a dilution. So we play a role long term even as they bring in other feedstocks. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I'd probably start by saying I'm not a great political procrastinator. So I will make a forecast -- I will say, we've been in Argentina a very long time. And so we have worked closely with the government. Agriculture is a very important industry. We've worked with a lot of different regimes to help them accomplish their goals. And I think regardless of who's in charge following the November election. It's not a light switch. It doesn't happen overnight. It takes a while to effectuate change and we want to be a good partner to the government and we'll be there. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. One thing, and I should probably clarify or remind everyone of, I mean, that's a great global business, and we have done a lot of work the last few years to really improve everything, how we're integrated with our value chains on the risk management, how we're working with customers and our customer segmentation, how we're working with customers on innovation. And with the supply chain problems that the industries went through as well as a lot of switching on the oils. Now remember, over 80% still goes to food, even though there's 20% going to fuel or to feed as we're seeing some of that reformulation. But the food industry is very strong there. We added that Avondale refinery in Louisiana this year and we integrated that right into the network, and that's allowing us to import additional seed and tropical oils and serve our food customers here in North America. So overall, the energy demand is important, but there's a great strong underlying business there that's executing very well for our customers. And that's both the brands that are the CPG brands, some of the famous brands that you know well as well as in the food service space as well. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think it's a great fit, right, for us to run our programs, whether it's working with producers to add value on the -- running the non-GMO programs or even on the GMO programs that allows us -- Selecta is a big supplier to the feed industry and the aquaculture, which continues to have nice growth. So we see them definitely as complementary. And then, of course, as we bring Morristown up. And what we want to do strategically, right, is have a great footprint in North America and South America with a low-cost position with that direct connection to farmers to build those transparent, verifiable supply chains for our customers and ultimately lower CI products and grow with that market because it's going to grow, all meats been soft, but the kind of traditional use of as extending in traditional meat continues to be strong. We're seeing growth in dairy. We're seeing growth in pet. And then as we said, growth in the aquaculture. So this is another  of one of those that just long term is a place we have a right to win. It's a natural adjacency. It also adding Selecta. That was kind of the last area in Brazil we didn't have much of an origination footprint, and we want to be able to serve all of our producers. And then, of course, with our partner, UPL, with Origio, we'll be able to bring some of those regenerative practices and other practices to our farmers. So really, it's about continuing to build out our footprint where we've got those gaps and do what we're good at and stay really focused. 
Gregory Heckman: Sure. If you look at China, crush margins have been volatile all year there. It's very spot. But our team has done a fantastic job. We've had a very good year in China, a better year than last year. And Q3, we actually a great coordination between our industrial and commercial logistics team ran record volumes for us. And so animal numbers continue to hold in China. So while it continue to be very spot, it looks like some of that will carry into Q4. We talked about Argentina. Of course, you've got about 0 farmer selling right now there. So until we get to new crop. Argentina continues to be a nonevent, very tough situation. And then we've seen margins improve in Brazil, and that's really good global demand and the back end of what was that record crop. Now the farmer has been a little sporadic on old crop selling South American farmers were watching and the weather situation developed in North America to ensure that there was going to be a crop there. But then as that crop kind of came home in North America, then we saw some better selling and new crop selling has been pretty slow. So that will be the key to watch there as well. In Brazil, I think long term, we switched in April from B10 to B12 and then each year we'll add 1% demand. So we're starting to feel that as well. And then look, North America, there's definitely been a lot of volatility in the crush margins, and we've seen that in oil as we've added this energy demand. That oil pipeline is pretty sensitive, right? We've seen it kind of draw down stocks and get pretty tight. We've seen it loosen up what people had opportunities running. And I think that will continue to be that way. But there is strong oil demand, and now we're seeing the meal demand start to return, and that's really to serve the rest of the world with meal not coming out of Argentina. And then if you look at soft margins, they really remained good globally, and that's the strong oil demand, and it's also been good seat supply, if you look in Europe and some of that's Ukraine where you're seeing switch to Sunseed at the expense of corn or if you look in Canada, where we've seen the canola crop get a little bigger than anyone expected and production has been better there. So that's been supportive as well. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. As we said, I think the long-term fundamental drivers there of more demand. Food has held in there. In fuel, we know that demand is going to grow as we see RD projects continue to come online. It will be a little choppy depending on how things are running. Crush is running hard. We've got some new crush coming online and the market will have to do some adjustment. But global stocks of oil are fairly balanced. If you look palm still from a production on how is producing probably going to get tighter in first half and tighten up the global oil situation. And the nearby softness, some of that was driven around RINs in that, and then the meal demand stepped in. And so they will continue to be a bit of a battle on whether meal or oil is going to carry the crush. I don't think it's going to be a straight line to either one as we move forward. 
Gregory Heckman: Well, I'd just say, look, we're going to stay really disciplined, right? And we're so not going to do anything that would create any slowdown or conflict to get the Viterra deal closed and through the regulatory process. So that's number one. But otherwise, our targets continue to be in those areas where we need to fill in some strengths where we see the long-term growth and where we have a right to win. And that's why CJ Selecta was a great example. It's been a target for years. And quite frankly, it's how we think about things. Our team, we're constantly updating and challenging our list and developing those relationships. That when those right assets do come available at the right price, we want to do those deals. And we've had a chance to do deals along the way that weren't at the right price, and we've stayed patient and we will continue to be disciplined and then do them when they're available at the right price. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Yes. Unfortunately, we still have to operate separately until we can get the deal closed. So we continue to be competitors. But when we did talk about the combination as we think about the future, when we get the opportunity to run these business together, one of the things we're most excited about, right, is that our assets are in different places. And our strengths being processing and then there's being origination in handling and storage and distribution is a great offset. And I think you've called out exactly right, part of the diversification that comes in that combination is with all their storage, storage when you get into a carrier contango it's definitely good for their system, and that's part of the diversification that we'll get with that combination. So yes, the big crops definitely should be good for their system looking outside in here. 
Gregory Heckman: Sam, there's probably 2 things to think about. One, the ag markets and the crush in the curve, the most liquidity is always in the first 90 days, the first quarter and then the second quarter out, some of that visibility in liquidity is there, but not as much, and that's kind of historical with these markets. So yes, when the market is such that we're getting more signals, there's more liquidity and more visibility a little farther out. That's a better operating environment. Now the other I would say is the board crush is part of the calculation, of course, the cash crush ultimately is what -- how we execute each of those legs in the cash market. It's ultimately the money that we bring to the bottom line for all of our stakeholders. And I think what you've seen in the execution, even after we get ourselves hedged out on the Board, ultimately, it's getting hedged out on the cash and how the teams execute right up until when we receive the beans and ship the oil and ship the meal there's opportunity to continue to upgrade and maximize what our ultimate realized crush value is. And that's why I think the team has been doing a fantastic job. If there ends up being upside in Q4, the drivers will be what we have opened and to see crush margins improve as we locked it in, but it will also be in the quality of the execution around the cash legs that are still open or as we see some dislocation and changes in our global footprint. 
Gregory Heckman: All right. Thank you. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today, and I appreciate your interest and support of Bunge. Again, I'd like to thank the team for great execution and just the focus on the things that we can't control and what continues to be a complicated world. But we continue to be confident in our ability to execute. Look forward to seeing you again. Have a great day. 
John Neppl: Yes. Look, I think as of now, we're keeping the time line fairly steady. Now that could certainly accelerate given the steps we've made already. But when you look at 2024, we've got a pretty robust pipeline of CapEx projects to execute. We had significant increases here in CapEx and a lot of that relates to some big greenfield projects that are underway, and we'll have similar or maybe even slightly higher CapEx next year related to that. We announced CJ Selecta, that will close in 2024. That's going to be a draw as well. We'll see how things shake out on the cash generation side as we go into the year. And then we'll balance that, obviously, with share buybacks and other M&A opportunities that might come up. But ultimately, as we get near the close of the Viterra transaction, we do want to try to target certain leverage ratio at close, and so that might impact timing as well. But whether we pull it forward or not, we still remain committed to hitting the $2 billion. 
John Neppl: Yes. This is John. I think we have anticipated over the long run that producer -- RD producers would shift ultimately to crude soybean oil away from refined, but it has been slower than expected. And I think that it's really more right now about there is new -- as the new RD production comes on, it may have pretreatment capability, but the existing units haven't necessarily transitioned. So the demand we have today for refined as we expect to be fairly steady for a while, even if there's growth as the new production comes on and has pretreatment. But certainly, we've heard some similar things and we believe we can be a great solution either way, whether it's refined or crude soybean oil. And also, as we've said before, we think we have a place in the supply chain around low CI feedstocks as well, and we'll be -- continue to work on that, so that we can provide our energy customers with everything they need. 
John Neppl: Well, I don't think we're ready to say that yet. I think we are committed to our dividend as an important part of our return to shareholders. And as we look forward, we'll assess that with everything we have going on and with our outlook, timing of the share buyback. We mentioned that our goal is to get the other $400 million done by the time we close the transaction, but that gives us some time to take a hard look. And historically, we review that in Q1, and then we had generally adjust that when we get toward May. So we'll do the same thing this year. We'll take a look. It's probably too early to tell, but we certainly have a lot of good opportunities for capital allocation. So it's a good problem to have because we've got a lot of great opportunities ahead of us. So -- but again, early, but we are committed to our dividend as well. We know that's important to our shareholders. 
John Neppl: Yes. First thing, Salvator is the Korean owners that announced only own 65% of the JV. So they were just reporting on their proceeds they were going to receive in the transaction. With respect to the overall, how to think about it, we're expecting early on low teens return, but getting to mid-teen returns on that project, and it will be accretive day 1. In terms of what we can do with it, I mean, I think our goal is to grow that over time, as Greg kind of talked about the markets that we should be able to serve out of that asset. It's very complementary to what we do today, but also a growing European market, for example, has been a destination for that plant, in that operation. And so we're pretty optimistic about it. But it will be -- we think day 1, a very good accretive project for us. 
John Neppl: Yes. This is John. Look, I think related to D4 RINs, certainly, some of that has to do with the relatively low RVO that came out and then you have biodiesel being imported into the U.S. that's carrying RINs with it. And so the market feels a little heavier right now. But ultimately, I think the policy change that's coming in 2025, where we switched from a blenders credit to a producer's credit will -- should have a positive impact for us and for RIN values at that point. So we'll be watching that closely. And then ultimately, what does EPA do with RVO levels. California implied that they'll take a harder look at what production capability is and adjust their target blending requirements in California based on the industry's ability to produce RD -- if the RVO -- if the EPA takes a similar stance, then maybe that will be positive as well, that's to be seen, certainly. But we think the industry is certainly capable of producing a lot more than what the RVO would imply. And so we'll be watching that going forward as well. But ultimately, I think 2024 will be a bit of a transition year. Here, we'll see how things shake out. But I think long term, we're still very positive on the direction. 
