Ann P. Duignan: Can you talk a little bit about the comments you made about the U.S. crush margins being particularly strong? I mean, I don't think any of us really expect those to be sustained at current levels, given -- probably driven by the lack of supply. And then can you also talk about the impact of the record harvest and whenever it is harvested, the capacity issues with rail and how you're getting around all of that? So 2 questions on the U.S., please.
Ann P. Duignan: And just as a follow-up, do you think that the rail car capacity issue is the bigger risk to the industry than the lack of barge capacity down to Mississippi? I'm just curious to which one kind of you're more worried about.
Ann P. Duignan: Okay. And then just as a quick follow-up on Brazil. Can you just talk about post-elections? You've made mention what might happen on the sugar & bioenergy side. But just in general, where you think the pluses and minuses are now that we are post the election in Brazil.
Soren W. Schroder: Okay, Ann. Well, crush margins in the U.S., we actually believe will remain very favorable into next year. How far into next year? It remains to be seen, but certainly through the first quarter. It's a combination of really strong domestic demand on one side, livestock margins are positive and meat production is expanding again. On the other side, it's a function of exports. The U.S. has been the cheapest origin for meal exports supplying the world trade really for several months now, and you can see that in the export sales reports. We are well ahead of last year and probably in a record -- at a record projection. So capacity -- demand for U.S. crushing capacity is real, and it'll stay with us for quite a while. The board crush moves that you might be referring to that we've seen in the last couple of days, they may not be an indication of how it will be in January or February. But we still expect that margins in the U.S. for the next 6 months to be well above historical averages and probably the best we've seen in many years. So that's on that front. And so far as the large harvest and how it will come to market, it is true that it's been a bit of a delayed harvest, and farmers, so far, are not active sellers. We're buying what we need to run our plants and our programs, but it's a cautious seller, no doubt, and the delays in harvest has exacerbated that. Rail issues are very spotty. I think in general, it's true that the North American rail infrastructure is under a lot of strain to meet demand from all sectors, not just the agricultural sector, with demand across all the sectors being higher year-on-year. So people see the system strain for the next several months. And the railroads have all been trying to catch up on capacity really since the end of last year. Some had more success than others. We don't believe that it will have material negative impact on our business. Our export flows, especially to the West Coast, are running normally. We are seeing occasional disruptions at some of our crush plants but nothing super serious. But it is a risk factor for the industry for the next several months, no doubt. So far, though, I would say it's manageable.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, as -- I think agriculture in Brazil, and Brazil as a whole, we feel very good about long term, irrespective of who would have won the election. It's got a bright future. We're already planting what is likely to be another record soybean crop next year. You probably will see some reductions in corn acreage, but soybean growth year-on-year is going to be significant, as much as 10 million tons of production. So the expansion of agriculture in Brazil, in soy at least, is intact and will continue, so we feel all good about that. We are in a good position, as you know, to help facilitate those crops to market, new port facilities and so forth that we'll be able to tap into next year. I think the biggest issue really is around the fuel policy in Brazil. That relates directly to our sugar milling business, of course, and believe that there's an opportunity now for the government to refocus on energy and do the right thing, which would be to align international prices with domestic prices in Brazil and get ethanol prices into a reasonable start.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, as I mentioned earlier, we believe that there's a very fair chance that by the end of the year, we will have a modest increase in gasoline prices, and there is a lot of discussion around the CIDE tax coming back. I guess I believe more in a modest increase in the gasoline price. And I think that, that is very likely even with the current government. What is also likely to happen is that the 27.5% blend rate for anhydrous ethanol is very close to being implemented, in our opinion. So that's another positive that should come into ethanol sometime between now and the end of the year. So I think by the -- by first quarter or certainly by the time we get into the new crop milling season in Brazil, we will have an improved ethanol pricing picture.
Soren W. Schroder: We should see a significant pickup in volume in the fourth quarter as the Northern Hemisphere crops come to market. And we're already seeing that U.S. exports should be very strong. Exports out of the Black Sea should be very strong compared to last year. There should be a nice recovery year-on-year in the fourth quarter, and certainty from Q3. So I feel very good about that. Relative to our expectations going into Q3, we knew that farmer selling, particularly in Brazil and in Argentina, would be a challenge. Q3 is typically the quarter where most Brazilian -- many Brazilian farmers log in a nice chunk of their new crop profitability. And that did just not -- that didn't happen this year. We expect that probably 10% of the crop isn't priced relative to what's a normal rate of 30% to 35%. So it's a significant drop from where we were, and I think it probably ended up being a little bit lower than what we had expected. But we did make mention, I believe, in the last call, that we felt that results would be heavily weighted to Q4, and that'll turn out to be true.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think the U.S. will have a very strong export season well into the first quarter. And what we do know is that the Brazilian soybean planting, are probably a good 10 days late, maybe even a little bit less -- a little bit more. So the new crop soybean availability in Brazil will be delayed a bit compared to last year. So the U.S. should really have a very, very strong export season that goes well into Q1. So I think you're right.
Soren W. Schroder: I'd say all options are open. The full range of options are still open. We've explored many opportunities over the last months as we've gone through the review, but have not found any of them to represent fair value to Bunge's shareholders. So we'll continue to look for a way. In the meantime, as you can tell from our results, we are very focused on making the business as good as it can be. So very, very pleased with the progress we are making with the business. And our team in Brazil is doing a stellar job in making it as good as possible. But we're continuing to look at a full range of options to put us in a better position and to unlock, as I mentioned earlier, the return potential of the $2 billion we have tied up in the business. We have to make that return. And so our intent and our focus is unchanged.
Soren W. Schroder: I can't really give you any timing on this. It is our number one priority. We're looking at it every day. At the same time, we're making sure that we run the business as efficiently as we possibly can. So it is on our to-do list every day, so to speak, but I can't really give you any timing.
Soren W. Schroder: The blend rate will help, no doubt, but it's not enough. We do need a move-up in gasoline prices in Brazil to make the ethanol business more sustainably profitable. A 6% to 10% increase is what's been discussed, that will be about right. Sugar, by itself, if you look at the forward sugar curve and the real is at a point where it is profitable to produce sugar. So we need a little help in the ethanol to put the business into a more structurally profitable position. Power prices has been a nice improvement year-over-year, and we expect that energy prices, electricity prices in Brazil going into next year also to be better than historical, maybe not as high as this year but favorable. So I think there are a number of things that should make you think that next year could be a reasonable year. But in all likelihood, not meeting our return expectations and feel falling a little short of cost of capital, and that's why we continue to look at our full range of options. But next year could be a better year even.
Soren W. Schroder: Okay. I mean, overall, demand for proteins and oilseeds is going to be up nicely compared to this year, another 5% or so. So global demand growth and global trade in the proteins and oilseeds, soybeans in particular, will be up nicely year-over-year. And a lot of that was linked to China where we believe that growth will continue. So the underlying fundamentals of demand are strong. Domestic demand and the U.S., domestic demand in Brazil is very strong. The livestock sector in Brazil is doing very well. Exports of meat are up. So really, across sort of the Americas, the economics in soya are going to be favorable, extending into -- as far into 2015 as we can see at the moment. So when we switch supply from North America to South America sometime in March and April next year, I think we will continue to see very strong demand pulled out of those origins, with nice export elevations and margins, a good crushing environment in Brazil and at that time, in all likelihood, also in Argentina. The Argentine farmer is planting another large soybean crop, and that will come to market on top of the 10 million tons of soybeans that it is likely to carry into next year. So South America should be in a very good position starting in March, April next year. And in the U.S., the big difference to the last couple of years is that we will have ample soybeans left to crush at nice levels of capacity throughout the summer, whereas the last 2 or 3 years, we have been constrained by soybean availability, as you know. So overall, I believe the soybean crushing and export environment, both in the U.S. export season and crushing season in the South American one, is very favorable all through 2015.
Soren W. Schroder: No, I don't think you can call it a meaningful impact. It is true that biodiesel margins, because there is no longer the dollar tax credit, have been marginal at best. But most plans are still running. And I think we have forecasted roughly 1.3 billion gallons of production this year, which is about unchanged, a little bit more than last. So demand is there, but it is not with the same profit as it was in the previous year. And whether or not there will be a retroactive tax credit, I don't know. Some people are speculating that there is. But I don't think that there's been any meaningful impact to our business from the current environment in biodiesel.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, we believe that Q4 is going to be a record quarter, so let's start with that. How much beyond that, we'll have to see when we get there. But we do believe that Q4 will be a record quarter for agribusiness and possibly also a record Q4 for Bunge.
Soren W. Schroder: I think you're generally -- generally speaking, you're on the right track. Whatever we have not bought in advance in South America, we will obviously buy when we get there. So there is a lot more grain to be bought, soybeans in particular, in Brazil and Argentina as we start the early part of 2015. So what we didn't buy in the third quarter, we'll buy then. And you're right that between now and certainly, the end of the first quarter, the U.S. farmer will be supplying the world market predominantly with both corn and soybeans and soybean products. So there should be a nice continuation of, let's say, income from -- in agribusiness in particular, but food & ingredients as well from now until -- into the harvest in South America.
Soren W. Schroder: We don't comment on our trading positions. But I can tell you that to my knowledge, there's no issue particularly pertaining to the move in soybean meal futures in October. We obviously do put margins on our crushing business ahead of time to some extent, but we've averaged into margins in a very good way during the month of October for Q4, and we'll execute those with a nice profit as we close the year. So don't expect any nasty surprises.
Soren W. Schroder: I cannot comment on the probability of the dollar tax credit coming back retroactively. I mean, this happened before and I know there's speculation that it could happen again, but I don't have any particular insight to that. I do believe, though, that biodiesel demand in the U.S., in Brazil and in Europe will remain very steady. The one place where there's a little weakness in biodiesel is in Argentina at the moment because energy prices have come down so quickly. But in general, biodiesel demand should remain strong through next year.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I'm not sure what you guys are referring to. But I do believe that certainly, starting in the second quarter next year, the Brazilian crop will come to market. And whatever has not been sold in advance will be sold then. The same thing is true in Argentina. So the lack of forward selling that we've experienced so far to us means there's more margin realization as we get there. So it's a shift in earnings, we'll be pushing off margin a few quarters ahead of ourselves, but it will come at the time when we get here. With a 90 million ton-plus soybean crop in Brazil, I'm not so concerned that farmers will not be willing sellers for at least a nice portion of it. It is, in all likelihood, weather permitting, going to be another record.
Soren W. Schroder: I think it is true, in general, that because of profitability in the farm sector over the last several years, more farmers than perhaps historically are able to hold back their crop and market it as they see fit. But all farmers, even large industrial ones, have cash flow needs. And so a portion of the crop will come to market, I believe, no matter what. And you're probably talking about a 5% or 10% difference to historical that could be in question. But a large part of the Brazilian and Argentine new crop will come to market between March and June, I think, is very clear to me.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think as we explained in the second quarter call, we do have ambitious targets for this segment over the next couple of years. And the growth, really, is a mix between internal improvements, roughly 50% relating to costs and commercial excellence and the programs that we have put in place that you'll see hitting the bottom line certainly in Q4. And the other half is from bolt-on M&A. We have enough capacity to execute on that over the next several months without having to do something with sugar. So our strategy to grow the food & ingredients piece meaningfully over the next 6 to 12 months is not dependent on that.
Soren W. Schroder: I think we can reach the 35% that we have targeted and mentioned as our goal without having to do something with sugar. But we will look at our sugar business independently of the food strategy. So I hope that answers it.
Andrew J. Burke: Adam, the U.S. harvest came in a little bit later than we had originally predicted due to weather reasons. So I would say, the volumes were a little bit softer, but mainly, the crop is there. It's just a matter of time of when it's going to be released into the market now, whether or not those volumes will get moved.
Andrew J. Burke: It is the second, Tim. What we're talking about is that positions are fully locked in. If there's variability in how much of the $60 million we'll recover, it could be timing in the case of the executing some of the distribution contracts. But that would only be a timing difference to the $60 million. But we don't need any price movement to achieve those results. They're locked in, we just have to execute on the shipments or the crush.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, I think Ken, to try to give a little color, we don't give guidance, and part of the reason we don't is there's a lot of crops to be grown. And exactly, the environment in the following year is unknown at the moment. But I think we have said that we expect to be 2% over the cost of capital in our core agribusiness and foods businesses next year, and that would imply continued growth in the performance in those businesses. And we're sitting at near-record levels at the moment. So I think we are optimistic about '15, but we don't want to get overly specific because there's a lot of crops to be growing and weather to get through, et cetera.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, I think, Diane, when we look out, we see a model that's 65% agribusiness, 35% food when we gave you those numbers on a longer-term basis. If sugar was there, that would be an additional and then you would adjust both the agribusiness and food percentages.
