Soren Schroder: Yes. I think it is very varied, so we could spend a lot of time going through all the different these pieces. I think what’s relevant to us is that the Ukrainian and Russian wheat export programs look to be intact, big crops as big as last year and in some cases, bigger are good for us. Exports should be strong. In fact, we are right in the middle of harvest as we speak and yields need is coming in better than we expected. I think that’s also the case in other parts of Europe in wheat in particular. What we have let’s say challenges is in the European specifically the East European corn crops, where hot weather during pollination has really hurt yield potential. So that’s the downside, not necessarily for us because it might very well mean that you will open the flow of Brazilian corn to Europe that should speak to our strength. So in general, on the grain side, I think it’s mostly positive, strong wheat exports and potential for some dislocation in corn as the year progresses. Sunseed crops, we are still looking at sunseed crops that are better than last year, both in Russia and the Ukraine and most of Eastern Europe. On the other hand, rapeseed crops have – which have just been harvested or are being harvested is off by 2 million or 3 million tons, but that was largely known early on. So that’s pretty much how we see it.
Soren Schroder: Well, within the Brazilian economy, the agricultural sector is probably faring the best. That’s clear and that’s why on balance Bunge Brazil will be okay despite the challenges in the domestic consumer side of things. I don’t think that we expect a large expansion in acreage call will be a modest one. I think we are talking more about possible future further yield improvements in both corn and beans next year. So we do expect there, we expect bigger crops in 2016 than in ‘15, but I am not sure we really believe it will be a meaningful acreage expansion.
Soren Schroder: Yes. I mean, we saw early signs I suppose in the first quarter. But really, it all came to a screeching halt in terms of consumer off-take in the middle of the second quarter. And that happened particularly in edible oils at the same time as the crushing industry was ramping up its seasonal crush. And so a combination of excess oil in the market and companies like ourselves and retailers, who saw demand simply falling off a cliff led to a re-pricing and the flush out of inventory so to speak and that puts tremendous pressure on margins. So, it all did happen really within a very condensed period of time and compared to what was a good year in the second quarter last year. From what we can tell, the markets are beginning to stabilize. Volumes have stabilized and are creeping back up. And I suspect that in edible oils, it will probably take us through the third quarter to get margins back to where we historically would be and probably the fourth quarter, where oil supply in Brazil balances out better as crush rates ramp back down again to put a little bit more balance in supply and demand of the edible oil sector. In milling, the volume drop was almost as much as in edible oils, so reflecting the same trends, but also there we have seen a small pickup in volume as we have gotten into July. So, to me, it feels like the second quarter, at least in our sector, was when there was a shock to the system and everybody realized that there was a major recessionary issue on the table and the markets adjusted all at once. So, it will be a slow rebuild, but we are seeing things stabilize and slowly move into better territory. And of course, at the same time, we are hard at work to do what we can to trim cost and improve supply chain efficiencies, making sure that our clients get up to better OEEs that we cut our logistics cost as we have been successful in doing in other parts of the world. And this just puts a little bit more pressure on us and doing it faster there to adjust. But coming out of this, I suspect that we will be – you will be even stronger than we were going into it.
Soren Schroder: Well, I mean, specifically talking about the U.S. market, which is corn milling. So, it’s not weak. It’s corn milling. We have been affected by the trends that you spoke about. And what we are doing – and this takes a little time, but we are working on it is to replace some of those volumes with, let’s say, products that speak to current trends. So, for example, non-GM corn, organic products, ancient gains and various types of extruded products are going to the stacking industry, which is still growing. So, it’s a process that will take some time, but we are finding ways to replace volume that used to go into those traditional sectors with other volumes that we believe speak to current trends, but again, it’s a process that will take some time.
Soren Schroder: Yes, they are very volatile as you have noticed. I would say that second half of the year, average crush margins are probably somewhere in the mid-teens dollars per ton. That compares to margins that were zero or even negative at the same time last year. And they have come down from a level that was probably closer to 30 in the earlier part of this year. So, they are in the mid range of what I would say of where we started out and where we are, so call it about $15 for the balance of the year.
Soren Schroder: Yes, I would say that on grains, China is sitting on a large pile of corn. So, it’s unlikely that you will see any corn imports. As far as soybeans are concerned, we had a very, very strong flow of soybeans from South America, from Brazil in particular, during April, May and June that has built inventories in China and that probably means that the early part of the U.S. export season will be a little slower than it was last year. And you can see that reflected in the open export sales of soybeans compared to last year. We are off by 6 million or 7 million tons. So, I would say in general, a slower start to the U.S. season than last year, but still a strong pool of exports in general on a global basis between grains and oilseeds.
Soren Schroder: Let’s start with the last one first. It’s between 15% and 18% depending on the quarter is represented by sun and canola/rape crush. Well, couple of things. First of all, our overall crush volumes for the second half will be up year-on-year by, I would say, about 7%, 8%. So, that’s a good beginning. As we look at the weighted average crush margin throughout our system, Argentina, Brazil, China, Southern Europe and the U.S., the value at least at the moment is at least as good as it was in the same time last year. So, we are looking at the open value of our crush capacity if you take into account the increased volume as being bigger in dollar terms than it was at the same time last year. So, that’s one thing we feel good about our global soy crush for the second half of the year. Softseeds, I think it’s a balancing act. I think we expect better margins in sunseed, maybe a little bit less in canola, but already starting in the second half of last year, canola margins started coming down. So net-net, it’s probably about a breakeven so to speak. But grain handling margins both in the Black Sea, in the U.S., and I think continuously also in Brazil and Argentina, where we have a longer tail to the crop and will be crushing longer as well should net be a positive for us. So, I think we have a fairly good idea of where we have the upside versus last year. Of course, a lot of the crush still has to be locked in. We have got some of it locked up, but not all of it, but the outlook is pretty promising. So, we feel good about saying that our results in the back half of this year should be at least as good as – at least as good as last year.
Soren Schroder: Yes. The number of $475 million by 2017, that we have spoken about, many of the things that we can do to sort of counter the negative trend in consumer volumes, we are already doing and is part of our ongoing improvement efforts. So it’s about making our plants more efficient. It’s about reducing supply chain costs, logistics cost, rationalizing where we can. Drew gave an example of where we have done that in the U.S. There may be other opportunities to do the same. So really and our focus on cost and efficiencies is what we can do. And I was saying in terms of how this will roll into the $475 million by 2017, the timing of course is a little tricky given the economic conditions in many of the emerging markets where we have food businesses. But in the case of Brazil, I feel good about saying that if we don’t exactly hit it there in food, we will likely see it in Agribusiness. That is the flip side of the coin in a place like Brazil where we are facing headwinds in the domestic market in Brazil, but all the export-oriented flows and activities that we have there really should benefit. So the sum total of the numbers by 2017 and therefore our 8.50 target, we still feel is intact.
Soren Schroder: I would say that’s priced already. And reality is that there is – even though the canola crop is smaller than the peak two years ago, there is still ample seed to fill all the capacity that exists in Canada. The real question is how much seed leaves Canada for export, it’s about 50-50 what’s used domestic and what goes for export. So I think the crushing industry in Canada is probably fairly sized at the moment. And it really is a matter of how much seed goes to places like Japan and then China. But I think that most of the impact of the new capacity has come on, is already reflected in the margin structure.
Soren Schroder: So far we are experiencing a nice pickup in farmer selling in Argentina sort of towards the end of the second quarter and now also through July. We have continued to price briskly in Argentina. I think that will stay with us probably for another – through August, I would say maybe even middle of September. So Argentina should be a full speed crush through September and that’s good for us. We have a lot of capacity that’s now running at full. But I do expect that we will see a slowdown in farmer pricing as we get into around election time. And then depending on the outcome of the election, it may be a complete shut off for the balance of the year or not. We don’t know yet. But I would say a continued pace of good pricing for the next month, month and a half and then we will take a pause and see what election comes – what the election brings.
Soren Schroder: Well, we still look at the soymeal growth domestic consumption in China has been positive, somewhere in the 5%, 5%, 6% plus area for this year. And despite the reduced production in China of pork, inclusion and formulation of soybean meal continues to rise. So I think that’s the reason why we continue to see growth an off take and we are really seeing that despite what you might hear in terms of reduction in the local production and more imports. So the trend towards sort of very efficient production still means an increase in the soy inclusion rate and I think that's a bigger driver of growth at the moment.
Soren Schroder: I don’t think you are missing much. I think what we said was the $1 billion was sort of what we felt was bracketing the downside of Agribusiness. And it can obviously – it can be more than that and we hope and expect that it will. So to say that we should be able to, let’s say exceed last year’s last half without taking into account the $80 million, I would say I feel very comparable about that. And I would say that I feel comfortable about that even including the $80 million, if you know what I mean. So I think that the $1 billion is sort of downside of the range and they can be – it can be more than that. And as Drew mentioned and we alluded to, we started the third quarter with a little wind in the back from the recovery of the position issues we had at the end of the second quarter.
Soren Schroder: I would say that so long as the U.S. domestic market remains as buoyant and strong as it is at the moment, where the majority of the growth that we expect from our U.S. crushing activities are really more in towards domestic off take. I think our net balance, it will be positive for us. It should mean that we have the Argentine industry running at full speed even prior harvest and we have a sizable presence in Argentina. So I think with the domestic U.S. outlook being so positive, I think it will be net positive for us going into early next year.
Soren Schroder: No, other than we – we are pursuing all the various alternatives, but are very conscious about striking the right balance of timing and value to shareholders. And so I don’t have anything new to report to you and we will as soon as we do have something. In the meantime as Drew mentioned, we continue to make nice strides on running the business, and it’s not a drain to the company anymore. We are going to be cash flow positive and profitable at the end of the year. And so we are in the mode that we would like to see faster rather than not, but patient in terms of value and outcome.
Soren Schroder: Well, farmers are already sitting on a significant amount of the total stock. So the two large crops in a row, you would expect that we would return to more normal marketing patterns that’s what I think. But it’s still too early to call the crop. But I would expect a more normal marketing pattern in both – well corn in particular because last year soybean marketing was actually quite aggressive. So I think more return to normal patterns this coming season if the crop holds.
Soren Schroder: Well, we have a number of programs in place, roughly $325 million worth of EBIT improvement programs in both Agribusiness and foods that we feel we can predict reasonably well over that period of time. So a nice size chunk of improvement in earnings comes from things we believe we can control internally. And the rest of it is judging what we believe our growth in global markets and pull on capacity which we already have. So for example, soy crushing capacity over the period – next couple of years should continue to tighten up and margin structures should over time improve. And so you can post that over our network, the same thing goes with grain handling and export. So we are – it’s a combination of internal improvements and trends we see in business when post over our existing network and with a view towards improving margins that allows us to be confident that we can reach those numbers.
Soren Schroder: I think it just speaks to us trying to accelerate rather than having found more. Our estimates, $200 million in Agribusiness, $125 million in foods until 2017 is still what we have as the guidepost, but given the environment in some of our markets, we want to pull as much of that fast, fast-forward that as much as we can pull, if you know what I mean. So it’s really about intensifying the effort to get there quicker rather than a larger number.
Soren Schroder: I think that you said the way to think about it is the 2017 target was based on normalized market conditions in both ag and food. So you would assume we are back to normal markets. And there were two major drivers for us to get there. One is the cost reduction program. The other is driving growth in our business. Other than the economic difficulties, we still feel we are on track with both of those trends that we are getting the growth in the underlying business where other than the market impact. When we set those targets, we already knew corn milling would be a little weaker or would have to reposition itself a little bit, so that’s not new to us. So yes, it’s a combination of growth in cost savings and based on markets behaving in a normal way.
Drew Burke: Yes, just to give us the mark-to-market we have referred to earlier is in our grain business. And if you look at where we did see big wheat crops coming in and feel very much fundamentally that we would want to be selling ahead of buying and be out in front of it. But as we got to the end of the quarter if you look at how we traded and got extremely volatile and spiked up and that’s what caused us to take a loss. The market settled back down in the first week of July and all of that loss was recovered, so that we have all of that loss back at the moment.
Drew Burke: We ended the quarter relatively balanced on soy crush. We have a global soy crush business. So, in certain markets, we ended up with the negative mark-to-markets and other are positive. There is some difference there, but it is not significant as we move through the rest of the year.
Drew Burke: What we are really saying if you go back and look at the numbers we referred to is we expect the second half to come in somewhere between $100 million and $160 million or so in terms of EBIT in the Food & Ingredients business, that’s obviously a pretty wide range, but it does reflect the pace of recovery in margins in the various markets. We can pretty well know how we can bring in our cost savings and the things we can do, so we can layer that in pretty accurately. And the bottom end of that range would be the markets don’t really recover and the upper end would be they come back pretty quickly.
