Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking our team for their continued dedication and strong execution as we navigate volatile commodity markets that have been further disrupted by the war in Ukraine. The team has done a great job remaining focused on our highest priority, the safety of our employees. We are actively supporting our colleagues and their families to provide what resources we can to help them through this terrible crisis. Last year at this time, we were talking about a different shock to the markets, the impact of COVID. And here we are a year later, and the lingering effects of COVID are still with us. And now we face the interrelated headwinds of continuing supply chain issues, challenging weather patterns that have reduced the production of palm, canola and soy and government policy reactions, while now further complicated by the Ward in Ukraine. These market disruptions are rerouting many traditional trade flows and contributing to crop price inflation. Our team continues to manage through these challenges with great agility and a shared sense of purpose, to connect farmers to consumers, delivering essential commodities and food to communities around the world in a safe and sustainable way. Our ability to improve our day-to-day execution while also delivering on significant growth projects is a credit to the hard work of the team to transform Bunge into a more global integrated company. Working together with a collaborative approach has improved our ability to use our extensive global platform and collective expertise to help customers on both ends of the supply chain, effectively respond to the additional market pressures that have increased their operating risk. Turning to first quarter numbers. We continue to build on our positive momentum, delivering year-over-year earnings growth for the tenth consecutive quarter, with all segments of the business contributing to the strong performance. While we incurred losses in our Black Sea operations, our team effectively responded to the situation when industry margins spiked globally due to the combination of continued strong demand and an even tighter supply outlook. In Refined & Specialty Oils, strong results were largely driven by North America refining. Our team used the optionality of our complete portfolio of oils, our global network and our technical expertise to help customers solve their supply challenges. Results in milling were also higher, with our team having effectively managed the supply chain and input cost volatility. Furthering our strategy, this quarter, we made an important step in our effort to identify opportunities to reduce carbon in our value chains through our recently announced commercial partnership with CoverCress. Expanding the support for this new winter oilseed crop is an ideal way to produce a lower carbon intensity feedstock that can help meet the growing demand for renewable fuels. We believe rotational cover crops can play a key role in our joint venture with Chevron to supply inputs to the renewable fuels industry. Along those same lines, we continue to make progress in simultaneously advancing our commercial and sustainability approach in South America. We've expanded our soy origination network through minority investments in resellers that purchase from smaller farms. This business strategy has also allowed Bunge to accelerate traceability efforts to support our progress toward our commitment to be deforestation-free in 2025. Before handing the call over to John, I want to spend a moment on our outlook for 2022. Back in January, we said we expected to deliver adjusted EPS of at least $9.50 for the full year. Based on what we can see today, we're now expecting to deliver adjusted EPS of at least $11.50 for the full year 2022. As usual, this outlook is based upon our current visibility and the forward curves for the balance of the year. I'll hand the call over to John now to walk through our financial results in detail. And then we'll close with some additional thoughts
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. So before turning to Q&A, I just want to offer a few thoughts. I know I've said this many times, but I want to reiterate again how incredibly proud I am of our team. We often say that markets are dynamic, but the past three years have been unlike anything I've experienced in my career. Our team has shown great resiliency, discipline and a strong commitment to helping solve problems for our customers at both ends of the supply chain. As we look ahead, we know that markets will continue to be volatile as questions around the war in Ukraine, the eventual crop production levels, supply chain challenges, government policy reactions and COVID all have yet to be answered. Regardless, I'm confident that our Bunge team is prepared to execute in the face of these and the other challenges that lie ahead. So now let's open the line for questions.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Thanks, Adam. Yes. Let's remember, First of all, the $7 baseline was creating an earnings framework. And as we spoke about last time, the environment currently globally, we believe we're going to be well in excess of that for the next couple of years. And I think what we've seen with the tightening supply situation around the world, continued strong demand. And now what's developing in Ukraine and the Black Sea with that being an important supply area, that's really an elongation of that trend. We continue to have well above what was in that earnings framework in crush margins for our soy operation, for our soft operation. We have seen, of course, refining and premiums -- refining premiums improve in -- first in North America on the back of renewable diesel demand, but we also have not seen a drop-off. Here post COVID, we're seeing food demand at five-year levels as well. So, we saw that improve in North America, and that gave us the confidence, as we talked about the -- we expect that to continue for at least a couple of years here. And now with higher energy prices, which is also supportive for biofuels globally, and with what has happened in -- with the war in Ukraine, we're seeing now refining premiums improve in Europe and really globally. So, we're really seeing good participation everywhere. And then of course, the merchandising segment where we talked about it's the hardest to predict, but really seeing benefit across the full chain as we are helping manage this volatility and helping solve problems. I might let John put a finer point on some of the things that aren't in the model around capital.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think you're correct, right? That over time, as the technology and the seed has gotten better, as farming practices have gotten better and practice around nutrients have all gotten better, it seems like it doesn't mute the yields. There's not the same volatility of yields we saw in the past. And that's a good thing, right? But the first one is watching the weather. And while there's concern, we're not concerned yet. But everyone is watching the weather patterns closely because we've got to get it in the ground and then make sure that how the mix of what gets planted between corn and soy is kind of as predicted or if that changes. And the weather can switch that a little, but not a lot. So we'll watch the planted acres, the dates that it gets in the ground and the crop mix. And then based on when it gets in the ground, then you start looking at the pollination and the weather cycles for that time of year. In watching the pollination, both crops in kind of those key developmental stages that affect yield. And then from there, we'll start watching harvest, right? And again, depending on when it got planted, when it matured, then where the harvesting is and what we believe the weather cycles are and what that does to the percent of harvested acres as well as the quality of the crop that we're bringing in. So, those are kind of the drama that we live every year in each region around the world. And I don't think it will be a lot different this year.
Greg Heckman: Yes. The first I'd say is kind of how I'd say what the market can -- the two biggest factors the market continues to watch and the drivers out there, right, are going to be palm, which has been disappointing on production for the last couple of years. And I think the market believes that now we'll start to see a little bit of a rebound on palm production. I think the market is reflecting that. If that doesn't happen, that would probably be friendly. And right now, there's a number of different scenarios, I think, that people are looking at for when you see the Black Sea come back online or not on the sun oil and at what percent of that sun oil production, which is really important to the global S&D on oils. And I think that's the other big flag to watch closely. And the market is reflecting what people believe today, and that's changing daily. I think as far as competitiveness, I think if you listen to the energy companies and as we continue to watch them put their money where their mouth is with capital and this being a key part of the green transition, of the decarbonization is that we can do this at scale to help part of that transition to a lower carbon future. We don't see any change in the commitment of that. So I believe that we'll continue to be an important part of that transition, vegetable oil and -- as a renewable feedstock as well as developing cover crops and some of the other technology and some of the other changes that will come. And that's why we've got a great partner like Chevron, and we're working end to end try to innovate with them and really understand what changes we'll make in the areas where we're expert in the ag part. What areas -- changes they'll make in the areas where they're expert on the energy part as it continues to move forward. And I'd say the other is, as we said, higher energy cost. I mean they don't only kind of work through everything, including food in that. But higher energy prices look like they are here for the foreseeable future for the next few years. And that also is supported, of course, to what price the renewable feedstock of the venture oils can be. So we're pretty constructive on the setup right now for the next few years. And that's some of the confidence that we've got and feel good about where we've got the Company positioned.
Greg Heckman: Yes. We're really excited about the partnership with CoverCress and with Chevron and how that pulls together. As we get closer to our plans in the future, we'll begin to roll those out. But yes, I mean, you've hit on the right things. This is a great extra source of revenue for producers when we're able to activate it. And this goes as planned will be a very low CI score and a great -- another great source of feedstock. So, it's one of the things we're excited, why we're invested. It's more work to be done, but it's just one of the exciting things I think is going on in the space. And I think we're going to see a lot of change going forward. And I really like where we're positioned as Bunge to participate in these things and be able to maneuver and react to the changes.
Greg Heckman: Yes. As usual, the first 90 days is where the majority of the liquidity is. And then it begins to get less liquid in the second and third quarter as we look out. So, we continue to be prudent about locking in those margins where we believe they need to be and where we believe that they've got some space to run. Those would be the parts that we'll wait to hedge. So, I think overall, if you look at continued strong oil demand and continued strong mill demand, and what we see going forward, even where the curves aren't reflecting it, and some of that as we talked about because uncertainty about when those seeds or beans are going to come to market -- we believe that the market is going to do its work, and it's going to call for that crush to operate. And it's going to have to do that with higher margins. And we're not sure how much or when. So we're looking at the curves and say we're not smarter than the market. But as we get there, we believe this team will capture every dollar that's possible. And as we give visibility into that, we'll still share it.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I may just put one finer point on that. I'd just say, overall, one of the things that we are excited about is we've got the best pipeline of organic projects and the best pipeline of acquisitive targets that we've had put together since we're here at the Company. So, we know what we want to do. We're going to be disciplined about it and be very careful how we execute, but excited to be in this position.
Greg Heckman: No. You've got it right. We're putting -- we're definitely reflecting what we've seen from performance here in Q1, what we could see in Q2 and then the curves for the back half. Things like if you look at our refining specialty oils business, where we talked earlier, we thought that'd be about 600 for the year and plus or minus 150 a quarter. And that came in around 180 here in the first quarter. And then when we look out forward, we've got the highest bookings on for the balance of the year. So that gives us some visibility and confidence into that. And what's interesting, as I said earlier, the food volumes aren't down, although the fuel customers actually have a higher percentage booked for the balance of the year. The food customers have a higher percentage booked than normal, but they're lagging a little bit. So we expect that business to come and what we can see. So, some of that visibility gives us confidence there. And then what we're seeing around the tightness on the S&Ds and kind of the momentum not only in the crushing side of the business, but in the distribution side. I'd say one thing, as we manage through the conflict and the challenges and we had to redraw the supply lines as we run this business as a global company, the one thing that we haven't lost is our great regional footprints, the amount of capillarity and granularity we have with our origination systems, with our distribution systems, with our knowledge of the S&Ds and our ability to execute. And I think that's a great testament too, even with the losses in the Black Sea area here in Q1 and all the changes that we had to make the performance of Q1 of the Bunge machine and the outlook that we've given.
Greg Heckman: Yes, yes. It's out into the future before any meaningful contribution. But yes, we'd be involved of commercializing it. There would need to be some investment in the plants, but it's incremental.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Not sure how much weight to put on real itself. But definitely, the curve reflects the margins aren't as good in the second half with the curves there in Brazil. And that is -- it's a direct concern about the farmer and their rate of selling, the rate of marketing the balance of the crop. And as we said, it's kind of the FX volatility, it's the concern about the election and the beliefs of what -- whether that will be better for them, and of course, a little bit smaller crop. And then they're watching the U.S. crop, right? They always want to see how the U.S. crop develops. We'll probably try to -- it will be too cold, and we'll try to drown it. And then it will be too dry all before we ever get it planted. So that could lead to some market volatility. And I think they've been pretty smart marketers about being patient this time of the year. And it looks like they've got a lot of reasons to do that, including the FX volatility.
Greg Heckman: Yes. On the curve, yes, you're correct. We're speaking to the curves in South America and Asia. If you look at that, it says, we're probably going to have to see some improvement if demand stays where it is for oil and mill, which we believe it will. And that's where we think the market will have to do its work and call for that volume. And it's just not clear exactly when and where, but that you're correct on those comments. And then I'll let John take the second one.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Yes. It's a horrible situation. Our thoughts and prayers continue to go with all the people in the region. And we hope to get a quick resolution. Of course, we have no insight into the outcome. I'll say as far as outcomes, I think even if something -- whatever time line you want to pick, that there could be a resolution, in whatever scenario you have in your resolution, there will be a long tail on this because there is infrastructure that has been damaged. There are seaborne logistics that have to be untangled. There are waters that need to be demined. And all of that has a long tail on it and will be, in our view, a long period of time before you get back to exactly where that was from a production and not only production, but being able to move that production into the markets of demand that need it. So based on that, we are thoughtful about that on the money we're putting to work and how quickly we're putting it to work in our system, right? We're always looking at doing scenario analysis and building contingency plans. And so, no doubt, our strong global platform, and especially South America has got to play -- continue to play a bigger role in helping meet the need to help manage food security globally. And love the connection our South American network to our global network, and we'll continue to make those investments to drive things forward.
John Neppl: Yes. Thanks, Greg. Adam, as we've mentioned before, the $7 baseline didn't include any growth CapEx. And so obviously, we've got a pretty robust pipeline of opportunities today in the range of $2 billion of projects that are in the pipeline. Maybe not all those will get done. We'll see. We may identify other opportunities as well. But we're very confident that with prudent capital allocation over the next couple of years, if and when the environment wanes a bit, we will have improved the baseline of this company by investing capital in good projects. So, we certainly feel like at some point here, we'll need to address the $7 baseline and give a better update on what we think what it should be.
John Neppl: Yes. I think we'd be pretty comfortable to say that we've got north of $2 billion of capacity today. And certainly, for the right opportunity, we'd be willing to stretch that in the near term, in the short term. We do feel like we're in a very strong position today with all of our metrics. And our leverage ratio is low, as low as it's been in a very, very long time. And I think we -- probably as importantly, I think we've got the people and the processes in place to manage some pretty significant opportunities.
John Neppl: Yes. Vincent, this is John. I can take that. Look, we -- in terms of working capital levels, it's obviously going to be driven primarily by price level. And I would say, typically, for us seasonally, Q1 and Q2 are usually the peak depending on which quarter. But quite often, Q2 ends up being our highest quarter. That's driven by volume, but price surely will have an impact on that. And so we'll watch pricing. I think working capital levels today are high historically at a high level. But what we've always found is that in times of high volatility, high prices and high volume, it's when we have the opportunity to make the most money. And so, we've certainly positioned ourselves from a balance sheet perspective to be able to manage through this current environment. So, we feel very good about that no matter what happens over the next several quarters. From a cash flow perspective, we generated nearly $3 billion of EBITDA last year. And just depending on the forecast this year, obviously, 1150 is a little below that, but still expect to generate a good strong amount of cash. And as we look forward on capital allocation, and we talked about a $2 billion pipeline, but we've also got -- we're going to be generating cash as we go as well. So we definitely feel like driving this dry powder number today is driven by what we're comfortable with in terms of our leverage ratio. We're low -- we're just between low end of between 1 and 1.5 on a leverage ratio perspective. And really to maintain a comfort of our rating, we'll go to the high as 2.5. And plus on top of that, the cash flow that we're generating. So we feel pretty good about where we are from a cash flow. We've been lucky to be able to invest that in working capital and not have to increase debt by a material amount. But certainly, as working capital goes down over time, and it will things are cyclical, prices will come down at some point and working capital will go down, you'll see a lot more cash generated back onto the balance sheet.
John Neppl: I would just add to that, Greg. From a crush perspective, in the first half year, we've seen probably better-than-expected crush margins in North America versus our prior forecast. And then they've come down a bit in Asia and South America, especially out in the curve. But that's where the most opportunity will lie as we go forward here. And so when we say at least 11 50, I think our upside if there is some there will be in the forward curves as we progress through the year and also in our merchandising business, where we have a pretty modest forecast in for the year because that one is always a little bit difficult to predict. But certainly, when the opportunity is there, the team does a great job with it.
John Neppl: Yes. I would just add that we've got planned projects in place today that are -- that have been approved and underway to be able to accommodate processing CoverCress at our selected facilities, especially those related to the Chevron JV. So it does take time for farmer adoption, obviously. And we've been very active in working with CoverCress on that, and feel very comfortable with where we're headed, and very optimistic that this is long term is going to be a great addition to the portfolio.
John Neppl: Yes. No. Well, I think we're -- we've looked at what we expect for working capital levels for the year. And taking out that cost, it will be driven by working capital being higher. And so that's a little bit why we called it up.
John Neppl: I would add to that, Greg, maybe. We spent -- our team in South America have spent a lot of time and effort over the last few years building out -- continuing to build out origination footprint in South America, and in particular in Brazil. So, we're going to get our fair share. When the farmers are ready to sell, we'll be there. And even when they're not ready to sell, we'll be there trying to get them to sell. So, we feel very good about our position down there and that we're going to get equal to or more than our fair share down there.
John Neppl: Yes. Rob, with respect to hurdle rate, really, we look at -- on large strategic projects, we'll look at something. It's got to be 10% return. And then above that, as they get maybe into, I'll say, areas of the world where it's a little more difficult to do business or they're a little bit further outside the core business itself, we'll raise that hurdle rate higher depending. But I think if you use 10% maybe plus a bit, a small amount, it's probably a good rule of thumb. I think the one thing though I would caution is a lot of these projects are two- to three-year builds. And so, as we look at projects, there's not going to be return as we -- the first couple of years as we are building these facilities, for example. And so, you're really looking at 2025 before we see meaningful contribution from some of these projects.
John Neppl: We've done some. We've invested in a few opportunities. We talked about Merit earlier. I think sometime last year when we announced that. And we've got a few other investments in JV positions and some existing facilities. But the real big capital projects we have on the slate are still in development. But we talked about somewhere between $500 million and $1 billion over the next few years, if all those get approved. Now, I'm not suggesting all of them are going to get approved. They all have to stand on their own as we take them through the process, but it could be a substantial amount of investment if the opportunities continue to look good.
John Neppl: Yes, both. So, we think it's -- yes to both. It increases the duration, how long, and we believe it increases the magnitude.
