Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning everyone. So turning to the agenda on Slide 3. I will start with some highlights of the second quarter before handing it over to John, who will go into more detail on our performance. I will then share some closing thoughts on how we are thinking about the remainder of the year before opening the line for your questions. Let’s start with an overview of the quarter, turning to Slide 4. I want to start by thanking the team for great execution in a highly volatile quarter. We are very pleased with how we have managed our operations as well as our earnings at risk with the appropriate level of discipline. We also helped our customers navigate and manage through the volatility of this quarter that came from weather issues, domestic and international supply chain challenges and other complexities in the current environment. Turning now to our segment performance. Results in Agribusiness were down versus a very strong quarter last year, but exceeded our expectations as the team effectively managed trade flows and capacity utilization. We set quarterly and year-to-date records in soy crush volume, capacity utilization and lower unplanned downtime. Additionally, we reduced power consumption to an all-time low in our European rapeseed crush operations. While we faced complexities in the quarter related to freight, transportation and other areas that affected many other companies and industries, our results clearly demonstrate that with our commercial and industrial teams working closely together, we have built resilient supply chains that allow us to be successful through a range of macro environments. Results in refined and specialty oils improved in most regions, with particular strength in North America. In the U.S., we saw food service demand come back stronger and faster than anticipated, and we are experiencing a greater impact from renewable diesel demand than we expected. In response to the higher demand for refined and specialty oils, we have been working to find greater efficiencies to increase supply. We have also worked with our food customers to help them manage their risk as well as reformulate products where it makes sense. The multiple drivers behind the strength in edible oils gives us confidence there are significant growth opportunities ahead of us. I also want to highlight that this was a strong quarter for our non-core sugar JV. As we have noted in the past, we continue to assess our strategic options regarding this business, but we are very pleased with the improvement over the last year. Taking into account our year-to-date results and based on what we can see now in the forward curves, we are increasing our outlook for the year and expect to deliver adjusted EPS of at least $8. 50 for the full-year 2021. Despite the global volatility, we have confidence in our ability to deliver in the back half of the year. Based on the business already committed, the crush outlook and the demand for refined and specialty oils. As we look ahead, we are confident that the performance of our operating model and market trends provide support for a higher mid-cycle earnings. So in our June 2020 business update, we outlined our earnings baseline of $5 per share. With the changes we have made in our business as well as the fundamental shifts in the marketplace, we are taking that baseline EPS up to $7, and that is a $2 increase. And consistent with last time, this reflects our existing portfolio only and does not include any future growth investments. I will now hand the call over to John to walk through the financial results, the 2021 outlook and additional detail on the updated earnings baseline. I will then close with additional thoughts on some of the trends we are seeing.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. Before opening the call to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. From where we sit, it is clear there is a structural shift underway in the consumer demand for sustainable food, feed and fuel. The conversations we have been having with existing and new customers are significantly different than they were even just six months ago. We are pleased with our position to help support meaningful change and with our global platform, we have the ability to do so at scale. Consumers have demonstrated they will pay more to get what they care about, and it is our job to provide these alternatives to our customers. To meet this demand, we work with customers on sourcing sustainable alternatives or helping them reformulate. We help food and feed customers source ingredients to minimize the carbon impact of moving them, and we work with fuel customers to source and transport feedstock for renewable fuels. Importantly, we do all of this with the goal of driving value back to farmers to allow them to invest in stewardship, to support regenerative agriculture and to encourage production in optimal locations, which means getting the highest production per acre using the least amount of inputs. We are really excited about the role we can play in this accelerating shift. I want to end by thanking the team again for their continued incredible execution. And with that, I will open the call to your questions.
Gregory Heckman: Yes, I will start and let John come in. But yes, it is a holistic look at history as well as what is currently happening with the key supply and demand factors. And sure, we are seeing - coming forward in the next couple of years, the market is doing its work, right. We are drawing more supply out. But the thing that is different this time is it wasn’t one big crop shortage that caused these higher prices. It has been demand and a structural demand shift in a number of areas. So yes, we rolled all that into the thinking.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. How we think about technology, look, is the largest global oilseed crusher. We are, of course, working with people on seed technology. We are working on cover crops. We are working at continually becoming more efficient in our own operations. So as we are seeing the demand not only on the traditional food business and the feed customers, but now on the renewable diesel and the growth in the plant proteins, it is going to draw more innovation into the space. And as the largest operator here, it is our job to be in step with that and find ways to take advantage of that. So we are excited about it.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. No, I would say we see that differently. I think part of the confidence of raising the baseline to seven years is - or to $7 and doing it this year is what we see in the momentum for the balance of this year and the structural shift in demand carrying into 2022 and 2023. We were very comfortable putting that baseline out there, because we feel we can exceed it here with what we are seeing right now for the next couple of years.
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Yes, you see that correctly. And in fact, as always, we are looking at what we have delivered and then we are looking at the curves for the balance of year. The curves are definitely weaker than the last time we talked and so we have reflected that in the outlook. Now that being said, if you look historically, we will be really surprised if they stay there, but that is what we see right now. Probably if we kind of talk around the world on the crush margin side, of course, North America is the strongest with China probably being the weakest. Europe has definitely felt some pressure as Argentina has ran harder this year and that meal got pushed out into Europe, but we are seeing Argentina now traditionally starts to slow down after harvest as well as the producer as we move towards an election and maybe perceived higher risk devaluation now starting to slow the marketing. So we will see Argentine crush start to slow down. As far as the farmer selling, of course, in Brazil, on the corn side, the producer has not been as quite as sold as prior, because you had a tough weather situation there in a smaller safrina crop, Black Sea a little bit behind in corn, but in the U.S., just slightly ahead of history. And so the next kind of wave in corn selling will be, I think, as people see how the U.S. crop as the weather continues to play out and get a look at kind of what people feel comfortable about the yields, and we will see the next marketing. The U.S. farmers pretty sold up on the 2021 crop a little bit ahead of last year, and I think that is really the story again of getting through the weather, which has got to play through August here, get comfortable with the yields and then we will probably see another wave of marketing. And then in Brazil, of course, we are behind prior year, which last year was pretty special, the way things formed up and with what happened with the FX and the heavy marketing. So we didn’t really expect that to repeat. But overall, curve is pretty weak, but historically, we will be really surprised if they stay there. And in fact, we are starting to see a little glimmer of improvement in China even this week.
Gregory Heckman: Correct. So you can kind of think of that baseline as being sort of a [2020, 2023-ish] (Ph) number. But clearly, overtime, either we are going to invest in growth projects or we are going to buy back stock, one or the other. We are not going to continue to accumulate cash forever. And both of those would be upside from the $7.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Let me start on the projects, and then I will let John take it from there. But no, I think what is exciting now is we have turned to the growth phases, the teams are really working across all the growth platforms and they will be competing for that capital as we put it to work. And then as you said, and I will let John talk to that, it always competes versus buybacks, right. That is always a baseline as well. But look, we are excited - what we are doing on our oilseeds platform as well as the origination distribution businesses. So we are doing all the debottlenecking. We are looking at some Brownfield opportunities and then, of course, even looking at some Greenfield opportunities, because there is going to be more capacity needed to meet this demand growth. We will continue to support our strong areas, but we are also looking to fill in some areas and whether that is with bolt-ons or if we can do something meaningful on the acquisition side. I mean we feel we are as good as anyone to do that. We have shown that we can execute, and we are building the cash and looking for those strategic opportunities. Our specialty oils business, you saw a better performance there across that business and really gaining momentum. So we will continue to look at not only the organic growth, but where we have bolt-on acquisitions or tuck-in acquisitions in that business. We really like that. And with all the reformulation and innovation that is going to be going on with customers is what is happening in the oil complex. We are really glad to have that in the portfolio. And then, of course, what is happening in plant proteins, that trend is firmly in place. That is a business that will be a slower build for us. We are working with the customers and really working backwards in how we build that business. And so we will be thoughtful. And again, it is about the returns, we are not going to run out and overpay for anything to do that. We are going to maintain our discipline around capital allocation. And lastly, on the renewable feedstocks, it supports really all of the business, but it is not only the products to serve that new demand, which is in the oil, which is really important. As you know, historically, a lot of times the oil has been the drag for crush which just makes that no longer the case. But it is not only the products, but it is the services that will be wrapped around that and as we work with people because the conversations are, everybody wants a lower carbon impact, and that is whether that is in feed, food or fuel. And so as we work with the producers to help them deliver that lower carbon product and work it all the way through the value chain into our customers, whether it is on the B2B side or the B2C side. So teams are working very hard, the portfolio rationalization is over and we have turned to growth and we are doing the hard work now but lots of great opportunities, and we are excited about it.
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Look, let’s start by -- the demand has been very solid there. If you look at the USDA is forecasting corn imports to be three times last year, so that is a different story than we have seen historically. And so yes, there will be some ups and downs, but the trend has been more and been up, and we think that that is going to repeat and be sustainable. The higher corn prices did cause some wheat feeding. One thing about as they have rebuilt that commercial industry, right, they are running lease cost formulation now and when there was some wheat release from the reserve with the high corn prices, they reformulated and wheat being four points higher on protein, that did hurt meal demand. So we felt that. We think we are kind of getting to the tail end of that. And then as you said, hog margins have softened, but that seems to have stabilized. And then crush margins were under pressure. This was kind of all happening at the same time. But again, that seems to have stabilized. And historically, if you look at that in that industry, the marginal producers will pull back and those crush margins will recover. So we feel good about the long-term there, but there will always be some ups and downs in the demand look.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. You are exactly correct. We are starting to see the benefits of that already, and we really haven’t seen the volume really start to pick up yet. That will happen here in the second half. And then to your point, it will take a couple of years for some of that to get built. But we wanted to separate the near-term environment from what we had put in the long-term baseline.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. The one thing about having a global system and over 30 of our own ports, when there is tightness and there is dislocation, it allows us to be able to help solve problems for customers and to manage our own processing businesses to serve customers with products. So from that standpoint, it becomes somewhat of an opportunity. Is it difficult? Is it challenging? Does it create a lot of complexity? Absolutely. Some of the other things, a little more problematic, no doubt, but they are not unique to us in our industry are unique to this industry alone. But if you look in North America, the shortage of truck drivers and the tightness in truck freight, and that is really challenging on the logistical side, and we are all working through that. And then, of course, the tightness in containers globally has made some supply chain management very difficult. But you switch modes of transportation where you can and work through stocks, try to manage stocks with customers to manage where you have got logistical risk, but that is part of having a great global platform and having a great team.
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Look, a lot of it are the things within our controls. We are not assuming any big macros in that. That is, if you think, right, what we have lived through the last two years, put aside the fact of trade war, ASF and COVID, what we lived through is we changed this portfolio. We are running a different set of assets. And we have gone through all the work at the same time of unwiring those from the machine as we did the divestitures. I mean, sure, these are distracting, tough projects and super proud of the team and what they have been able to do. We changed the operating model on a global company, and that took rewiring, right, rewiring the systems and the processes, and we are still in the final throes of that and getting better information more quickly to all of our industrial and commercial teams. And then the disciplined approach that we are taking on risk management and that really focusing on the assets and how we are running the assets and how we are managing the earnings at risk in those assets in the tens of thousands of customers that we have got. And then as we have talked about the discipline around our industrial and making improvements in how we run those assets and how the industrial and commercial teams work together and looking at the best of Bunge globally to learn from ourselves as we think like a global company and make that systemic improvement that we get to keep. And then we have done this in some really tough environments and with a lot of people remotely, and that is given us a lot of confidence, even since a year ago, when we were putting this baseline out amidst this change. So this is the underlying - the company here, the great global platform, the great team and the way that we are operating and getting some miles with it. Now the environment has improved. So when you say a $7 baseline, remember, that is a framework. So when you see the crush margins higher than what is in the baseline, that is showing how the over improvement is there, and that is happening in soy and soft crush. And when you see the edible oil volumes and now margins on the refining overages higher than what is in the model, and that is what we were speaking to. That is over performing the baseline. And that is what we talked about. We are comfortable with what we are seeing here for the next couple of years, and that is why it was time to raise the baseline and also why we were comfortable raising the outlook for this year.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. You are correct. And with what we see right now, we expect it to be above mid-cycle numbers. I think the next couple of years - yes, the next couple of years with the momentum and what we see here, and look, it takes time to build things, whether that is capacity or pretreatment or some of the things that have to happen, some of the oil that has to find its way into the U.S., that is complicated. So there is a big shift going on, and it is going to take some time for that to happen.
Gregory Heckman: That is correct. No, no, this is the beginning, if you will. So if we make an acquisition, we will come in and talk about what change that makes to the baseline. When we make a sizable capital investment, we will come in and talk about what change that makes to baseline. So those will be probably the next things you hear about the baseline are when we make investments and the difference that makes to the underlying earnings power of the machine.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you. Just want to thank everybody again for your interest in Bunge. To wrap up, we are really pleased with the continued outstanding performance. We are pleased to be able to revise our outlook. This global platform just continues to demonstrate its resiliency. And with our role in the global food supply chain, we are in a great position to benefit from what we see as an accelerating shift in demand for sustainable food, feed and fuel, and we look forward to talking to you again soon. Thanks again.
John Neppl: But I would say, Rob, this is John. We haven’t baked any sort of, I will say, new technology into our thinking and our numbers. So it is really based on what is here today, what we are operating today and in what we think is a reasonable outlook on margin environment. So anything that would bolster, improve the margin environment for us going forward would be additive to that.
John Neppl: Yes. I think it is important to note that the baseline and maybe it wasn’t clear enough in my remarks, but it doesn’t include the refining premiums that we are seeing today. It does include additional volume from refining as we go forward from the demand. But we did pull back the refining premiums to a more normalized level, assuming long-term that the energy consumers end up doing their own pretreatment. But for now, we are realizing much higher refining premiums than what we have built into the $7.
John Neppl: Yes, Adam, this is John. We haven’t assumed anything - so let’s take sugar, we kind of assumed status quo for sugar. So not any additional contribution in terms of from earnings or additional impact from a divestment of that business, we have kind of left it as is, which we think is pretty conservative. And on the growth front, we have not assumed any big growth capital investments in that number. So as we talked about on one of the slides, anything that we do from an investment standpoint in growth projects will be additive to the number.
John Neppl: Yes, Ben, in terms of returns, I think we have talked before about how we think about the allocation process. And we look holistically from the top of the house on where the best opportunities are and we obviously adjust return requirements based on geography, based on familiarity with that business, how it folds in closely with what we are doing or if it is an adjacency. But in any event, we are looking at things that are accretive to our targeted ROIC. And again, it is a pretty disciplined centralized approach. And we do expect frankly, as we are generating additional cash down the road to utilize that availability to continue to look at growth opportunities, I do expect for next year with the pipeline of CapEx that we have that we will probably see a ramp-up in capital spending next year over what we are expecting this year.
John Neppl: Yes. We are really looking at normalization overtime, but it is tough to predict how quickly that will happen. I think our view would be over the next year or two, it will remain elevated. You are right, and we are seeing premiums nearly double what they have been historically. And a lot of the demand that is coming on in the near-term won’t have pretreatment. So it is really going to be a question of how fast and over what period of time. So we wanted to be conservative in our $7 baseline that we didn’t assume extended time period of elevated margins in that area. But certainly, it is possible that, that will happen.
John Neppl: Sure. Yes. Ben, we are now in a past the time line in which we could go out and market our half of the ownership of the JV, so that was at 18-months and so we passed that about a month or so ago. So we have the ability to go out market our half. At the same time, we will have the ability to trigger IPO at the two year mark, which is December 1st. And certainly, we are talking to our partner, we are assessing our opportunities down the road here. We are keeping an eye on what is happening in the Brazil financial markets as well as what is happening with Raison and their recent IPO of a portion - it is a small IPO relative to the size of their business, but we are watching that to see how the market reacts overtime here and certainly keeping our options open.
John Neppl: Yes. The biggest driver is tax. And then we do have a small increase in share count just overtime through normal comp, equity comp structure, but that is pretty minimal. But those would be the two drivers.
John Neppl: Yes. Think of it another way, Ken, to hit $7 over time as we reinvest capital wisely in the company, it lowers that bar on the need - the margin we need to get to $7 will drop. So today, we are at, call it 35 and 50 overtime as we reinvest, those numbers would go down in terms of the margins we would need to hit $7. That is another way to look at it.
