Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I can do that, Ann. On the logistics front, I think similar to the year before this one in Brazil, the market, ourselves and other participants have had a year to prepare better. Last year was a surprise in terms of, particularly, railroad performance in the West. So I think we're in a more, let's say -- we know what to expect now, and we've had many discussions with the railroads. We're working very closely with them to make sure that we get turn times up, that we make the best of the available capacity that's out there. So I think we're walking into this with our eyes open, so is the market. And just like you saw in Brazil this year, doing the same down there sort of made the whole transition a much smoother one. So I think we're better placed. But that being said, there's no doubt there'll be a lot of pressure on transportation in the -- in North America, in the U.S. in particular, both on the rivers and with rail. And of course, all of that will be reflected in the price to the farmer. And we're able to price this in and manage risk accordingly. In terms of DDGS and the impact of the -- to say, the flowback of the export flow to China on the back of the GMO issue, it will have most likely a negative impact on soybean mill domestic consumption. We'll probably feel it mostly in the October, March period. But on the other side, the U.S. is the cheapest origin for soybean mill exports in the world. And so I think you can see it from some of the USDA projections or also privates. We do expect a record of October, March shipment program out of the U.S. Or whatever you might miss domestically in the U.S., we will make up for in increased exports. And our footprint in oilseeds and soybean crushing is one where we are nicely oriented towards exports, so we will benefit from that. So I think for Bunge, it's not going to be a big impact or at least not material, and we will have a nice offset on the export front.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, Brazil, certainly is a highlight. We have grown, in fact, market share in Brazil these past 6 months. And where we haven't grown as much has been in North America. We were hampered, like so many others, by the export constraints, logistics early in the year, the first quarter in particular. In Argentina, we have grown with the market. So I'll say that the real highlight has been in Brazil, and the -- sort of the less excitement has been in North America and Argentina. But I think as we get into the second half of the year now, we will have significant improvements in both North America. We are prepared and ready for a strong export program off the West Coast in the U.S., in the Gulf as well. And in the Black Sea, we are fully up and ready to run our port in Nikolayev, and also exports out of Russia at full speed. So the second half should show us an improvement in volumes that exceeds that of the first.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think you should expect to see a pickup in pace in the second half. One thing I should've mentioned earlier was that China, our crush volumes and shipments to China were clearly down in the first half. So that's a contributing factor. And some of the crush rates and export out of Canada were down as well because mostly of weather problems. So between China and Canada, those were the negatives. But we had nice offsets, as I mentioned, particularly Brazil where we gained market share. The second half of the year should be -- should show nice growth.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, as you mentioned, we bought back $108 million worth of shares in the second quarter, and we intend to buy another $100 million worth of shares in the third quarter. And this is all part of our capital allocation framework that we presented to you a couple of times, where we will continuously evaluate how best to use funds from operations, where to deploy it with the best return. So this is not something that we will announce once, and then do. We will look at this every month. And depending on our performance and our balance sheet, we will step it up or slow it down. The one thing we will not do is get ahead of ourselves. Most important thing for us is to make sure that our credit rating remains at BBB. And therefore, to make big statements about what we might do later in the year just doesn't serve any purpose. We will -- we're committed to making a balanced allocation of capital from our operations, and we will proceed with $100 million now in Q3, and then we will see where we go from there.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think in the fourth quarter, we will have both North America and all of Europe running at full speed. We will be running at full speed in the Black Sea, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Southern Europe with soy, and we'll be running full out in both Canada and the U.S. So that's really what skews the results towards the fourth quarter. The third quarter is more of a transition, where we will still have nice contribution from South America. Fourth quarter in South America really is a matter of farmer selling, particularly in Argentina. In Brazil, at that time, we'll be mostly servicing the domestic market and -- school is still out and what happens in Argentina in the fourth quarter, there will be retention most likely, as we saw last year. The question is how much? But the skew to the fourth quarter really is a Northern Hemisphere situation. And we will -- we might be up and running faster in September, but certainly October, November, December, we will be at full speed.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think we are clearly in an improving situation from what was admittedly a very negative crush environment in the first half of the year. We're now moving into a better situation. Underlying fundamental demand for proteins in China is strong. Livestock profitability is back in positive territory, and offtake approaching is very strong. Clearly, the reduction in DDGS imports, if that is -- if that continues, will be to the benefit of soybean meal. So that will be a positive element as well. So demand is -- underlying demand is strong. And what we are doing at the moment and will do probably for the next quarter or so, is to digest this excess of soybeans that has been imported into China. The second quarter was an all-time record shipment of soybeans into China, and we are now chewing through that inventory. And as we do that, margins will improve. So I think Q3 will be a transition. Q4 should be good. And in all likelihood, we will have a good first quarter as well in China.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, it's volatile from a weather perspective, and you're right, we've had reasonably dry weather last -- the last week or so, we actually had a little bit of rain. But we're only 35% through harvest, so we've got 65% to go. The weather outlook for August is mostly dry, but we need dry weather through September and October to be comfortable that we hit our rates. Could we exceed them? It's possible. But at this point, I think our forecast for the 20.4 million tons of crush for the year is about as good of a guess as we can make, given the variability that you do have from rains, on and off. So I don't think we would want to increase or decrease at the moment. We feel comfortable reaching that. And we also feel comfortable that the ATR, which is a very important variable and this is tracking according to plan. So at this stage, I think the breakeven forecast for the segment is a solid one.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the process is ongoing and we are making progress. We are exploring different alternatives. But timing, as you suggest, is difficult to predict. The state of the industry and the upcoming elections makes it very hard to give a date as to what to do. We will do the right thing for shareholders. We don't feel the pressure to do anything with the timeline. So let's see how it goes in 6 months. But the process is still ongoing and we're satisfied with the progress we've made.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, let me start with the last first. We are doing the same thing or similar thing or similar things in agribusiness. It's a different business obviously. So our focus in what areas to improve on are different. Logistics and operations, particularly crush operations globally, are the 2 things that we have in focus. But very much the similar approach to how we implement the program along the lines of what Gordon has talked about, taking the best of what we've got in Bunge or externally, and making sure that we get it implemented quickly in all parts of Bunge. That, we will go through in some more detail at our Investor Day in December. It's a much larger undertaking, which is why we couldn't do it now, but we will do it in December. So you'll see more specifically what it is we're talking about. But there are a lot of similarities in the programs and the improvement effort. They feed off each other, and we've made sure, and we are making sure that the teams that are working and the people who are leading these efforts are connected both across agribusiness and food. So we're benefiting from the knowledge and the experience on both sides. In terms of what made us realize that we had a potential to grow our food & ingredients business, well, I think it's been a collaborative discussion amongst the executive team here. What we did know -- what we knew for sure was that we have grown a sizable global business over the last 4 or 5 years in terms of volume presence and market share. And we were all somewhat frustrated about how it wasn't returning more. It had the potential to do more. So that's why we turned our focus on saying how can we get more out of this? We've got great market shares. We've got good positions. We've got an advantage linked to agribusiness that should be an advantage pretty much everywhere in the world. And as we systematically went through the areas in which we could improve, we discovered that there really was indeed a significant opportunity, and we are now executing on that. So it wasn't one thing. It was just the potential and actually a good team effort by everybody across the business.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I can just repeat what I just told earlier, which is that the process is ongoing and we are pleased with the progress we've made and how we reduced our exposure to the segment. We're exploring various alternatives so it's active. It's alive, but the timing is very difficult to predict. The state of the industry and the politics in Brazil, the upcoming elections really makes it hard for me to give you any hard date as to when we should expect something. But you can rest assured that we're working on it.
Soren W. Schroder: I think the point is just that the -- how you put a value on something like this is influenced by so many factors. And politics and the state of the industry are obviously big pieces of that. And so we don't feel that we are under pressure to do something that is not in the interest of shareholders. So we're making sure that we make a measured and timely decision on this. And that's why I don't want to get boxed into giving a date.
Soren W. Schroder: I think for the next 6 months, probably nothing major. There will be some dislocations, most likely involving quality in wheat, which is sort of the only crop issue at the moment that is becoming pretty clear that we've got a global wheat crop which does not have a very good quality. So there may be some trade flows that are influenced by that. There will be the dislocation opportunity, if you wish, coming out of -- probably in the fourth quarter, of whatever happens in Argentina with farmer selling. That's something that we're all monitoring very, very closely. They're seeing significant potential for a large carrier out in Argentina again this year with soybeans. So one way or the other, that will have impacts on margins in the other part of the world. So I would say it's probably a matter of -- it's a combination of soybean retention in South America, Argentina, in particular, and wheat quality. Those are the 2 things that stand out. And then beyond that, we still have to grow next year's crop in South America. So we're assuming that we will have a long period of abundance, but that could change by the end of the year if things don't go well. So we will -- the next thing we'll be looking at is planting progress and crop development in South America as we get into the fall here. And who knows how that turns out? You know how quickly things can flip.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the basis levels, in general, on an FOB level, whether it's in the U.S. or in South America, are probably at an all-time record high. So it probably wouldn't be in buying it. But in the interior, depending on transportation cost, there could be opportunities as we get into the fall harvest year. So -- but it's a little bit too early to comment on that.
Soren W. Schroder: Transportation allowing, meaning that we can get the goods to the port, we have enough -- there's enough demand and certainly enough grain supply to run the port at 90%-plus. So whether we do that or not really is a matter of execution and transportation. And as we talked about earlier, that is an area of risk for the industry, frankly, in the Western Corn Belt, is how efficiently the railroads can turn trains. We think we are in a better spot than last year. We are better prepared to dialogue for the railroads who are constructed and good. They know what's at stake. So I would expect that we will have a very high level of utilization on the West Coast this year. And frankly, the market needs it.
Soren W. Schroder: No, no, it was higher than that, but it was certainly not at 90%. But it wasn't because demand wasn't there. It was because we had the bottlenecks and logistics couldn't get the grain to the port in time. So no, it wasn't that low. My guess, it was probably between 70% and 80%, but I don't have that number. I'll have to get back to you on that.
Soren W. Schroder: I think the type of bolt-ons we are talking about and the place in the value chain is very close to, let's say, our existing lines of business. So you're talking about basic milling, basic oils and fats, not the extreme end of the value chain, so to speak. And in that space, multiples have stayed, from what I can tell, reasonable. Our returns expectation should be somewhere around 1.5x our WACC on those types of investments and that should equate to somewhere between 8.5x, 9x EBITDA. And if we can't get them and depending, of course, on synergies because each deal has a unique set of synergies with them, then we'll be disciplined. We don't feel we have to do this at any price. But we do believe that we have, across the areas in which Bunge is active in agribusiness, in food & ingredients, opportunities to strike some of those deals at fair valuations.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I think the starting point is probably that last year's agribusiness results for us in Q3 and Q4 were very, very good. I don't know if they were record, but they were very good. Close to record. So we think we have an environment which is similar, and export capacity and elevation margins, certainly in the Northern Hemisphere for the period of October through March, should be very favorable. Crush margins, as we've talked about, should be very favorable. So I think the operating environment is not so different than the last -- similar period last year where our results were quite good. So we are optimistic that it'll be, maybe not a repeat, but something close to that.
Gordon J. Hardie: Ann, this is Gordon. We have external benchmarks both from the food industry and other industries in terms of plant performance. So if you take a measure like OEE, there would be global standards of best practice, both in the food industry and outside. And that's what we aim to -- we have some plants there already. And our goal is to get the whole fleet of plants up to that level.
Gordon J. Hardie: In terms of the improvement program, I think it's weighted to -- we would expect volumes to grow at about 2% to 3% per year. And then we would look to improve margins by mix shift and then cost out combinations. So I would say the majority of the $100 million would come from shifting the margin mix and efficiency gains in manufacturing and supply chain.
Gordon J. Hardie: Yes, I think we've gone through each of the channels, either B2C or B2B, and we've looked at where cost-to-serve might have exceeded the margin from that channel or that customer group. And we've systematically cut back in that. We've done a lot that work, for example, in Brazil. We've done a lot that work in North America. So really it is focusing the efforts on the business where we can achieve our target margins and not chase volume for volume's sake.
Gordon J. Hardie: Yes. That's the base, and then we've obviously made progress this year, and we would expect to make more progress again next year. So you could look at it over '14 and '15, and some will flow into '16.
Andrew J. Burke: Adam, it's -- I think the key issue here is we've really looked at how do we increase our returns in that business. So we have given -- as Gordon said, we've given up some volumes that came at pretty low returns and pretty large margin and focused on the higher margin opportunities. So you're getting an organic stronger growth in high-margin activities, but we're giving back volumes in low-margin activities. So you're not seeing a whole lot that prefears [ph] The revenue growth because we made a conscious decision to shift the portfolio, and at the same time you're getting the cost reductions rolling through.
Andrew J. Burke: We do not expect a big impact from the recent developments in Argentina. Argentina has always been a good market for us. It's a business we like. We're a major exporter and a major exporting industry for the country. So we expect that to continue to operate as normal as it affects our business. It may have some impact on domestic markets in Argentina, but our activity in the domestic markets is relatively small.
Andrew J. Burke: We do not have significant credit risk with farmers in Argentina. So it is not a major issue from our side.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. We have increased our cogen capacity from last year, so we would expect revenues somewhere in the $30 million range. And as we've said before, that's a high-margin business so the profits may be somewhere in the low-20s. So cogen has developed very nicely in the energy market and Brazil is very strong. So that's a business that has played out very well for us. And I'm sorry, I missed your question on the raw sugar.
Andrew J. Burke: I would think it's a couple of factors. The first is, the production in cost side is essential as we move through the year because crushing volume is a huge variable. And while our facilities are running, we have all the cane, we need the crushing season to be long enough, which implies we don't get too many days of rain. So we have budgeted in very normal weather conditions based on long-term forecasts. But weather doesn't always follow the long-term forecast. And then secondly, the sugar content in the cane is an important variable. So I would say those are the 2 major things. Then as you rightly say, pricing is an important variable. I would say the ethanol price is probably more likely to vary than the sugar price at this point. We can't hedge ethanol. We can hedge some of the sugar.
