Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. As we look ahead, we remain confident in our team's ability to capture opportunities as we work to find solutions allow us to even better serve the needs of customers at both ends of the value chain, farmers and in consumers. We're proud of the work we've done to strategically position our business with the increased efficiency of our global platform. Our combination with Viterra will help us further accelerate our diversification across customers, assets, geographies and crops, providing us with more optionality to help address the world's food security needs. This combination will also enhance our role as a bridge between growers and end consumers to adapt and prioritize new sustainability practices that produce low CI products while bringing value back to the farm. For example, we recently announced a $20 million investment in Brazil to more than double our regenerative ag program to 600,000 hectares. The investment would be used to pay premiums to farmers and will also finance the provision of free technical assistance, precision agricultural tools and measurement technologies that help producers adopt techniques to reduce emissions. In the Southern U.S., we also successfully established a commercial pilot of winter canola hybrids in partnership with Chevron and Corteva Agriscience. These crops have environmental and soil health benefits similar to cover crops and can be an additional source of revenue for growers, also helping meet sustainability requirements of our end customers. We're committed to significantly growing the program for the 2025 harvest season. I continue to be impressed by the innovation, collaboration and commitment of the Bunge team as we work together to deliver on our critical mission to provide essential food, feed and fuel to the world.   And with that, we'll turn to Q&A. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. No, we really don't see it differently. What we talked about last time, of course, when we talked about the approximately 9 for the year was really kind of seeing it 50-50 between first half and second half, which we continue to see. What we did see was a little stronger Q1 and some of that will come out of Q2. So Q2 will be a little bit softer, but we still see the halves is about 50-50 and still see the year the same at approximately 9. And then as far as current crush as you kind of walk around the world, if you look at soy, the setup right now, farmers of course, are responding to lower prices as we get more in balance on supply and demand. They responded to those lower prices by being pretty stubborn about selling. So you've got higher farmer retention. And that's kind of what happens as you transition from multi-years at higher prices.  So the market has gone to very spot, not only for the farmers on selling, but the buyers, right? The buyers of the finished products have now been paid to wait to buy in the spot as prices have moved lower. And the other transition that, of course, we're seeing is you've got a supply chain that really the stresses off of. So as people pull down inventories as they're not really holding those safety inventories anymore. So Brazil and Europe have recently improved as we came through Brazil harvest and saw a lot of origination and with the little pushes of origination, we have seen improve have been around FX change and the pace of harvest at the end there in Brazil. So that did help Brazil and Europe. Argentina, we are expecting those margins to pick up later in the year. They've been a little better here as we got started on harvest, but that will really be as the producer watches the government, what happens as far as the valuation in Argentina and then any other government programs, and as we see the farmer marketing is there, that will be the key on the margins. U.S. has been okay in the nearby. The curves definitely are weaker into Q2 and 3 and then kind of as usual, expecting new crop Q4 the curves get better. And then China, crush margins continue to be volatile, kind of similar story you heard last year. Spot has held up okay but very, very low price discovery forward. So the team has been doing a nice job of managing through that. And then while soy seeds are down versus last year, but they're still good in Europe and in North America, and that's really led by the strong oil leg and pretty good supply of seeds. So that's kind of how we see things sitting up right now. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. And I might start at a slightly higher level on the oil. If you look at palm, some of the benefit on the strength in the soft oil is coming. Palm from a supply has really been flat. And so that growth in palm supply has stopped while domestic demand has continued to grow. So the exportable volumes of palm have been going down globally. So that from a high level is some of the support for oil. And then to get more specific to your question around the S&D in North America, yes, it has not been quite as tight in North America as we've seen the low CI feedstocks and primarily UCO, be imported into the U.S. So One of the things that we did talk about in the past is we believe that there was enough supply for the food market as well as the fuel market and that the market would do its work by adding capacity and importing palm to go into food as we saw switching as well as seeing other low CI feedstocks and UCOB imported. So I think we've seen that and you've seen while we're continuing to process record amount of vegetable oils into the fuel market, we've seen it a little softer as the RD margins are not as good and the big influx of the UCO. So we've got 1.4 billion gallons coming online here in '24. So we're still on track to have 5 billion gallons in '25. We've got one new plant up and running. We're expecting another plant to come up in Q2 on RD and then another plant in Q4. So there is demand coming here later in the year. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. You're correct. There's definitely less visibility into this year than we've had for a couple of years. So not much at all kind of beyond 3 months. I think that will change as we see the farmer behavior as things kind of sort out and send the signals, whether that's the progress of the North American crop that then changes the marketing behaviors of the farmer here in North America as they think about that next crop coming off and rolling their stocks and from a marketing. As we see the safrinha crop come off in Brazil, and again, farmer making decisions about what they're storing, what they're moving, the logistical challenges in coordination in Brazil. And then in Argentina, it will be the producer who's been marketing the corn and holding the soybeans, which is pretty historical in Argentina. You've got new regime in place there in the government, so the way you see what government programs and if there's valuation. So it will be an interesting year. It definitely is a year of transition of the markets as they get more in balance on the supply and demand. And the other -- the end consumer, right, as well. You continue to see the consumer, what we hear from our customers to trade down to private label and store brands from the brands. And then we're finally seeing a little less traffic in foodservice, where they've been more of a switch to QSR and seeing that slow down a little bit and finally seeing a shift back to eating at home. So everyone's kind of finding their way here on the supply and demand side. But it feels like we're starting to get it sorted out and we'll see how these crops, finish getting harvested in the southern hemisphere and how we get the crop planted and how it progresses in the Northern Hemisphere. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I might start kind of at a higher level, we are pleased with the progress we're making. I mean if you look, we got to file in a little 40 jurisdictions and 28 of those have issued unconditional clearances at this point. Of the remaining 13, of course, we've got some of the big ones, U.S., Canada, Brazil, China and the EU. If you remember, Argentina is post-closing review. So while overall, we don't know exactly when we'll get the green light, but we sure haven't seen anything that indicates any material risk to the economics of the deal.  From a Canada specific, look, it's good that, that step of the regulatory process is completed and that the Competition Bureau Report as you look through it, the good news in there is they had no concerns with much of what we're doing on the grain purchasing side, the meal sales at ports, the majority of our refined and special oil product sales. So on where there were concerns and topics raised, we look forward to discussing those in greater detail, and we'll be happy to engage as we have been with all the regulators as they raise concerns. So when you boil it down, at the end of the day, this transaction is good for Canada, right? Will be more efficient and resilient throughout all of our supply chains.  Markets aren't getting any easier. We'll continue to maintain Canadian leadership in ag and food, and we'll be able to increase our capacity to invest and continue to provide thousands of Canadians with good jobs. So feel good about where we're at, and it's just -- it's -- we don't really see any need for remedies in Canada. It would be too early to speculate on that, but we look forward to engage on the details. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Look, we were in the trial phase, running the pilots on winter canola, and we've been very pleased with the producer reaction. We've been pleased with the production and the performance of the winter canola. And so the plan now will be to scale that up in the coming campaign. And as we get visibility to the uptake by the producer and our ability to scale that up, then we'll eventually get to the point to be able to talk about any, any impact to the financials, but it's a little bit early for that. And winter canola and the cover crops, I might add, those, of course, we're building those programs towards -- to serve Destrehan and our expansion there in the Gulf. So that's a little bit off in the future as well. So we've got a little bit of time as we build that capacity. 
Gregory Heckman: No. Thank you. So far here in '24, soybean, meal demand appears pretty good. I mean the lower prices are doing their work. And I think you called it out there, seeing a higher inclusion. The other thing it feels like profitability for the animal segment has bottomed, and as profitability gets better, we probably expect some expansion there. Right now, global animal numbers are stable. When you look at pork and poultry together, they're roughly flat, with poultry up maybe a little and pork down a little bit. And then if you look globally, the hog margins really are up in all regions except China and the poultry margins are better. So I feel like the meal demand is okay there. You talk about Argentina, of course, last year, the rest of the world had to make up for Argentina when it didn't run as that crops harvested and the farmer starts to sell and liquidate the crop. We expect to run harder in Argentina this year, and so it will perform better, and that may come at the expense of some other areas, which could possibly be in Europe. So there will be some trade-offs.  But I think that's what we've shown in the last few years is that's the beauty of our global platform is that we can adjust and maximize where the margins are as we run our system and serve our customers. 
Gregory Heckman: A couple of things on Q4, of course, historically in North America. If you look at where our planted acres are, you assume that soybean crop gets grown, you've got new crop coming off. And also with the amount of stock that U.S. producers carrying, the marketing coming up as close to that new crop being harvested and then the new crop harvest. And then the other, like we talked about the like UCO has put pressure on the oil market here in North America with those imports. That's not as economical at this point, while at the same time, you've got another plant coming up on the RD side in Q2 and then another plant in Q4. So you kind of feel like that could be constructive for oil demand as we get out there in Q4.  And then we talked a little bit earlier about just globally overall with palm fairly tight. That's what's been supported for oils globally, the SMEs are pretty tight everywhere outside of North America and especially with the pull on the soft oils. 
Gregory Heckman: No, I think one of the things that we have seen from our food customers is as prices have come back, the programs we're working on with them are really driven around driving volume now, whether it's new products or product enhancements. So whereas we saw when we had kind of the inflationary, all the projects were really focused around cost reduction, they're now looking at driving volume. The other thing is with the profitability on the animal side, we may see more of that come back into the feed rations as well. So we think we could -- the one thing historically we know, lower prices are generally good for demand. I think you're on the right track. It's how quick will we see it kick in, but I think we'll get some support from both the food and the feed markets. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think there'll be a little bit of a balance, right? Of course, we've put all this in our outlook currently. But some of what we talked earlier with animal profitability, a little bit of an uptake on the meal demand side from some expansion on the animal side. And then we've got on the oil side, we talked about palm situation from a tightness, some demand growth on feed and food side from the lower price.  And then RD continuing to come on. And then the other is seeing whether these other low CI feedstocks at what pace they can continue to be competitive. We don't know if some of that was where their stocks being pulled down and they really can't compete at the same pace, or the other thing is, remember, the big picture is that everyone's trying to take carbon out of their liquid fuels supply chain globally. There are projects going on kind of around globally. So some of the low CI feedstocks that have been moving around the globe as projects get developed, then demand develops in country or in continent. So these flows are constantly changing. So we do expect it to be -- continue to be pretty dynamic on the oil side, and we're really glad we're operating from a global footprint, both on meal and oil. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. The U.S. does have the ability to switch quickly. I mean if you think about it, prior to RD, we held the residual stocks for the world, and we're there to export as the world needed it and called on oil from the U.S. And then as we were building capacity on the crush side as well as building capacity to import other oils and other low CI feedstocks, right? We pulled stocks down and then drove imports into North America. So I think when you think about the U.S., it will continue to be probably the most dynamic on the oil side to help balance things globally.  So again, glad we're operating from a global platform and are able to see those different shifts and be able to respond to help serve our customers and balance our crush margins depending on where we're going to run to maximize those. But should be, should be a pretty dynamic year. And then, of course, we continue to see strong demand in India. I don't think I mentioned that, but that's one of the other keys on the oil side as well. 
Gregory Heckman: Look, I -- when I look at it through our lens, I mean, things definitely got more expensive to build for a period of time, and that's why we slowed down our Destrehan project. Did the work and we're patient to get the cost down before we did build that. Now we're building a switch plant. We're building it at a port to help drive export economics on the meal side. We're at a port and in a location where we can receive domestic oil seeds, whether that's going to be -- and being a switch plant, whether it's going to be soy or whether that's going to be winter canola or whether that's going to be a cover crop as we develop things like cover crest or if it makes sense to import seeds. We're at the port and have the ability to do that. We're also doing it at a brownfield site, so we have lower costs, and we're plugging it into our global network. Now I will tell you we are really glad that we are doing that. So personally, I wouldn't want to be a stand-alone plant or building a stand-alone plant today just as an investor. We like where our position is. And I guess what we're doing is being very thoughtful where we put capital in the ground that's going to exist for decades is that we're putting it in a place that continues to improve our global footprint for our cost position for the long term. 
Gregory Heckman: I just like to thank everyone for joining us today and for your interest in Bunge. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. So have a great day. 
John Neppl: Adam, I just say -- this is John. In terms of 45C, things are still in process there. I think we're optimistic that veg oil will certainly have a meaningful role going forward. But there's still a few things under -- as you know, under review. So we're like everyone watching that closely. And I think the logical follow-on to that will be would RVO levels get reset in the future because, clearly, the industry is found ample supply for RD and BD and ultimately [ SA ]. So we're hopeful that the EPA sees that as well. 
John Neppl: Yes. It's going to really depend a little bit on how things progress on the Viterra transaction and timing around that. But I think it's possible we could pull some of that forward. I think it's hard to commit to that today because with the close of the deal, as you know, we've got target leverage ratios we'd like to make sure we hit at the close of that transaction. And we've got other projects in play today as well, not only CapEx, but as you know, we've always got a pipeline of M&A stuff going on. So we'll watch it closely. It's an important part of the allocation, and we'll keep looking for opportunities here as we go forward, whether it's before or after the close of this transaction. 
John Neppl: Yes, Tom, this is John. If you look at the -- when we cadence the quarter, it's kind of 60%, 40% for the first half. We ended up a little bit more tilted toward Q1 versus Q2. But largely, the makeup of the quarter hasn't really changed so much in total. And even by segment, it's been more timing. And so where we saw a little bit of over-delivery in Q1 across merchandising and processing. We're seeing a little bit of softness in Q2 in those 2 items. So really more of a view on some of that was timing. It's always hard to predict that. But we'll see a little bit -- based on our current forecast, we'll see a little bit down in processing, merchandising, in Q2 versus Q1. I think everything else will hold fairly steady. And there's still time here. We're only really right at the end of April. So we've got a couple of months here yet to see how things shake out. 
John Neppl: Sure. Yes. And so Ben, as you know, we've got a number of projects, obviously, going on globally. Greg mentioned the Krishna plant, which is a relatively small one that was commissioned here recently. But in addition to the Destrehan plant expansion that we announced a groundbreaking finally on that a few weeks ago. We've got the other ones that we've mentioned, Morristown SPC plant in Morristown, Indiana underway. Of course, our greenfield oil, specialty oils plant in the Netherlands in Rotterdam, or in Amsterdam, specifically that's underway. And barge unloading expansion in the port in Destrehan, that's going to complement the expansion at Destrehan at the facility. Those are -- and then, of course, recently, we had the Avondale plant acquisition that we're also working on an expansion project there. So those are some of the bigger things on the CapEx side because all of those are really underway other than the completion of Krishna. The rest of those really are in process. And Avondale expansion will probably come online a little sooner, but the rest of those are really -- we're talking really 2026 before those are commissioned.  Those are all multiyear builds. And so we're still very optimistic about the progress there. They're all on track and things are looking good, but it is going to be probably late '26 before those are up and running. And then, of course, we have CJ Selecta sitting out there on the M&A side that we announced previously that we're hoping to close yet later this year. Whether that happens before or after the Viterra deal is yet to be seen, but that's progressing as well. 
John Neppl: Yes, that's always a tough one. But I -- right now, I'd say we're expecting to be fairly on track with where we were a year ago in merchandising in total. We were off to, as you pointed out, a sequentially good start versus Q3, Q4 of last year. Right now, we're -- we've pulled some of that forward from Q2, so we still call the first half, I'll say, relatively modest, but a good start. And we'll see. We've got a couple of months here to go, so there's always opportunity.  And then the second half of the year, we feel like there should be some opportunity out there. I don't think we're at all overly aggressive in our view for the year. It's pretty -- like I said, it's pretty consistent with the year ago. It's just going to be timing quarter-to-quarter. 
John Neppl: Andrew, maybe I'd just add there that as you could imagine, we watch this fairly closely. And those projects that were well underway are going to continue and get completed, but really, anything that was -- that is proposed or early stages, we've seen a number of those put on hold, at least for now. And I think the expectation on our part would be that with where we are today in the margin environment that those things would probably not get done unless things change. 
