Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. We know this is a difficult time for all. We appreciate you joining, and we hope all is well with your families and loved ones. Turning to Slide 3. You can see the agenda for today's call, starting with a few comments on how Bunge is addressing COVID-19, followed by an overview of the first quarter. I'll also provide some thoughts on the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business for the rest of the year and then hand it over to John, who'll go into more details on our performance. I'll share closing remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. Before diving in the quarter, I want to take this opportunity to thank our Bunge team for their hard work and for taking on this challenge with camaraderie, poise and commitment. Our thoughts are with those who have suffered as a result of COVID-19 and with all the heroes on the front lines of this pandemic. I am tremendously proud of our team and their continued level of execution during this time. As a critical participant in global food supply chains, Bunge, is without question, an essential business, and we're doing our part to ensure that these critical products are getting from farmers to consumers. This is not an easy or straightforward task. Our colleagues around the world are going to work every day and to put it plainly, showing great grit in getting the job done. Protecting our team, their families and communities as they perform this work is our top priority. Our global task force is working hard to ensure we have the necessary precautionary measures in place to keep them safe, while continuing to serve our customers. On Slide 4, you can see a summary of those measures which vary by region and facility, but essentially include an expansion of our health and safety procedures, along with new protocols to support social distancing. We also created dedicated task forces to monitor developments and coordinate efforts to support our central role in the infrastructure of food. We have not experienced any major disruptions to our plants or supply chains, and operations have functioned well. We're also working to provide support to the communities in which we operate. And last month, we announced a $2.5 million commitment to support health and hunger causes directly related to the pandemic in these areas. All that said, we remained sharply focused on running the business. And now, let's turn to Slide 5 for an overview of the first quarter and the outlook. Our underlying business performed well, and we're seeing the impact of the strength of our new operating model, which is allowing us to quickly adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs. In Agribusiness, we were able to capitalize on several key opportunities with notably strong performances in softseed crush, China soy processing and grain origination in Brazil, as farmer selling increased with the devaluation of the Brazilian real. Edible Oils produced a strong quarter, benefiting from good demand in an environment of relatively tight vegetable oil supply. The negative direct impacts of COVID-19 were limited in the quarter, as lockdowns and restrictions varied by region. COVID-19's impact on the global economy makes visibility difficult, but we expect 2020 EPS to be lower than we forecasted earlier in the year. Agribusiness is positioned to perform well, given the strong start to the year and the soy crush capacity we have hedged into the third and fourth quarters. However, results in Edible Oils will be lower due to COVID-19-related demand interruptions in foodservice and biofuels. Also, lower ethanol prices and foreign exchange volatility will materially reduce results in our Sugar & Bioenergy JV. Turning to Slide 6. Despite COVID-19 and its impact on economies around the world, we're continuing to make progress on optimizing our portfolio. As you may have seen, a couple of weeks ago, we reached an agreement to sell 35 U.S. interior elevators to Zen-Noh Grain Corporation for approximately $300 million in proceeds. This strategic effort supports Bunge's global value chain model and retains our strong presence elsewhere in the U.S. grain marketplace. We'll continue to actively participate in global grain trading and distribution, anchored to our Center Gulf and PNW port terminals and continue to support Bunge's U.S. soy processing and milling businesses. Not only will this transaction allow us to reduce costs and operate more efficiently, we'll reinvest the proceeds in the higher returning areas of the company and strengthen our balance sheet. I'm extremely proud of the team for executing this deal in this environment and market; really well done. And with that, I'll hand the call over to John now to walk through the financial results in detail.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. I know I'm not the first one to say this, but the fact that we're operating at a time of unprecedented volatility, complexity and uncertainty. As John and I mentioned, we expect to see a greater impact from COVID-19 in our business in the second quarter primarily in our Edible Oils business. However, the work we've done to improve our operations, to streamline our portfolio and hone our approach to risk management has allowed us to remain nimble and adapt to the evolving business and operational demands. We stayed very focused, and we've accomplished a great deal despite the environment, from continuing to invest in technology and drive our strategic initiatives to evolving our innovation processes to the current reality of working remotely. I remain impressed by the team's steadfast commitment to the execution of our priorities, especially in the face of these challenging times. Given the evolution of the COVID-19 situation, we have decided to postpone our full Investor Day to a later date, but we will hold a virtual investor event in June, where John and I will provide an update on our progress and the impact of our key initiatives to our operating model. We'll be providing more details in the coming weeks. And with that, we'll open the call to your questions.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I mean, I'll let John hop on as well. Interesting question, Ken. I believe anytime you're challenged, I mean, I don't think 6 months ago, we would have thought you could run an operation this big and this complex remotely. And I will say the team has done a phenomenal job, as we've continued to run the business with no major interruptions to our supply chain or serving customers. So all of these challenges make you better. We continue to focus on all our initiatives and continue doing the things that we want to do to improve the business for 2021. And I will say during this time of stress that for the globe and for everyone, capital spending has slowed down for everyone. And so I think, overall, the capacities probably end up tighter as things improve and as we see demand come back. And I think we're in a great position with the change we made to the portfolio, the operating model and having the global footprint and the flexibility to respond as we see things improve. So I sure don't see it as a negative. So I think it's a flat to a positive. I don't know, John, if there's anything.
Gregory Heckman: Well, on Agribusiness, no change. Yes, it's happening a little differently in a more challenging way than we thought. But in our biggest business, we really unchanged and think we'll be able to deliver the same as our earlier outlook. On the Edible Oils side, that really is going to depend on the recovery and the shape of the recovery and how quickly that it is. And so at this point, we've used the best information that we have looking at the forward curves, and we'll continue to update you as we go forward on that. I will say it looked about as dark as it could at the beginning of the month, and things have started to improve just in the last 6 business days, with some orders and with some of the opening up. So it really moved quickly on the way down as demand was cut and now the key will be how demand comes back, which will definitely be more gradual. And then on the Sugar & Bioenergy, again, we're really pleased with our partner. The team's executing very well down there on the synergies and getting the business in the best shape it can be from an overall industry and economics, of course, with the COVID-19 impacts on demand and the overall outlook on energy prices with what's happening in crude oil, I think we're in as good as shaped as anyone in the industry. And we know it'll be lower, but it's not clear. And there's some talk now of maybe some aid for the industry, but it's all too early to tell any impact of that as well.
Gregory Heckman: I'll take that portfolio actions, and I'll let John talk to the numbers. On the portfolio actions, we continue to try to work against the internal deadline we gave ourselves of having everything substantially done or at least to a point where we could talk about it at Investor Day, so we can give you a clear look at kind of our go-forward portfolio in late June. Even though there have been some things to slow people down here with COVID-19, we still got dedicated teams working on all of those deals. We probably have 1 left of size and 2 or 3 that are smaller in cleanup. But our goal is to try to still be in position to talk about that. And then we move on to the continuous improvement, which is continuing to challenge the lowest returning parts of our portfolio and improving them or figuring out if they need to be out of the portfolio, and that will never stop. As John and I have talked about, this isn't - managing your portfolio is in an event. It's something you do every day, every month, every quarter. So as you see, it'll be an ongoing process. And then John, I'll let you speak to the numbers.
Gregory Heckman: I don't know that we've had it long enough to do the analysis versus that as well as the changes that we've continued to make to bring along, not only the Loders Croklaan portfolio, but the combined legacy Bunge portfolio of products and services together with customers. What we are seeing, of course, in some of those areas where people are staying at home and eating different things, we're seeing demand be the same or higher in some areas. Of course, where you're a foodservice, of course, that's where the demand is really been hurt across the entire fats and oils portfolio. I will say from a total customer outlook, we've had good momentum the past couple of years and grown our share of wallet, the products that - the value-added products we're offering them, the breadth of the portfolio and really changing the way that we've worked with people around innovation. I will say since COVID, that has all accelerated. I think customers really appreciate the breadth of the portfolio. They have appreciated our reliability. They've appreciated our ability to solve problems and adapt, and continue to do some innovation from a distance. And what we're seeing through that is changing the nature of these relationships more quickly on the trust, on these going from less transactional to more partnership to bringing more products to them. So one of the net positives, I think, of the direction we were going with customers and the changes we were making, and it's actually accelerated that. And so some of the positive, I think, will be the strength of the customer relationships coming out the other side of this as the demand improves.
Gregory Heckman: I'll take just a start on that and I'll let John finish. Look, what we've done with BP is our combined teams have been down there. They're exceeding the cost synergies as executing very well on the plan. So we've got a stronger business with 2 great partners. We're coming out of the seasonally slow intercrop period. And from an - overall, as we get started on the crop from a business and how it's operating and how the team is working together, fine. We'll be in a position to get our share of the opportunity. The external factors, that is the one that will be the tough one to see how that plays out. And as we talked to you, you've got the underlying economics, and then you've got, if it ends up being any aid to the industry. But I think we've - we're trying to be on the front edge of that. And then specifically, I don't know, John, if you have anything else.
Gregory Heckman: Sure. From an outlook, what we're seeing is we do have a fair amount of crush hedged into Q3 and some into Q4. The kind of key factors, if you think about it from an overall, how we're thinking about the flags or the puts and takes, on the risk side, it's COVID, okay? If it continues to grow and dampen oil demand and biofuel demand, it takes longer before we see the recovery. The other risk is if ASF would turn to China in a big way or spread somewhere and if we got some trade disruptions. Again, that could cause a lot of volatility and, frankly, make it more difficult for customers and just managing margins overall. And then if Argentinian crush increased significantly, that could be tough on global margins. The other side of that, that we based our outlook on the curves without making any topside adjustments. But the other side of that coin is you've got reductions in the ethanol run, which, of course, reduces the amount of DDG with where wheat is priced globally right now, there should be less wheat fed. Both of those are good for soybean meal inclusion in the feed rations. So that helps the demand side there. And then currently, Argentina, the farmer is really - you did some selling early when they were worried about the tax, but now the farmers really stopped selling and that - just the overall difficulties there, we don't see that changing. That probably limits Argentina's run time. And then their competitiveness has also hurt right now with higher freight costs because of the low water in the Paraná River, and that looks like that's going to persist for a while. And that generally, when Argentina is lower on volume, that's better for our global crush margins. And then the other is that we see foodservice and biodiesel demand gradually improve. And if we saw meat exports to China, that, of course, would help the S&Ds, help protein prices to recover and offset some of the risk on the lower animal numbers that we've seen kind of in tandem with this quick cutback in foodservice demand.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Foodservice, if you look, we're, of course, more heavily indexed to North America, U.S. and Canada, and to the larger QSRs, which, quite frankly, they have fared better through this and probably expect them to recover more quickly. If you think about geographically, we saw this happen in China first, then Europe, and then it's moving east to west in the U.S. and arriving South America last. So as we start to see the recovery in China, of course, we're watching that very, very closely. Brazil, generally, when we get the big depreciation in the real, that is good for Agribusiness, which, of course, is the bigger part of our business, but that does provide some headwinds on the food side of the business. And I think that's what we're seeing down there.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think it's too early, right? We saw in late March, early April, right, the U.S. down a combined 40%, and the foodservice restaurants were off 70%. So how this opens and comes back, if we have any reinfection rates and reclosing, it could really change that. We're trying to understand the - what's the restocking versus the demand. So look, we're seeing some positive signs and we're seeing some orders pick up, but it's way too early to declare any victory.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Let me take a cut. If I don't hit the mark here, you can redirect. How's that? No doubt, as hard as foodservice came off, we're seeing reductions in poultry here in the U.S. It is coming off a high base in 2020, and I think everyone is trying to figure out how quickly it will come down. And as we restart, if that starts to send to signal where it stabilizes. There's not as good a data, of course, on the hogs, but definitely reduction there as well. And I think that's also related to when do we start to see some demand come back, and how does the industry - where does it stabilize, and/or do we see exports protein to China, which helps the pricing and lead. So as that's down a little bit, I think that's where we were looking at, some of the offsets of higher wheat feeding and less DDGs around so that inclusion rates offset some of the lower animal numbers. The other, if you just look at the FD, S&Ds, as we ran hard here so far this year, on our crush rates, margins were good. We also were uncomfortable having third parties in our facilities doing maintenance. So things that we could push back around maintenance, we did and ran hard. We're now starting to do those projects. So that, alone, will bring crush down a little bit from a supply side. And then as we said last year, we're managing margins. So we'll run for margin, and we'll run the crush to meet demand. But even in the U.S. here, we've - probably between maintenance and adjusting to some of it, we've crushed almost 10%. And then, the rest of the world on animals, China, definitely seeing - definitely, sell herds up and then seeing chicken up. And in Brazil, chicken was only up slightly with the numbers we were seeing, but pork was up. And of course, COVID's just arriving in South America, so we're going to have to all watch that closely.
Gregory Heckman: We're the largest down there, and it's always a trade-up for us there. If it doesn't make sense to crush, we'll export the beans. So we're running this machine for the best returns and the highest profits.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Just to reiterate, on the Agribusiness, we still see the line of sight to delivering our original outlook. On Edible Oils, of course, with what's happened here with COVID and foodservice, that will be off some, and it just depends how quick the recovery is, how much that's off. And then the big delta, as John said, is Sugar & Bioenergy and that's - there's a lot to play out there as we just come out of intercrop and seeing how things shake out. But the team is doing a good job. We've got the right team. We've got the right partner, and we'll keep you updated.
John Neppl: Yes. So as Greg mentioned in his remarks, we have gross proceeds of $300 million coming from the grain - the sale of grain assets. That's not expected to be closed until late Q4, probably early Q1 of next year just given regulatory timing. But at this point, we don't have any specific plans other than initially, we'll reduce any revolver debt that we have outstanding and then we will look at what our alternatives are. We have a bond coming due in November, and depending on timing of this and how we feel about capital markets at the time and our liquidity, we may very well just pay that off at the time. We'll keep an eye on markets between now and then to determine if refinancing that debt makes sense. But other than that, we will put it basically back at the top of the house and look back at our capital allocation mix and see what the best alternatives are, but nothing specific right now.
John Neppl: Yes, and in terms of the grain assets and how to think about invested capital, as you can imagine, we've owned these elevators for quite a long period of time. So the book value, the carrying value of those is really quite low, pretty small percentage of the total proceeds. So we will be reporting a gain on the sale. And - but probably, as importantly, we didn't carry a lot of working capital in these elevators between farmer payables, deferred farmer payables on average and the fact that they basically source product for our pipeline, we didn't carry a lot of working capital there. These really flow through elevators for us, primarily. So we don't expect a significant impact on invested capital. The real benefit is taking the proceeds and paying off debt initially and taking some of the costs out.
John Neppl: Sure. Let me walk through the pieces, Vincent, because it is pretty comprehensive. So overall, we had, as I mentioned, about $385 million in the Agribusiness. A total of $410 million, altogether, across the business. The $100 million that we mentioned associated with our soy processing and oilseed processing, that really will largely execute over the balance of this year. It was representative of coming into the quarter into Q1 largely covered. And then we had mentioned that at the end of the year, I think, on our year-end call that we came into the first quarter fairly heavily covered. And so, as the market moved at the end of the quarter, we recorded that $100 million. And that will largely unwind really a big chunk of it in Q2 as you think about where the - where we were booked out. And then beyond most all of that is expected to come through here in the fiscal year. The $195 million associated with hedging our oilseed pipeline or our veg oil pipeline into our Edible Oil customer is a little bit longer time period as that flows through. But again, expect the majority of that to execute during the year, really not necessarily any real risk in whether or not those execute, it's just timing. And then the other $20 million we had mentioned, we mentioned the $90 million on ocean freight. Again, vast majority of that will clear out this year as we execute on the underlying contracts. And then we had mentioned on the remaining $20 million on Edible Oils that $13 million of that was really a carry-in of income we took last year. So we have a small $6 million carryout. The - so we really expect that to roll out, again, a vast majority by the end of the year. But with the market moves we saw in April, a big chunk of our mark-to-market that we recognized in March, as you can imagine, has been affected already just given the decline in processing margins in April. So - but we feel confident that it's just execution to get most of this cleared off by the end of the year.
John Neppl: Yes. I think a couple of things. One is we - as we mentioned during the remarks that we're reporting on a 1-month lag. So we have pretty good visibility into March. What happened in March, and that's basis for our comments. Regarding Q2 as we saw a continued depreciation, in fact, most of the real depreciation in Q1 occurred in March. And so that's going to be reflective of Q2, and a big part of that will be additional impact on the translation losses on the U.S. dollar-denominated debt. This business is a combination of USD and real - USD-real business. The team was working on hedging that U.S. dollar debt. It's just been a difficult market environment. As you can imagine to get something like that done in Brazil, but they're continuing to work on that. We believe it probably makes sense to hedge part of that debt, just given the fact that part of the business is based on the underlying real and part of it's USD. So that's going to be part of the headwind. And I think just some of the carryover kind of in the first half, from Q1 into Q2. But I would say largely, I don't necessarily think that's indicative of a full here.
John Neppl: Yes. They do have a good understanding of those, and so we take the time to explain those. And I would say that our feedback this week from the rating agencies, as we talk to them ahead of time, they understood that impact based on what has happened with the market and the volatility in the crush margins and veg oil markets. So they understand it. They're used to that conversation with us and they understand it's just timing and not necessarily cash-related.
John Neppl: Yes. I would just say, though, Heather, I don't - I'm sorry, this is John. I was just going to say, I don't think we're anticipating any kind of a negative result out of Edible Oils in Q2, though.
John Neppl: Well, yes, the team was working on this really kind of methodically after the close of the transaction. And they had - it was on the slate to actually hedge out about half of the debt. And frankly, they just got caught with COVID, and they were working with a number of banks down there to do the hedge transaction. It just got cost-prohibitive really, is the issue. And the banks, the markets down there were probably, I'll say, more reactive than they were here in terms of the impact of COVID and the financial markets down there were in a bit more disarray. And it just became cost-prohibitive and difficult to get it done. And so they're continuing to work on it. I think that we're optimistic we'll get it done. I mean timing hasn't been great, but the team is focused on it, as well as executing underlying business. But - so we do expect to be able to get something done here, hopefully, this quarter.
John Neppl: Well, if the currency stays the same now, I think you'll see a similar impact in Q2 as we saw in Q1. Again, we closed March around 5.2, I think, on the real. And that was about a comparable uptick to what we saw in Jan, Feb, or Dec, Jan, Feb. So I would expect a similar impact on the debt side on the translation loss. In terms of the underlying business, it's going to depend on a lot of things, because it is the ethanol and sugar portion that is dollar business, and so that's going to depend on a number of other factors, not just the currency exchange rate. But on the translation loss side, I think for Q2, I would expect something similar, absent a big change from here. Q3, really no way to predict that at this point. So...
John Neppl: Yes. I would say probably the biggest delta we've had from our initial forecast is Sugar. We've got, as Greg mentioned, a little bit of weakness on the Edible Oils side. We feel good about Agribusiness, but Sugar is the biggest delta, for sure. And we're supporting the team down there to try to get it - to try to see what we can do, but we got a good team down there. It's just a tough environment right now for that business. So - but BP is committed to it. We're committed to it. We're having a lot of dialogue with the team and feel confident we've got the right team running it. It's just a tough environment. But that is definitely the biggest move right now.
