Soren Schroder: Thanks, Tom. We’re on slide number 12. And before we move to Q&A, I'd like to summarize a few important points. First, we're proud of our team and our accomplishments. We took on a major restructuring and a significant acquisition in a very challenging environment. Both will position us well in the future. We have an unrivalled global footprint in both agribusiness and food and we have a clear strategy aimed at perfecting that global footprint and increasing the share of value added activities. With the acquisition of Loders, we will accelerate this growth towards the 35% to 40% share we've been targeting for some time. We expect market headwinds in agribusiness to subside and in our biggest business soy crush, there are clear signs that they are already. As that happens, our strategic and operational actions of these past couple of years will position us to restore earnings this year and for growth beyond. Finally, as we've all seen in the media reports both in recent weeks and last spring, surrounding our potential role in industry consolidation, as we have said consistently and as I know you understand, we can’t comment on the market rumors or speculation. And with that, we’ll now turn it back to the operator and to your questions.
Soren Schroder: It's evolving to be frank. The process of preparing for this call is over many days and weeks and there's no doubt that sort of every day that has gone closer to the call and where we are right now, the environment in agribusiness in particular has continued to improve. It's not easy to put a finger on exactly what it means for the full year. But there's no doubt that it's a different tone and a different feeling in this segment, particularly in crush than it would have been a month ago let's say.
Soren Schroder: Yeah. I know what you're getting at. It incorporates half of the last 15 days and that would point you towards the upper end of the range, if it was to continue. But, we're still early in the year, early in the quarter. We’re all expecting that we will see a more structural improvement in crush as we go through the year, but this is all happening very, very quickly. So we're being a bit cautious in not getting too far ahead of ourselves.
Soren Schroder: Well, I'll put it slightly differently although you have some of the elements. It's really about focus and it is about moving along the path in the segment that we outlined already several years ago. As far as the renewable oils joint venture is concerned, you're right. It's an investment we've had for a number of years and we've continued to contribute to it. The outcome of it so far is different than how we initially expected it to be. Initially, it was focused on developing specialty oils, tropical oils, equivalents through algae. That turned out to be not necessarily the best path. The cost point was too high and it developed and evolved into a specialty feed business, which is interesting and it is making good progress and it has successes as we described last year in October, but it's not core to us. And for that reason, we've decided that it was better if we could hand this over to our partner at the moment and then focus additional capital spending on our core activities.  Sugar trading, we got a good team. They've done a great job globally, but it's a hyper competitive business. We've been struggling over the last year to generate enough gross margin to cover our cost. We haven't had any negatives, but it's an expensive operation to run globally and structural distribution margins in sugar are just very, very, very narrow and it is not strategic to our milling business, in other words, what we intend to do with the milling business does not depend on having a global sugar trading set up. We can handle the risk in the merchandising from within the sugar milling business. So, concluding around all those factors, we simply decided that it was time to really focus on what's core to us, which is agribusiness, foods, grains and oilseeds and get on with it in a good way. 
Soren Schroder: Thanks, David. Yeah. Well, the fourth quarter was a disappointment. There's no doubt about it. But we started out very well. October was a very strong month and gave all of us confidence that we were on track for the guidance we've given, a quarter that would be in the $300 million range in total. And that some of the actions we have taken in agribusiness already starting back in August, September, i.e., deliberately reducing crush rates, both in Europe and Argentina were beginning to take hold.  And as it turned out, in November and December, both soy crush in Argentina and Europe and also soft seed crushed disappointed. The part of the capacity that we have not locked in, we ended up selling at significantly lower margins that we had anticipated at the end of October. That was really the major variable, the total impact was about $100 million. Origination margins in Brazil for November and December also turned out to be less than we had expected as people were completing some other take and pay commitments and essentially originated grain through that period with zero gross margin. So those were the elements. I think it's very hard on the outside to see how that all plays out on a day-by-day basis, but I think those who followed cash crush margins around the regions that I talked about would have seen that they weren't really getting better. Now, the good news is that they are. So we were off on timing, I suppose, by a bit, but the recovery we have seen now in crush margins in really globally have been on the back of reduced crush rates, more discipline in the industry and continued growth in demand and that's playing out right in front of us now. And so even though we may have some negative mark-to-market in Q1, this is all really good news and we're all, at the moment, working on projecting how far out into the year we can secure and lock up some of these better margins and that's why also the range in agribusiness is pretty wide. We don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves, but there are certainly many things that are pointing in a good direction at the moment.
Soren Schroder: Well, your comment is right. If you want to go more by the spot market, I suppose, it’s a good way to put it. But the alternative is not necessarily locking in that margins in origination, it’s quite the opposite. So, we’ve taken the stance that for origination and export, particularly in Brazil, we have to find a way to price a margin. Otherwise, we will be willing to sacrifice some market share. And we place whatever we can originate ourselves with goods from third parties that we will then bring to our own destinations, be that soy crushing in Europe or China, et cetera.  So just a very pragmatic way to running the system. We've got a record crop coming off in Brazil again. There's no reason why we should be handling all that with zero gross margin. So, we're just building in more flexibility. I think it will turn out okay. At the moment, most of the origination in Brazil is heading towards crush at good margins and we will see how it plays out as we get into March and April where more of that flows will be directed towards export. What we think we will get back into some positive margins again. So we just don't want to lock ourselves into a situation where we will be forced to originate at negative margins as was the case for most of the industry last year. There's no reason for that.
Soren Schroder: It probably doesn't really matter because we can move whatever we buy to either channel, all depending on where the best margins are and it's not like we go out and lock in negative margins in advance. We wouldn't do that. That's exactly what we are not doing now, but because ourselves and others have made significant commitments to rail transportation and other types of logistics, when farmers selling disappointed, you still have to fulfill those contracts and that meant you have to essentially pry the grain away from farmers at margins that ended up being negative and we are avoiding that this year.
Soren Schroder: I think the entire industry and certainly ourselves are trying to adjust to a new environment. Last year was a big wake up call for everybody and all the factors you mentioned from storage, better balance sheet, the previous years of profits allowed a different type of marketing pattern everywhere really and we had collectively not adjusted to that. In my view, as we now go into another record South-American, at least Brazilian crop, margins and the way the market operates will normalize and we will get paid a margin for what we do. It may not be as big as it historically was, but we will get back to more normalized type situations. What we do, the services we provide, starting in the deep interior, originating grain, conditioning it, transshipping it, bringing it to the port, loading it onto ships and all the risk of logistics that we take in the middle deserves a margin. And I'm sure that we'll get it, but it'll be likely different than it was maybe four years ago, but it will be positive and not negative.
Soren Schroder: Not necessarily. Maybe in some areas, but broadly speaking I'm not so sure. It's a fairly fragmented business with barriers to entry that aren't all that significant. So it's more about how you run your assets that determines your profitability. So, there are certainly pockets where that is the case, but on a global scale, I'd say probably not.
Soren Schroder: Right. What we have dialed into the current range is really just a pickup in global soy crush margins, about $5 a ton give and take from the very depressed 2017 level and gets you close to $200 million delta. And then some normalization in grain origination in South America in particular, call it, 100 million to 150 million. So that gets you in the midpoint of that range. Beyond that, we know that, that gets you back to sort of the baseline margin in 2016 in crush and beyond that we are convinced that the market will still have to price higher margins as capacity utilization continues to tighten in the face of global growth in demand of both oil and meal. So beyond that, we see that there's another $5 to $10 of margin improvement over the next two to three years. And then the question is really, can grain origination in South America in particular, but also in the US, get back to some kind of normal and there, we have been more cautious for the reasons we just talked about. We are coming out of a difficult year where a lot of factors meant that grain origination globally was a real struggle. We’re taking a different approach as we just described and we think that we’ll work, but the degree of that is yet to be seen. Global trading and distribution has been and was last year depressed. It was profitable, but it was nowhere near the types of earnings that we enjoyed in, call it, ‘14, ‘15, ‘16 periods, simply because abundance of grain and oil seeds and proteins everywhere, no dislocations meant that our ability to shift demand from one origin to the next and use our footprint optimally just wasn’t there. That can come back any moment, but we have not dialed much in for that either, just out of prudence. Any dislocation any place in the world of any consequence would bring that global distribution capability into light again and make it very profitable. It's been an important part of our profitability over the years. So those are the things that weighed into the range that we gave and the one thing that we feel fairly confident about at this stage and it's growing every day is the soy crush outlook, which is admittedly our biggest business.
Soren Schroder: I would say that it was -- agribusiness was probably a continuation of what we saw in Q4, that type of run rate, at least up until now, it still -- the quarter is not over yet. So, a softish first quarter and mark--o market would be on top of that.
Soren Schroder: Well, I mean, you have to adjust as market conditions tell you to. I think the big thing that has changed in Brazil, compared to let’s say a couple of years ago is that so little of the farmer selling is done in advance. That's the biggest single change. We used to walk into harvest with 50%, 60% of the crop already bought in advance and when you do that 6 or 12 months before the harvest, the ability to price a reasonable margin, both to the farmer and to ourselves, is significantly better. I would expect that to come back. It's a combination of Chicago futures and currency that has led us to where we are right now. So the ability to manage forward risk on behalf of the Brazilian farmer is still very much there and I think these last couple of years are, it's just a moment in time.  At the same time, we're doing everything we can to add value in how we deal with farmers. We have a very elaborate network in Brazil, we’ve invested in some minorities, Alvarado as you probably saw announced last fall is one of them. We’ll be partnering up with local originators and help bundle services to farmers, ranging from fertilizers to crop protection to financing to risk management tools, so that we can help farmers be profitable and in return eke out a bit of a better structural margin.  That's working well, but it's work in progress, but it's just something we have to do as it's happening everywhere else in the world and I think that with the reach we have in Brazil, that will be a successful way forward. So I don't think it's broken. I think we've gone through a -- just a difficult period of time and we'll get back to more normalized profitability and hopefully this year, we’ll be one step back towards normal. I think it will be.
Soren Schroder: Yeah. We plan to give that update in the next call once we’ve closed and all the adjustments and so forth. So none of the numbers that we presented today includes Loders.
Soren Schroder: Well, I think the biggest factor that’s played into sort of the reduction in crush rates in Argentina has been the pace of farmer selling and that crushers, like ourselves, have decided that we're not going to crush and export products from unpriced beans, and so -- which was very contrary to how last season started and which we created that excess glut of soybean meal, the industry essentially crushed unpriced beans and exported the products.  And did that in a very, very low margin environment and it was a very expensive lesson, because soybeans were in a carry and so you ended up fixing soybeans much later at higher prices, so not a good economic outcome for most crushers in Argentina last year and I think what's happening now is just sort of what should be happening, you crush based on the current margin and you don't take excess risk unless the margin is really extraordinary and it isn't yet.  I mean we’ve bounced back to the mid-20s, which is okay, but it's not exceptional and it is not enough to warrant taking the risk of crushing and exporting unpriced beans. And so as long as a farmer is relatively conservative in his pricing of soybeans and at the moment with the potential crop issues, it seems like they will continue to be, I think we’ll walk into the second quarter with even lower global meal stocks and it will actually take the Argentine crush to ramp up significantly in the second and third quarters to keep us from getting down to very uncomfortably low levels. So we will need Argentina to crush at a higher rate once we get into Q2 and Q3. So I think that's what's happened.
Soren Schroder: Well, it’s early days and the details of the program are not known. That’s still I believe to be worked out over the next 12 months or so, but there seems to be a very clear commitment to improving or increasing the amount of renewable fuels in this fuel blend in Brazil. And as we all know, the car fleet in Brazil is flexed and so it makes all the sense, I would think, to an investor in sugar milling, this would be a very nice long-term positive, but it would be hard to quantify the effect of it right now, but it would definitely be something that would solidify and give courage to an investment in the business where -- in our case 60% of the production goes to ethanol.
Soren Schroder: I think it has helped. Those things have helped. The combination of a reduction in crush in Argentina really is starting I guess in October, November last year, continuing now into the first quarter, combined with better meal trade and better overall demand, both of those things have had resulted in global meal stocks coming off their peak and indeed they were significant.  We’ve built a mountain of meal during the second and third quarters last year that we have, I think, we talked about that on one of the calls that we have taken action back in August already and reducing all crush rates because none of it made any sense and subsequent, I think, others followed and that combined with better demand got things into place. I mean, we we're not assuming for a good crush story for the balance of the year that Argentina crushes a 50% throughout the entire year.  We need Argentina to crush more at some point, likely in the second quarter when their harvest comes in to full speed. So we need Argentina to produce at much higher rates than currently to not draw meal stocks down to levels that are unsustainable. So it's a combination of good demand and a bit more discipline is really what’s brought us to where we are now.
Soren Schroder: It's very difficult to tell, Heather. My view is that, last year was a very expensive lesson for the industry in Argentina and we will follow the pace of farmer pricing throughout the year and there's no economic incentive at the moment to take risk beyond that. Margins aren't good enough in Argentina to do that. So I don't think that will happen, at least not at current margins, maybe if they go to $60, who knows.
Soren Schroder: Well, what we've done is we have now separated or we are in a position to separate the business financially and therefore transact rather quickly and the options that are in front of us are several. It could be an IPO, it could be a partial sale, a full sale, a partnership. We are currently looking at several options. Very importantly, we feel that we have now three years under our belt where the milling business has been profitable, solidly profitable and even last year with all the adversity in bad weather and lower prices, we proved that we could generate a strong result and free cash flow. So we believe we've tested and stood the test of the milling business through several different environments and with three years of performance behind us and a good team, we think the business is ready for something better and we have no doubt that the outcome of that will be better than it would have been if we had done the same three or four years ago. So that's what it means.
Tom Boehlert: Yeah. Hi. Going from ’17 to ’18, we have an increase of about $20 million in crush results and milling results, plus about $5 million benefit from the competitiveness program. And that takes us to the midpoint of the range basically that we gave. The bioenergy results are basically offset by allocations, cost allocations. And so going from the sort of 35 million to 55 million in milling, half of that is roughly volume increase and so getting back to a 20 million plus -- million tons of crush and making up really for what we missed in the fourth quarter. And the rest is ethanol price, ethanol prices are up fairly significantly, sugar prices are slightly down. In terms of hedging, we typically hedge about two-thirds of our sugar and of course none of our ethanol. There is not an effective way to hedge ethanol. So, we’d look at price volatility at the moment. We're kind of maxing out on ethanol, given the relative price. And so you can kind of figure out what a sensitivity would be using those ratios with the change in ethanol and sugar price. And the improved ethanol price going into 2018 was really driving the positive price variance.
Tom Boehlert: Hi. We're still early in the program. We exceeded the in ‘17. And we have the plan in place to achieve the 100 million in ‘18. As we get into the sort of shared service activities, we'll be able to better assess what we can make more efficient in the company and any related cost savings from that. But at this point in time, I think we're comfortable with the numbers we have put out and as we move through the program, we will be looking for additional opportunities and updating you as we go.
Tom Boehlert: Yeah. The FX impacts were not really material last year. So if you look at a swing in the real, let me do it this way, a 10% change in overall FX across the board would lead to probably a $30 million to $40 million change in SG&A.
Tom Boehlert: Well, I think, having a global footprint and a presence, very, very strong presence in the primary origin, which is now Brazil is a good thing in that kind of an environment, but I really hope it doesn't happen. It's better that [indiscernible] figure out good things and the US still represents a significant part of China's over 100 million ton import needs. So you would think that somehow that would all be figured out, but there is a lot of noise and some disruptions in the supply chains coming out of the US where that's relating to foreign matter at load or discharge or non-GM, et cetera. I’d say so far, it hasn't cost big turmoil. If it persists, it should get priced into the margin. But I would expect that given the significance of the US as a supplier to China that this could be worked out. If it doesn't, we've got plenty of teams in Brazil.
Tom Boehlert: Well. The way that I guess we can try and build a bridge together, I’m doing it off the top of my head, but if the starting point is 320 and we say that we will have a recovery of roughly $100 million or so in grain origination in Brazil, based on the things we said, it could be more, we don't know yet and roughly $5 a ton on soy crush, which is what we're currently projecting, I have to say that at the current moment, if the margins we're seeing now for the next 60 days would hold, then that $5 would become much more than that, but that's what we've used. That's between 150 million and 200 million. And then you have the effect of the competitiveness program, which would be roughly 60 million. So that gets you in that sort of the upper end of the range, which is how it looks now. And could it be higher? It could. But last year, frankly, it was such a shocker to all of us in trying to predict profitability that just don't want to make the same mistake.
Tom Boehlert: Oh, the 180. I think you are including the $80 million of continuous improvement. That's all industrial improvements and supply chain logistics improvements. We are not assuming that all of that flips to the bottom line. Typically, only half of it does, but it's a guess really. So the $100 million is the combined effect of ’17 and ’17 of the competitiveness program, of which 65 will go to agribusiness and we do believe that will translate into the bottom line, but you can't take the 80.
Tom Boehlert: In ‘16, soybean meal divorced itself from everything else and ran up even more so than what we are seeing now, whilst every other ingredient collapsed in price, feed wheat was one example. Europe, I think that year had a terrible crop. So it was more extreme. You had real divorcing itself from every other feed ingredient and those were growing in abundance and diving in price. So it was a complete stretch. There is a danger that soybean yield gets ahead of itself. I mean, I'm not saying that this can go on forever. I want to also suggest that we're not there yet. The soybean meal is still well priced in formulation even after the recent run up and has a bit more room to go, other ingredients have followed to a large extent.  It’s something that we watched very carefully, but it is different and we have come out of now really since that second quarter in ’16, we have recovered from that effect, maybe last quarter was a good quarter in terms of overall soybean meal consumption, both at origin, but also in trade and we believe that as we get into the second and third quarters this year, meal trade will grow in a healthy way again, which it didn't last year. So it's a different environment and we think it's therefore more structural and should stay with us.
Tom Boehlert: That gets you back to sort of a 2016 type level, roughly $30 a ton and we believe that's the base from which we should then grow. That was really the base from our Investor Day back in December ’16. We felt that on top of that, there was $5 to $7, $8 a ton of margin improvement as capacity utilization clearly is improving and need to move to a level by which you encourage additional investment over a period of three to four years. So we’re back to the base.
Heather Jones: I have a few questions, but just really quickly what proportion of your cost savings in 2018 do you estimate will be allocated to the agribusiness segment.
Heather Jones: So that was my – so it leads to my second part of my question. If you adjust for the cost savings, your guidance and then resolving the whole take or pay issue and the rough numbers that we put around that, it seems like you are assuming even at the high end of your agribusiness guidance for ’18, a relatively modest increase in profit per ton and crush. And so I was wondering if you could help us understand, are there some negatives in ’18 that we're not aware of that will offset some of these improvements, if you could help us think about that.
Heather Jones: And then what we're seeing in crush right now, how would you, in your view, how is this different from the run up that we saw in ’16 and what gives you confidence that it has staying power.
Heather Jones: I'm glad you said that, because the way I've been looking at relative pricing, it does seem like the excess speed wheat and DDGs that we saw, those issues have resolved itself. So when you talk about the improved crush environment, you talked about slowing origin time crush and all, but do you think that increased meal inclusion and feed rations has played a major factor as well.
