Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. Looking ahead, we remain focused on executing our top strategic priorities to better serve the needs of customers, both farmers and in consumers, regardless of the market environment. Over the last several years, we’ve seen more volatility in the market, and we’re all managing through challenges, including food security, market access, and then increasing demand for sustainable food feed and fuel production. As a world’s population continues to grow, it will take a collective effort in the industry, to more efficiently address these challenges, and Bunge has an important role to play. Together with Viterra, we will be able to utilize our combined platforms and capabilities to more broadly and rapidly expand our work to support sustainable and transparent value chains. This includes promoting sustainable practices such as low carbon product streams, the acceleration of regenerative agriculture to reduce GHG emissions, and importantly, full end-to-end traceability across major crops. During the quarter, we announced the creation of a regenerative agricultural program in Brazil, in partnership with Orígeo, to support Brazilian farmers in the transition to low carbon agriculture, offering technical support tools, products, and services. The program has already enrolled large scale farmers, covering more than 250,000 hectares. We also launched a strategic alliance in commercial agreement with Nutrien Ag Solutions to support U.S. farmers in the implementation of sustainable farming practices that will help increase the development of lower carbon products. This alliance will further strengthen Bunge’s connection with farmers in the U.S. and create value for participants across all our value chains. We continue to evaluate and execute on our pipeline of bolt-on M&A opportunities as we work through the process of combining with Viterra. And overall, we’re well positioned to deliver on our purpose of connecting farmers to consumers to deliver essential and sustainable food, feed, and fuel to the world while always looking for ways to improve. And with that, we’ll turn to Q&A.
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Let me start here and John can add in if I miss anything here. Look, I think we feel good about the at least $11.75. And, we’re also trying to evaluate the landscape on what’s the size of the plus as we go forward. But if you look, the meal and oil demand drivers continue to be intact. You look globally and between pork and poultry, the numbers are stable. It looks like wheat is not going to be as competitive as it’s a little tighter. So that should help meal as far as inclusion in the rations. And just generally, food and fuel demand for oil both remain solid. So when you think about the upside rate, merchandising is always the one that’s tough to forecast. Not only the timing of it, but where within the value chain and within those opportunities are going to happen. But look, I think what we’ve seen the last four years and the challenges and again here in this last quarter that this team does a heck of a job when the opportunities there on bringing it home and executing. And so we’ll continue to focus on that. China, I think there’s still the opportunity for improved demand there with the recovery. So that’s one we’re watching. And then we’re now seeing the dislocation from the small crop in Argentina start to play out here in the second half. And we’re having to call on capacity in the rest of the world. So with that dislocation really, how will crush margins play out? So that’ll be a key to watch with a little bit possible upside there. And then lastly, I think we saw it just starting the last time we all talked was the RD capacity starting to run better, seeing a little stronger demand for oil here in the U.S. And that’s continued. So we’ll be watching closely how they run in the second half. So I think those are some of the key flags. And of course, weather is always out there. We’ve got to make this crop in North America. That’s important. And then, of course, the humanitarian corridor now closed again, making it more difficult to get those supplies out of Ukraine and creating more volatility in dislocation. Of course, the market will do its job and try to bring what it can out over land. But that situation could change, pretty, pretty rapidly. So that’s another one we continue to watch.
Gregory Heckman: Yes, a little bit of both. If you look when we came into the quarter, the team had done a pretty good job of getting us the capacity hedged out during some of the crush margins. So when things got weaker there for a period of time during the quarter, we didn’t have to participate. And then the team, I think, did a very good job on what capacity we did have open on being very patient. And what we saw in the numbers and as Argentina crush was slowing down, that we felt things had to recover. So they also did a great job with the capacity we did have open to being very patient and hedging that out late in the quarter as things were covered. We also the tail end of the soybean harvest there in South America and our origination footprint down there as you know is very good. The team did a great job. Also we not only got the benefit in the origination in an hour crushing in Brazil but of course that feeds our destination crush in Europe and in Asia and China and Vietnam. So we got the benefit as well in crushing there. And then it’s of course as we got into the the corn harvest and in Brazil right on the back of the big bean harvest we had talked about things we thought were going to be pretty stressed from a logistics storage and handling and our footprint is set up to handle that domestic demand as well as that export demand and the team did a very good job managing that not only in the bean origination but then on the exports on the corn side and the corn value chain executed very well. So it’s just real good execution across the opportunities.
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Look, the RSO and the specialty oils, specialty fats and oils team continues to do a great job serving our customers there. Over 80% of our oil still is going into the food channels even though the fuel is growing and very important to us. And I think we're benefiting from what we saw on the back of the pandemic and the supply chain challenges that we were there for our customers. And so we've grown with those key customers, and we continue to help innovate and supply them as we're seeing some of these value chains switch around with the growth in the fuel demand. I think you remember we have our new refinery that we bought from Fuji down in Louisiana that’s been a great addition here in North America continuing to serve our food customers and the teams done a great job of kind of getting that folded into our network and providing different seed and tropical oils to those customers as we bring all those food customers on and get them approved, so we’ve been excited about that. And just overall the environment in North America has remained strong. We’ve seen some channel switching right, we’ve seen a little bit of switch from packaged foods into the QR [Ph] or packaged foods from the brands maybe in the private label. And we’ve seen some switching on the food service side more into the QSR, but that’s not necessarily negative total overall volume for us in oil demand but the consumer is doing a little bit of switching, but overall demand continues to be there.
Gregory Heckman: I know I think as the industry’s come up right there hasn’t been as much pre-treatment built in the beginning. So we haven’t seen any big changes in the mix of refined versus crude. I think we’ve all talked about that going forward in the coming years we expect maybe to see some of that switch move from refined and move back to see the amount of crude growth. I mean that doesn’t mean refined will go down, but you may see the crude demand grow as pre-treatment comes in but the demand for oil overall increased. But I think that’s we’re looking out 24 and beyond don’t really see any big switch here in 23. I don’t think in our book.
Gregory Heckman: Yes, well, I think in the second quarter, of course, we had the last of the Brazilian harvest, right? The origination there. And I think the focus really here in the second half comes to Argentina where you had to crop that was, 44 million tons in 2022 and here in 2023 it’s probably in the low 20s. And so we’re going to really feel that that crush missing in Argentina, that export of meal and oil. So that will be the key how that plays out here for the balance of Q3 and Q4. And then continuing to make the crop in North America and seeing the, the bean crop come in for Q4 to support the crush margins there in the U.S. And the other is, it looks like, some of the global demand and primarily demand to China being filled by South America that keeps the beans home in the U.S., which is probably constructive to crush there. So those are, be some of the key things to watch as well.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. We love our partnership with Chevron. It has -- we’re just at the beginning of that relationship. But we’re very like-minded about each leveraging our strengths individually as well as collectively. And I think that’s an example of an opportunity that we identified to invest in another novel seed that could create a low CI feedstock for, as you say, not only renewable diesel, but maybe long-term sustainable aviation fuel. And so you’ll see us continue to look for those opportunities, not just in North America, but globally, as shown by the Argentine investment, to do things that meet the needs of the marketplace because we can serve both food and fuel. The market will work. There will continue to be innovation. And we’re just really pleased to have a partner like Chevron to look at a number of these opportunities with.
Gregory Heckman: Well, I think some of it how the farmer marketing responded. We saw some weather concerns. You saw the markets rally on those weather concerns, and that created an opportunity for the producer to market somewhere of their crop. So that made the beans available here even though we’re in the old crop. And then, of course, the mill and oil demand has hung in there. As we talked about, the animal numbers are still there. Animal profitability has improved a little bit. And then on the oil side, the food demand, why we’re seeing channel switching, the food demand has hung in there and the energy demand is growing, so just a good demand environment.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Brazil has been pretty good until recently. So I think we’re encouraged as we see less pressure from Argentina here in the second half. Look, we’ve got an election coming up and devaluation is possible. But we really are starting to feel the shortage of beans there in Argentina, and we’re not going to feel it just in Brazil, but overall. So I think we’re encouraged for Q4. But the global system, it will be more than just Brazil has got to step up. We got lower energy costs in Europe, and there’ll be less pressure from being an oil exports out of Argentina in Europe as well. So I think it’s an encouraging setup.
Gregory Heckman: Yes, it was definitely helped contribute there in Q2. And then, of course, we saw some of the demand shift to Brazil from the U.S. as that as that corn crop was harvested and the markets adjusted. That, of course, is in our forecast for the book that we’ve got on and what we expect from execution is in our forecast for the second half, although as always with merchandising, we’re forecasting what we can see. And as things shift around, there could be some continued upside that the team will take advantage of as we get other dislocations. And as things play out in the Ukraine as well and as we get the final development of what’s the size of that U.S. crop going to be.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. It’s definitely the Asian demand in general. And as a reminder, one of the great things about our team, we’ve got a lot of capillarity and granularity in our meal distribution and merchandising. Today, we market more meal than we produce. We actually have to buy market in from the market to serve our customers. So we’re excited about that investment out of Longview to add meal handling capacity. So we’re going to be able to handle more. It also makes us more efficient, which will help serve those end customers and also provide a market as some of the additional crush comes on here in the U.S and where already, we talked about the Destrehan, where we’ll be expanding with our Chevron JV. Our crush there will have swing to soft. But we’re -- if you remember right, we’re right there at New Orleans. So again able to export that meal and so this is kind of a parallel investment if you think about it in the P&W to get that meal that naturally flows off the West into those Asian demand markets.
Gregory Heckman: I think we’re always managing the volatility and the dislocation, the things that went into our thought were; one, there was probably some of that earnings that fell in Q2. There might have been a little bit of timing from Q3. So that’s maybe why 100% of that didn’t transfer into the year. And then look, you can have two extreme of volatility, right? This humanitarian corridor getting that supply out of Ukraine efficiently, not only the volume, but what it costs and the effect that has on the other origins in the world market to feed demand. You still got the weather situation playing out in North America, what will that supply be on the corn and the bean side. And then, of course, just the overall how the China demand continue to develop. And then you’ve got Argentina with the election cycle with a possible devaluation. So when I said that if you look at it from a macroeconomic as well as the geopolitical standpoint, I don’t think we’ve probably ever seen quite as complex environment, and then you can go ahead and throw interest rates and the effect on FX and how that can affect exports as well. It’s a pretty interesting dynamic environment. We’re really glad that we’ve got this great global footprint to operate from. And the great team that’s running it. And I think that’s what we’ve shown that whatever the challenge the team has been doing a great job of delivering. But there’s definitely a few uncertainties here in the second half.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think John pretty much covered it. Just the one thing you asked from an environment. We’re definitely -- the complexity that we’ve spoken to is definitely for everyone, as well as you’ve got the highest interest rate environment than anyone has seen for a long time. And so that is creating some opportunities on the bolt-on M&A and things to look at. But as John said, Viterra is absolutely our number one priority, and we won’t let anything get in the way of that.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think the demand historically, right, oil has kind of been the laggard and meal in North America and Meal has been the driver for a long time. And with this switch and additional demand from energy now, biofuels in general, but renewable diesel specifically, we’re now seeing oil carry a higher share and we kind of think that is there to -- that’s there to stay. But the market is going to do its work as that crop comes on. And the global market, we’re already seeing, it will probably be more fed that demand from South American beans where more of the U.S. beans will probably stay at home, and that will help balance the crush and the demand for the meal and the oil.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Look, I’m really proud of the team being very thoughtful, right on the earnings at risk in the assets. And that’s not only the crushing, but the milling as well as our export assets. And when those margins are there, and we’re constantly evaluating this, not only the public information, but our proprietary information and looking at the S&Ds. And you’re right, there is more liquidity close in than there is further out. But when those margins are there, we’ll hedge them out. And I feel like the team is very focused on managing our risk, and we continue to stay focused. It depends on our earnings power, and it also depends on the environment that we’re operating in. And we always push everything through those two lenses. So real proud of the team staying absolutely focused on managing the risk in these assets.
Gregory Heckman: Yes, the animal numbers have continued to hold up despite there being some margin compression there. The customers have been very spot. And I think one of our team talked about the margins that are being like an accordion. They’re kind of up and down. But the way we’re set up over there and support that business, the team is very agile. And so we’ve been able to lock those margins when they are there. From a demand standpoint, we think there continues to be some additional growth. I think our kind of anecdotal, what our team on the ground sees is the domestic demand is kind of back. What we’re really lacking are the places that we serve that are more tourists or business travellers and the traffic there still we’re seeing as down, although the domestic traffic is up. So that’s where the upside would have to come from.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I’ll maybe talk to the macro, and maybe John will drill in a little bit. But I think it -- you’re exactly right. It is a competitive advantage for us. We are a nonbank lender, the relationship that we have with our origination customers as well as our consuming customers, right? Their facilities don’t move. Our facilities don’t move. These are long-term relationships, and we want to help them be successful. The other thing is if you look at the last few years with some of the commodity finance things that have happened in the market, the banks have backed off on some of the commodity financing and then with higher interest rates and tighter credit from a competitive standpoint, there aren’t as many alternatives for people. So we do play that role as one of the services, whether it’s with some of our minority investments with our resellers, if it’s with our long-term origination farmer partners or even our end users. So our balance sheet, and John and team do a great job of protecting that and ensuring that we’ve got the liquidity to operate because in this business, it’s very different than an industrial business. The working capital is, it’s like electricity. It is a bit the blood in the veins of this business, and it’s an important thing. And that’s why we focus on ROIC and the team is constantly focused on making sure they do get a return on that working capital.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. No, we’re always not only originating for our in-country demand, but were those markets that destination markets, right, out of Brazil where we’re serving Europe and our Asian markets in China and Vietnam. So our ability to provide that liquidity and even like 24, we haven’t seen much marketing on the farmers yet, but when they’re there, we have the capacity to be there when they want to go to market and when they want to hedge their risk. So we want to stay focused on helping our customers, not only in consumers, but our customer, the farmer be successful, manage their risk in this environment and help them accomplish their profitability goals and their growth.
Gregory Heckman: So yes, we’re early on. I think we talked about we just filed the proxy, and we are doing the regulatory filings. So early on in the process. But we continue to engage, and the asset bases are very highly complementary. So we look forward to engaging on the facts.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, everyone, for your interest in Bunge. We’re really excited about where we’re at in the stage of the company and the path of growth that we’re on, and we look forward to speaking with you next time. Have a great week.
John Neppl: Yes, Ben, I’d also add that coming into Q3; we were fairly covered in terms of crush. So upside, if there’s upside in crush, it’s more likely to come in Q4, where we’re a lot more open in terms of our capacity. And margins are pretty weak in Brazil right now. And so we’ll keep an eye on that as well. Any improvement there obviously is going to be helpful.
John Neppl: Yes, I think when you, Ben, this is John, when you look forward, and one of the things we’ve done is modeled kind of the look based on RVO thresholds, it’s still things are pretty tight going forward, based on what’s been announced in terms of crush capacity, and what’s going to be needed in terms of feedstock. What I would consider fairly modest capacity utilization numbers in the RD industry, things are still going to be very tight. So we feel pretty good about where it’s headed. We obviously do a lot of business in the energy space and feel good about and feel good about the volume increase that we’re seeing and the commitment to that. And, and so we’re still bullish.
John Neppl: Sure. Ben, I can take that. Yes in terms of the, in terms of the long range forecast, our forecast is there’s principally what we rolled out a year ago in our strategic financial model in terms of getting to the $12 a share by 2026, the $11 to $12, the 11 plus the upside, probably into ‘26 and ‘27. So very much the basis of our forecast was driven off of that same, the same outlook, and we still feel like that’s largely intact. And so we didn’t have to do a lot of recreation to, to develop this forward numbers we already had them, and obviously tweaked those a little bit here and there but largely right on track. With respect to Viterra, they don’t, they don’t do, they didn’t have a forward forecast, they don’t do one. So we, we did put something together that we felt was a pretty good indication of baseline for them over the next several years, and obviously, our goal would be to outperform, outperform that as we move forward. In terms of the synergies, we had, we had disclosed 250 million at the time we made the announcement, that was focused solely on cost. In the proxy, we also included about $80 million of what we would call kind of operating synergies so things around logistics and procurement and things that weren’t purely cost-related, but where we, we saw some opportunity from an operational standpoint, but none of that includes what we, what we consider commercial synergies, the way we’re going to operate going forward and the opportunity that combined company is going to have from a commercial standpoint transaction standpoint. So still, a bigger number than what we used in our modeling and what we used in the announcement and what we used in our original accretion calculation, but still not including the upside that we see in the commercial side going forward.
John Neppl: Yes. I would say to Manav, I’d add on top of that, that SAF absolutely is a long-term focus. And I think a lot of what we’re doing today with Chevron on the renewable diesel side will very much support a transition to SAF over time as they look to do that. We’ll be right here providing the necessary feedstock, both soybean oil and more and more low CI feedstocks as well.
John Neppl: Yes. I think on top of that, Adam, we have really good strong farm origination in Q2. And since then that has slowed down a bit, and we’ll see how it transpires as we go through the balance of the year, whether liquidity will be there or not in Q4. And to Greg’s point earlier, soybean oil is a little heavy in Brazil right now. But demand to B12, we’ll see how that plays out the balance of the year. But certainly an area where things line up, there could be some upside.
John Neppl: Yes. And I think Tom, given how we came into the quarter coming into Q3 with quite a bit of our crush locked in Q3, probably won’t get the upside maybe if the market tightens and crush margins move up. Of course, Q4 is fairly open, but that’s been where there’s been the least amount of liquidity. And Brazil is still not super strong there. But again, areas where we take the curves and then if things improve, it’s going to provide us some upside.
John Neppl: Yes, we’re weighted a little more towards fourth quarter today. So just the way we put the forecast in today, it’s already weighted a bit to Q4 just given what we know about Q3 and what we see. It’s probably close to 40, 60, maybe low 40s, high 50s between Q3 and Q4 is kind of how we think about it.
John Neppl: Yes, Andrew, I can start, and Greg can pop in here. Look I think yes, last year we were a little closer to 50-50. We were weighted still a little bit more toward the first half of the year. But every year is different. I think the dynamics are we feel really good about the first half that we had, and it’s really probably more an indication of uncertainty in the second half than it is any sort of an unusual trend of earnings between first half, second half. I think just looking at, as Greg alluded to the geopolitical uncertainty, crops playing out, weaker forward curves in some parts of the world that we’re hoping firm up. That’s just kind of how things look today. But I think I wouldn’t point to or I don’t know that we can point to any shift sort of in the global market that caused us to earn more in the first half other than to Greg’s point, we pulled a little bit probably forward just given the strong origination results in Brazil and how that impacted our crush in Europe and China. But we’ll see. I think that we hope to have some upside, and we’ll keep watching things.
John Neppl: Yes. I would say -- I’ll start and then Greg can hop in here. But I would say our capital, our CapEx pipeline, our growth capital is still pretty much on track in terms of timing. It is going to be 2025, 2026 as we start to realize those projects, a lot of them are big multiyear builds, but we still feel very good about those. We’re constantly challenging our assumptions and our view of those projects and still feel very good about what we have in the pipeline. In terms of the M&A side, obviously, our number one priority is Viterra, getting ready for Viterra on the integration planning side and thinking about how the organizations are going to run together. We’re doing some preplanning on our side, getting ready for that. That’s our number one priority. But at the same time, we’re still finding a good pipeline of smaller bolt-on M&A things. And as we said before, that hasn’t changed our view of the CapEx and growth pipeline on the smaller bolt-on M&A. Viterra is going to be additive to that. So we continue to be active there. There’s a lot of things going on, maybe not all of them actionable. But certainly, we continue to be pretty busy on that front as well.
John Neppl: Sam, I’d just add that we talk about the coverage in general terms. But obviously, it’s by geography. So by value chain is how we see the opportunity. So it can vary between value chains. So the U.S. versus South America versus Europe or destination crush in China. Coverage can vary depending on how we see the market going forward or how we see the forward curve. So -- but all in all, to Greg’s point, I think we’ve been -- the team has done a great job of taking the opportunities when they’re there. Liquidity sometimes can be a constraint. But generally speaking, I think the discipline that we practice in the organization has shown to be very successful.
John Neppl: Yes. I would just add, Rob, that as we’ve strengthened our credit profile over the last couple of years, the industry, it’s helped us from an advantage standpoint because the industry and the market structure is ultimately going to be on average interest rates. And to the extent that we can borrow money cheaper than others, it should and does give us somewhat of an advantage in terms of being able to fund the RMI that Greg talked about and as well provide the financing to the producers with the appropriate spread on it. And ultimately, we feel like through the Viterra acquisition, obviously, we’ve -- that’s been -- that’s also viewed as very credit positive for us. So again, should extend that advantage that we have in the market to borrow money cheaper and maintain that liquidity that we need.
