Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann. And good morning, everyone. We'll start things off on slide three with the agenda for today's call today. Today, I'll provide a high-level overview of our quarterly results and then cover the progress we're making against our key priorities, which as expected resulted in a bit of noise in our reported results. I'll then give you an overview of our outlook for the rest of the year before handing it over to John who will give you more detail around the financials. We'll then open up the line for your questions.  Let's turn to slide four. Excluding notable items which were largely the accounting charges related to portfolio restructuring and our headquarters move, our core business performed ahead of our expectations for the quarter despite the uncertain and deteriorating market conditions impacting our industry. In Agribusiness, crush margins declined during the quarter, especially near the end of the period and our grain business was impacted by ongoing trade issues and a delayed US harvest. Nevertheless, our team did a great job in mitigating those challenges and our results were positively impacted by our risk management actions. Results in Edible Oils were strong, reflecting favorable industry dynamics and good execution.  As I noted, a lot of the noise in our results this quarter is connected to the strategic actions we are taking. In July, we announced our agreement with BP to contribute our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy business to a new 50-50 joint venture. As a result of this, we've reclassified that business as held for sale and taken the expected $1.6 billion charge we discussed on our last call. We remain very excited about the transaction and our new partnership with BP. It checks the boxes across all of our strategic criteria, reducing our exposure to Brazilian sugar and bioenergy, allowing us to strengthen our balance sheet and, importantly, enabling us to increase our focus on our core businesses. We're on track to close the transaction before year-end as planned. Also, in the third quarter, we took a big step forward in our work to streamline our global business structure, with the announcement that we're moving our global headquarters to St. Louis where our North American headquarters is already located. This move will allow us to better align with our commercial teams and drive additional efficiencies, with cost reductions as an additional output. Although we were happy with our execution third quarter, underlying market conditions and forward curves have continued to be very challenging and we expect the fourth quarter to reflect those weaker conditions. Consistent with how we've been talking about flat earnings year-over-year, which excludes notable items, the impact of our investment in Beyond Meat and the benefit of approximately $70 million of lower sugar depreciation, we now expect the gap versus 2018 of between $0.15 and $0.20 a share. The markets are being driven largely by the macro factors that we've discussed on our past calls. African swine fever continues to impact demand for soy meal. And along with the US-China trade situation, both typical trade flows and producer marketing patterns have been and continue to be distorted.  We'll continue to monitor these factors. And as we did in our third quarter, utilize our global footprint to navigate the environment in the best possible manner, while also implementing our internal changes. I'll now turn the call over to John to go through the numbers in greater detail.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. As you can see, the third quarter demonstrates what's so important that we take the steps to execute our strategic priorities of driving operational performance, optimizing our portfolio and doing it all with more financial discipline. Increased accountability, speed of decision-making, cost discipline and making sure we're leveraging our global platform to stay close to our customers and adapt to changing market dynamics are critical in this uncertain environment and a core part of our focus on delivering growth and increased returns to shareholders. And before closing, I want to say I'm especially proud of the team here at Bunge. They executed very well during this volatile quarter, while successfully managing significant changes in our business, the additional work we have underway to evolve our operating model and the move to St. Louis. We're making great progress, but we've still got a lot of work to do and I look forward to sharing more with you as we continue to execute. And with that, we'll open the call to questions.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, Ben. I think one example is just even this quarter. I don't know that we could see a much more difficult environment than we've seen. You can stack ASF, the on-again off-again trade war, the late harvest in the US and then the Argentinian elections, and I couldn't really be more pleased with the amount of change we're driving through the organization and that the team continue to execute very, very well. The other key thing that we'll be seeing, of course, is continuing to put those changes in place as we move towards 2020 and as we begin to talk about what to expect there at the end of the next quarter.
Gregory Heckman: Okay. On ASF, I think the view publicly continues to be about 40% of the Chinese herd liquidated in a – I believe we spoke to that affecting bean demand versus export demand. And then, of course, we've see the re-rebalancing around the world as demand has – soybean meal demand is moving as things are starting to move – to figure out how to fill that hole in the protein demand in China. But we still continue to be thinking that we're not going to see the tiny positive tailwinds of that until the second half of 2020 and beyond.
Gregory Heckman: Let me take a quick cut. What we're trying to do, when we gave the guidance for the full year, we talked about it being flat versus prior year, and then we had reaffirmed that on our last two calls. So, when we gave that flat year-over-year originally and then confirmed it, we hadn't planned on the positive benefit that we're going to enjoy from Beyond and we hadn't planned on the positive benefit that we're going to enjoy from the change in depreciation on the sugar deal. So, rather than count those and declare victory and being higher year-over-year, we're trying to stay on the same basis and stay on the operating basis of where we called it to be flat. Taking Beyond out and taking out the benefit of the depreciation, we're saying we're going to be off on the full year $0.15 to $0.20 on an EPS, on how we've been talking to you all year. Now that being said, we've got two months to go. As grim as the forward curve has looked today, we're not giving up. The team is going to make all we can as we continue to execute here for the balance of the year and do all we can to close that $0.15 to $0.20 gap, and that's ex the benefit of Beyond and the benefit of the depreciation.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah. And then Beyond, because Beyond is – a lot of that gain is not taxable. Well, that gain really isn't taxable at all. Almost they'll let go straight through. So, we're looking at roughly a $0.60 potential impact to EPS excluding that. And those items are excluded from the numbers he's talking about.
Gregory Heckman: Agree. Yeah, it is the change in the environment, on the things we can't control. So, it's primarily the change in crush margins to what we originally expected. The things that we can't control, been very pleased with the team on the execution around how we're running our facilities year-over-year, on how we're managing the risk throughout the global network and even on some of the gains we're making with key customers in some of the focused parts of our portfolio. So, happy with the execution on the things we can't control.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, let me start with Edible Oils. Let me start with the last part first. Yeah, we believe that the supply/demand balance on edible oils has improved and kind of expect that to continue to improve, especially in the soft oils as we go into 2020. Some of that's biodiesel. Some of that's just a little bit better demand and a little better supply/demand balance, as with these margins we've definitely seen crush slow in some areas.  And then also, the team has done a really good job managing the balance between our B2C and our B2B business in balancing our refineries and just very good execution as well as our palm supply chain.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, we're very pleased with how Brian Zachman and the commercial team is working closely with Robert Wagner and the risk control team. We continue to improve systems, processes, visibility, stress testing and we'll never be done. That's a system of continuous improvement. We're never going to be happy, but we continue to make progress and very pleased how the teams are working together to manage their earnings at risk in our installed asset base here, while managing it – helping our customers at both ends of the supply chain manage their risk. But keeping in mind what the appropriate amount of risk for Bunge is based on our earnings power and based on the environment that we're operating in.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, we're sure going to try to maintain all of the improvements that we've made on execution. I can't predict the environment, the margin environment that we're going to see. But I am pleased with the progress we've made and how we're organizing the business, the changes we've made in leadership, how the team is working across what used to be multiple P&L lines, but able to make decisions faster and work more quickly with a focus on Bunge overall, on one Bunge P&L. So, we're going to hang on to all the improvement we can go where we could control things. That being said, the marketplace will ultimately drive industry margins. What we want to do is perform better than the rest.
Gregory Heckman: Well, look, we're in the process currently of putting our 2020 business plan together. And we can only plan with the world as it is. So, we'll provide as much clarity as we can as we get to Q4, but I think you've called out all the flags right and you've got ASF. And we'd like to think that we'll start to see some demand as we've talked in the second half. We've got the trade war which is starting to show some signs of working toward a resolution which would bring a lot of clarity for not only the farmers in North and South America, but the consumers as well.  We talked about the oil. These look good and we've got some stronger biodiesel demand coming on which should support that. So, that looks like a positive going into 2020. And then, I think the thing we feel best about around the things we can control is we're getting our business organized right, with people in the right places and our priorities right, and so we will step into 2020 running a better portfolio and organized in a better manner and feel good about being able to take advantage of what opportunities we get.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Since the last time we were together, we've seen the soy crush margins down double digits really everywhere. Soft crush has remained okay, but, of course, that's a smaller part of the portfolio. That has been driven, as you say, by the trade war kind of on-again, off-again, which if you want to be optimistic as a producer, you're going to wait for what you think has to happen to get you the best prices, and so that has definitely slowed producer marketing in both hemispheres, as well we talked about on the uncertainty that the Argentinean producer has been dealing with with the changes in leadership there. The kind of on-again/off-again trade war has kind of been the worst of both worlds, with the market starting to adjust as if the trade war is over when it's not over. So, it's been about as confusing an environment as we could see. And I think that, as we look towards 2020, it would be hard to imagine probably a more challenging or confusing environment than we've seen in the last 30 days or last 60 plus days in kind of what we are predicting to have to manage through here in Q4, but we believe that will begin to sort itself out in 2020. 
Gregory Heckman: Yeah. There is no specifics announced yet. I think what we know from history, there'll be some capital controls that are going to be disruptive and they will impact not only farmer selling, but they'll impact the crush industry and, of course, that Argentinean crush can have a big impact on the global crush. So, we're watching that very closely. I guess the good news, if there is, is that Bunge has decades of experience there. We've got a very experienced team that has seen this more than once and will do the best job managing through that for our customers and our shareholders and are on it and analyzing, prepared to do that.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah. We've had a – there's a little bit overcapacity in that marketplace. We've seen customer switching and that has led us to lower volumes. And with the lower volume, we get some higher fixed costs. We've made a number of changes down there. We're making changes in how we're operating our footprint and leadership to address that. So, we expect to see some improvements in 2020, but it has hurt us this year.
Gregory Heckman: I think the market's proven with the amount of commercial storage, amount of on-farm storage and the ingenuity of some of the temporary storage that now exists, no one has to sell anything. But if you believe that history is any guide, as that crop continues to come in and is known and then we get some clarity around the trade war, we've got to believe there'll be more marketing. Harvest is about 20% – a little over 20% behind the five-year average. So, that's definitely weighed into that. When you add that and the trade war uncertainty, it's definitely pushed things back.
Gregory Heckman: Not a lot, but enough that you saw we chewed through the $70 million of positive mark-to-market from last period – or from last quarter and then had new mark-to-market on what we had hedged of roughly $95 million, and so we were able to offset the $70 million and have $25 million of positive mark-to-market in the quarter. So, that being said, when the market's given us the opportunity to hedge our margins, we've done that and we'll continue to do that globally.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, we've seen some pickup there as we talk to some of the slower selling. It was probably more focused on US and Argentina.
Gregory Heckman: I think that's why we've seen some of the tightness in oil. As things have slowed up, it's tightened things up in oil. So, I believe – the one thing I've probably seen in my 35 plus years is the economics will work, the market will eventually work, sometimes it takes longer than it should, but we're getting all the signals.
