Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Before opening the call to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. As John and I noted, we expect a strong close to 2021 driven by Agribusiness and Refined & Specialty Oils. Looking ahead, we expect favorable market conditions to continue and we are confident in our ability to capture the upside from opportunities while minimizing the downside. Based on what we can see right now, we would expect EPS to be well above our baseline for the next couple of years, driven by higher than baseline assumptions for Refined & Specialty Oils and softseed crushing. And we will continue to deploy cash we generate to create value by investing in growth projects with strong returns and returning capital to shareholders. In closing, we are very pleased with our team’s strong performance and our revised outlook. In today’s environment, we are right where we need to be, a key participant in the global food and agricultural network. We are excited about our role in the accelerating shift in demand for sustainable food, feed and fuel and the growth we have ahead of us. We will now open the line for your questions.
Greg Heckman: Okay. A lot there, Ben. But yes, let me start by just a quick reminder. Remember, that was an earnings framework. And when we first put it out right, early in the turnaround and we were right at the front end of COVID. So once we had a good understanding of kind of how the environment was improving, our new operating model, how that was working, then we updated that framework, so as you just referenced. So what we’ve now reflected – remember, the framework is an ability to look at kind of average margins on the soy crush, the soft crush as well as our specialty and edible oils business. So what we see coming in the next couple of years, as we talked about, so one, we continue to see the focus and the talent of this team to continue to operate. We see the stronger demand from refined fuel. I think we see the long-term kind of the lack of capital that has been invested in this industry. And we see that the Refined & Specialty Oils, we expect that run rate that we see here in Q3 based on the demand from foodservice and refining to carry through 2022. So we think that roughly $150 million a quarter is a pretty good run rate, maybe a little less, a little more each quarter, but we think that, that will be a pretty good ratable for 2022. So that, of course, will be above that baseline earnings. And then with the demand as well around renewable diesel and refined fuels overall, continued support for softseed crushing kind of driven by the oil side of that. And so we expect those to be above our baseline earnings as well. And then as far as the speed of growth, I mean, we are absolutely focused as the transformation is done. We’ve turned the resources to focus on the growth. We will continue to do the organic things, right, a number of debottlenecking projects already underway. And we – the timing of doing growth is at the right time when the numbers are right and that allows – we let the numbers drive the investment. But we’ve got the balance sheet now where it needs to be. And I think we’ve shown that we can execute. And so we’ve earned that right to grow. And with the – with kind of the changing landscape between – as you think about the growth, right, we continue to grow our leading global crushing business and, of course, the origination and distribution that supports that as well as our other associated grain processing businesses to serve the producer. We’ve got our specialty and refined oils business really hitting on all cylinders right now and position and looking not only through organic growth, but where we have some opportunity for bolt-on acquisitions. And then, of course, the trend in plant proteins is right in the sweet spot of not only supporting growth in our plant lipids business, but in our developing plant protein business. And that will be a multiyear build, but absolutely excited about that trend that’s in place. And then, of course, on the renewable fuels and renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel and the changes that are happening there. So just there is a lot of levers to pull for growth. And so we can be very thoughtful and as I said, let the numbers drive our decisions.
Greg Heckman: Well, part of it is the timing, right? I mean part of the performance here in Q3 was the timing of what we did have open on crush. People definitely not extended out as far. And we crush – last time we were together, crush margins were definitely depressed. And as we saw that rally, we were able to benefit from that this quarter, but we were also hedging Q4 then as people are going out farther on the curve. So we definitely caught part of this last move, but not all of it as we’ve hedged Q4 out. And we like the momentum and where that’s carrying into Q1. And we can see that, and that’s why we feel good about getting off to a very good start here in 2022.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think the way we look at the framework is the same. I think what we’ve seen change are the continued strength from the recovery of COVID around Refined & Specialty Oils from the foodservice side, what we’ve seen with the continued demand being added from the renewable diesel sector, what it’s going to take here in multi years to do the work to build some of the supply that’s going to be needed. And just the overall operating environment, has become clear and made it confident for us to look out and say, look, above where the baseline model is, Refined & Specialty Oils are going to outperform that. Softseed crush is going to outperform that, because that framework is built around averages. So some of it’s our ability to continue to execute in a really tough environment, right? It’s – we’re suffering from the same challenges around labor and wages and energy inflation and the back end of COVID here. So the confidence in the team to stay focused and really drive the big earnings engine here while we’re continuing to work on the growth opportunities. So it’s definitely environment externally, but internally, it’s also as we continue to get reps here with our eighth straight quarter of improved results.
Greg Heckman: Well, it’s really like all the investments we do in our Bunge Ventures, I mean we kind of use that as an innovation platform as a knowledge building platform where we’re looking at things that could enhance our stickiness with how we work with customers that could lower our costs. It could be new technologies to enhance our business, or frankly, it could be new technologies that could be a threat to our business. And so we make investments based on the company themselves and how it fits with the knowledge that we want to continue to earn, whether we do business, that’s a separate decision. That’s at armed length, whether we have a commercial relationship depending on the products and services that, that company does. And so some of our Bunge Ventures portfolio companies, we do business with because it makes sense and some are pure investments. We do do a little bit of business with Benson Hill.
Greg Heckman: Well, we continue to make investments in our corn milling business here in the U.S. to serve customers, and in South America as well. We started another mill back up here last year and continue to make investments there. But it’s really working with customers. It’s where we’ve got the connection to our supply chain network, where we’ve got crossover with customers with our specialty and refined oils business and where we think we’ve got the scale to be relevant to customers in the connection to have an edge to win long-term. So you’ll see us leverage around our strengths.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think we – what we’ve looked at, we called the refined out because that one is a little more ratable and it’s the big moving number as I know you guys are trying to think about in 2022. We’re carrying good momentum in Q1 in both soft and soy. We can see that and then, of course, not as much visibility out to the balance of the year. But just kind of when we look at the S&Ds around the soft and what we expect, we expect that to perform above baseline. We didn’t really quantify it, but we’re definitely comfortable that it will contribute above baseline. So that’s why we wanted to call it out as well.
Greg Heckman: No, it’s just lack of visibility. I think from the macros, we’re fairly constructive with what we’re carrying into Q1. And then we will see how things develop and how things develop in crops in the second half, definitely looks like we’re probably going to have build some stocks in oil seeds, and that should actually be good from an environment. But a lot’s got to happen yet on getting things planned and seeing weather develop and so on.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Energy, we think about as another input, right, just like oilseeds, it’s one of the costs into COGS. And so it’s part of the risk management as we’re trying to manage the risk in our assets. We’ve definitely seen, I think, more kind of violent moves in those as we’ve seen. Normally, those are part of what goes into the crush margin as we’re pricing. And so those will get passed along. Of course, when you see moves like we’ve seen here, sometimes depending on the region, it may take a little longer to get those passed along. But the other thing we have is with the global footprint, then we will pull back crush if margins get squeezed by the energies. We will pull crush back in that region, and we can run harder in another region. So again, that’s one of the things about the global network that’s very helpful. So it’s just another one of those things around another dislocation and disruption that we have to manage.
Greg Heckman: Absolutely not. One of the things about our philosophy, we said all along, right, is to manage the risk appropriate for the earnings power of the company and the environment that we operate within. And that is as our risk teams and our commercial teams work hand in glove, assessing the dynamic environments that we’re in and looking at the earnings at risk out in the forwards of our assets. And as we’ve said, those earnings are just at risk until we can book the oil seeds and book the energy and sell the oil and sell the meal in our crushing or the same hedging, the inputs and outsets in our grain processing or in our distribution assets. So I think what – the big thing that’s changed is we’re operating as One Bunge and we are using our information as one company to execute better for our customers. We’re using our global network to flex in a time where dislocation has kind of become the norm with almost less globalization and more regionalization. And quite frankly, there is still a lot of embedded optionality in tens of thousands of customers and millions of tons of physical flows and the liquidity in those physical flows for us to manage the risk for ourselves and our customers. And it exists when you act like one big global company and you run that business in a very disciplined way.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Yes, it looks like bean planning is off to a record start down in Brazil. I think we are getting close to 50% planted. And we are seeing, I think right now, estimates are expected for there to be bigger soy crops in the U.S., Argentina and Brazil. And I would say in the strong demand environment we have got, right, you have got palm continuing to have problems on the supply side and just globally oils, not only from the renewable diesel and renewable fuels demand side, but now with palm a little bit of a supply. So, oil continues to remain strong. We continue to see what we expect to be some growth in meal demand next year. So, that is a more favorable operating environment. Now as I said, the crops have got to get grown and the weather has got to show up and how the farmer markets and everything has to develop. But net-net feels pretty good. I think that’s why even though we are not calling out all the specifics is why we say we feel that we can be well above the earnings framework here for the next couple of years.
Greg Heckman: Let me start and I will hand over to John. The one thing is that the main – about the only time we talk about that threshold on ROIC is quarterly with you all because we have the teams focused on competing for working capital based on how their returns on competing for risk capital based on how their return on invested capital and how their AROIC, where we are looking at how effective we are in working capital. So, we are constantly driving to get the best return possible, not kind of just jump over the hurdle. We needed that framework when we were talking to investors. But frankly, we are driving and competing against always trying to improve the lowest returning internally and to grow the businesses that are the highest returning.
Greg Heckman: First, it has not changed our view long-term on that. I mean our plan is to still exit the business. We are certainly happy with the current performance. It makes it a lot easier to hold it until we find the right buyer. But we are actively in that process. And it takes time, obviously, to get the right counterparties and the right structure. But we are actively looking at it today and our goal would be to get that done as soon as we can. But at the same time, we want to balance speed with value. But certainly, I think we think that, that business is worth a lot more today than it was a year or 2 years ago. And so we are optimistic that we will get something done.
Greg Heckman: Yes, the energy – the higher energy prices in total actually are supportive for demand for renewable fuels. And it looks like, I think we are in a situation here for a while where we believe there will be higher crude and higher energy prices here for a few years as we kind of work through the transition, a lower carbon energy footprint. And we do think that, that will be net friendly. And as far as the corn versus soy acres, yes, there is no doubt that the market is sending the signal on oil seeds, but I think it’s more than just corn versus soy. We will have to watch wheat as well and the other oilseeds to kind of see the fight for acres. And that one hasn’t played out yet, but that will be a real interesting point here over the next few years as the market is sending the signals for us to build some additional capacity and additional acres and/or production per acre to serve the demand.
Greg Heckman: Yes. So, as we think about global crush capacity, a couple of things. One, of course, we are always watching it closely. And I think if you remember all the way back, maybe Investor Day, and we talked about we need some additional global crush capacity, right, whether it’s a weather problem, a government problem. Now we have seen an energy problem curtailing some run time in China in that to get that balance right. I think what’s interesting this year when we saw Argentina run harder through the first half than they did prior year, and margins stayed good globally. And I think that tells us something as well – and then as they didn’t run as hard later in Q3, and then we saw global margins then rebound again. So, there is – we are definitely – we are tracking all the projects that are announced, and then we will actually track all the projects that actually get built. We don’t think they will be exactly the same. And look with what it takes to permit and order projects and order equipment and get the labor in place, that extra crush coming in or watch, it’s out there 2.5 years, 3 years before it starts making a real difference. We are – we continue to look at where we are going to put our expansions. And of course, we announced the expansion we are going to have will be on the water, and that allows us to not only serve the domestic market with meal, but to be able to export to get to the world market. And so as we make expansions in our own footprint, we want to be very, very thoughtful about as energy goes through this transition in the next 10 years to 15 years, which they feel renewable feedstocks are a big part of, that we also have the right lowest cost footprint for the long-term. And so that’s why we continue to be very thoughtful about the long-lived assets that we put in the ground.
Greg Heckman: Well, we feel comfortable enough that we have now called them all the way through ‘22 above our baseline. So, that is we are pretty confident because we are a little maybe conservative on how far we like to reach out with projections. And look, it will be – the industry will be making those decisions, right. Our industry, on how we are serving the renewable diesel industry and the renewable diesel industry making the trade-offs on, can they make a return on investment on pretreatment, and is pretreatment best built at refining, at renewable diesel production or somewhere else to gather other low CI feedstocks. And so, the one thing, this is developing very quickly. And that’s one of the things we are so excited about our relationship with Chevron. This is a JV. This is a platform that we are starting, and we are using the combined knowledge of two global industry leaders where we have got the philosophy of leveraging each other’s strengths. We are not trying to do Chevron’s expertise. They are not trying to do ours, but we are trying to bring that together everywhere from looking at the economics and understanding how the feedstocks work in the refinery, understanding what we can do with the producer around regenerative ag in the supply chain, developing other low CI feedstocks and thinking about long-term how we grow together to meet those needs and take advantage of those opportunities. So, I think the relationship and the way that we have formed that with Chevron is a little unique to some of the others in the industry. And we think it’s powerful. And we are excited about the opportunities that that’s going to generate.
Greg Heckman: No, absolutely. It’s a direct trade-off to using the refining capacity in the oilseed crushing industry.
Greg Heckman: Thanks again for joining us today, and thanks for your interest in Bunge. I want to thank the team again for continued incredible execution in what continues to be a very dynamic environment, and it just continues to demonstrate the strength of Bunge. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Everybody, have a great day.
John Neppl: Yes. And Ben, as you pointed out, the $7 baseline is our footprint as of today or as of when we put it together a few months ago. And as we grow, as we have an opportunity to invest in good projects and the landscape changes, we will continually update that. Well, I should say, on a periodic basis as material things change.
John Neppl: And I think, Luke, it’s important that the $7 was never intended to be a forecast or what we felt like the necessarily the earnings power would be of the company in any given environment. It was based on, as Greg called it a framework, based on average historical, what we kind of call mid-cycle margin structure the company should be able to hit $7 a share. But obviously, in the environment we’re in today, we’re performing substantially above that because a lot of the assumptions we made in that model, we’re exceeding those today. And as well as we go forward and have an opportunity to invest some of this excess cash flow, we hope to be able to update that model over time to a higher number.
John Neppl: Yes. It’s – I don’t have the exact number in front of me on the baseline, but it’s considerably above what we had in the $7 baseline, driven really by the refining margins in that business and what we’re seeing. When we assumed it on the baseline, it’s probably closer to maybe $100 million a quarter. So you’re looking at probably at least a couple of hundred million difference between the $7 baseline and where we are today.
John Neppl: Yes. I would just say, Adam, on the wages side, I mean, like everybody else, we’re subject to wage inflation, not only in the U.S., but globally. But I think we feel like if we can maintain a position as being a low-cost producer in the industry, as others struggle, we should come out on top. And so we’re obviously managing that as effectively as we can. But availability labors are primary concern, especially in an environment we’re in right now, margin environment. We will continue to manage that first and then the inflation will pass along what we can and continue to focus on being a low-cost operator.
John Neppl: Yes, Ben. I would just say that certainly, with where we have been able to get to in terms of our ROIC and our adjusted ROIC metric, which we think is an important way also to measure the business. There is no doubt that I think we feel like we are at a different plateau today as we go forward here and look at our opportunities, we have got – we feel like a pretty good pipeline of opportunities. And certainly, our goal will be to raise that 9% to something north of that. And I think if I remember back even a year and 1.5 years ago, Greg made a point that once we get to 9%, we will raise it well above 9%. And certainly, I think we have got enough momentum in the business, improvement of the operating model and I think some attractive investment opportunities that we should be able to raise that as we head into next year and take a look at our plan for next year and what we believe we can do, we will come back on that.
John Neppl: And I think, Rob, one other thing relative to the Chevron JV, for example, there have been other JVs announced. A lot of those are greenfield builds. They are going to take a number of years before they are operational, whereas because we are taking two existing plants and put in the joint venture, we are going to be up and running immediately with Chevron. So, we are pretty excited about that. Of course, the expansion that we have talked about will come over time, but certainly we are going to be able to hit the ground running with them.
John Neppl: Yes. Ken, this is John. I think it’s pretty conceivable that we will probably – so our baseline CapEx historically has been, call it, $400 million to $450 million. The last 2 years, cumulatively, will be about $200 million below that run rate, cumulative because of the under-spend in the last couple of years. I think we will see that amount probably assuming supply chains loosen up next year, and we can get the equipment we need and the labor we could conceivably see something in the $600 million to $700 million range, I think easily in CapEx over the next couple of years. A lot of that is projects that we have got in the pipeline that we are analyzing. Not going to say we are going to do all of them, but it’s everything from continued debottlenecking. We have got a couple of greenfields. And then of course, we have got a couple of projects we have already announced that are going to take time and will be part of that number. And then ultimately, we are always going to be looking at the M&A side and any opportunity there might be there. And I think we feel more confident today that we have a right to be a consolidator in the industry if the opportunity comes given what we have been able to do. So, we are going to look at all facets of it, but I think what we can control, we are going to certainly focus on very good projects organically. And again, as I said before, we have a good pipeline of things, everything from debottlenecking greenfields and things like that, that were some underway and some we are still assessing.
