Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. So we're proud of the work we've done to optimize our business, and we're always looking for ways to drive continuous improvement. We've got a clear set of priorities, continue that work in 2024 and we're confident that we'll end the year as an even stronger Bunge.  We're making great progress towards closing our combination with Viterra, which will increase diversification across assets, geographies, and crops, providing us with more optionality and capability to serve customers. And we continue to invest in our people and global infrastructure. Through effective training and proper tools, we can safely and reliably meet our customers' needs. We're also working on a number of initiatives to best equip our team for the future, including strengthening our digital capabilities. We're making these investments to meet the longer-term demand growth for our products and services. And while always looking for opportunities to improve, we are well positioned to deliver on our critical mission of connecting farmers to consumers to deliver essential food, feed, and fuel to the world.  And with that, we'll turn to Q&A. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes, sure. Thanks, Ben. I think as usual, the first quarter is where we have the most visibility and then it starts to kind of reduce as we go out. Having the global platform, of course, is very helpful. And so as we look across crush today and as we said and we look at the curves and what they give us, they're all inverted with some pretty limited liquidity beyond Q1. And then, we're in that, what we do, have visibility to and you kind of think about history, we're in that transition as markets get a little more balanced on supply and demand, that producers generally don't like selling lower prices, and they've got room to storage. So you see a little bit generally reluctant selling as we transition from the farmer.  And then the end consumer, we see them having an incentive to wait. So they're becoming also more short purchased and buying in the spot as prices are balancing and the supply chain is not quite as tight. So, those are some of the key things that we'll watch that, of course, affect both crush and merch and our Refined and Specialty Oil, and Milling, altogether. 
Gregory Heckman: Well, I just would start by saying the same things that we've been focused on really work in all environments. And I think we talked as we were going, we were always thinking about trying to build the company for the bottom of the cycle, which you hope you never experienced. But if we have that mindset and we have our costs in position to be the most efficient regardless of where you are in the cycle, that we have our business organized in our operating model to have the most nimble and agile and ability to react to whatever the external factors that we can't control in the market. And that we ensure that we have got our rewards systems in alignment with our stakeholders and with our investors and with our customers at both ends of the value chain that we're kind of -- we're going to operate the same on the things that we can control.  And I think we talked about it in the past, this -- you got to continue to think about it. This is a big feed, food, and fuel global infrastructure, right, to serve our customer. And we still have the billions of dollars of assets. We still got the tens of thousands of customers. We've still got the millions of tons of physical flows, and that's the embedded optionality that exists. And so while we don't control the markets, we do control how we manage day-to-day. So we stay focused on what we can control and then unlock that value as we're helping balance supply and demand across our businesses for our customers at both ends of the value chain. And that's just -- that's kind of maniacal focus every day. 
Gregory Heckman: I might add, the 1 thing that we have spoken about is how the businesses are so different with us being much stronger in the processing and then much stronger on the origination, storage handling, and distribution. So if you do have a market that moves more into a contango or a carry that does benefit where you have more storage. So I think that when we talk about the diversification and the crops we handle and in the asset footprints and the geographies, that would be 1 of the things that we'd be thinking about depending on when we close and what the environment looks at when we talk about the outlook at those times. 
Gregory Heckman: I think, if you look at the big flags, the big put and takes that we're thinking about it at the highest level, of course, the geopolitically and weather, right? And so while we're getting a more balanced S&D situation globally, we're kind of 1 weather event from really tightening things up and that could bring some volatility back. And then the other offset is around it at a high level, if you think about demand. And so lower prices should spur more demand. That's what we've seen historically, and then it's really how quickly we see that.  And even if you take an anecdote on the food side, we're seeing all of our food customers innovation projects, which had spent the last 2 years being cost reduction type programs are now really focused on growth. So product development, new products, and line extensions.  And then you take the kind of under that umbrella, some of the big drivers, of course, it's the veg oil, S&D in North America, because as we saw it play out in '23 and it will continue in '24. We've got a new industry with new demand building. The market is doing its work, supply is adjusting. And it can be pretty sensitive to that oil pipeline, veg oil prices in North America, which, of course, is very sensitive to the crush margins in North America.  And the other, of course, is Argentina, where you've got a weather situation there much better than last year where bean production should maybe be double what last year was and you've got a new government in place. And so how their policies and incentives play out. I think that's a big 1 to watch. And then, of course, you always have got to think about China not only their economy and how it develops the macro just from an overall demand and then, of course, how they think about stocks building. So I think those are the kind of the big flags that we think about. Right now, if you look at the curves and the outlook, people aren't predicting much disruption at this point. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes, I can -- again, let me start. Let's start on that. Yes. So if you think about -- and maybe back into it from soft seeds, we still expect those to be strong but kind of down slightly. They'll be off some from '23, but should still be good in both Europe and North America. But soy is really the 1 as you've called out. So I think everything will be softer.  If you look at the regions, except Argentina, which Argentina was a drag last year to everything, and we had to cover it with the global system. So now you'll see Argentina be better as we get into harvesting Q2, and you start to see the crush come up there. Of course, it will be, as we said, the government policies and how the farmer markets, but that will be key.  South America, Brazil continues to currently be strong on new crop, but of course, it's inverted as well where we're seeing farmer liquidity be slower there. And then the EU right now, pretty strong in the spot, and that's been on meal demand. But again, the curves are inverted there as well.  In the U.S., while the Q1 is good, of course, we see the curves kind of be that weaker in Q2 and Q3 and then contemplate a better Q4 with the new crop. And then, I think the farmer selling, which I said is just -- it's just slower on all regions, and they'll be very hesitant here until the market kind of settles out and we see some direction. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I'd say if you look kind of at a high level, right, we get the Brazil crop coming in probably the bean production being in the mid-150s. And that's versus last year, we were around 160 million metric tons. I mentioned Argentina being production to be around 50 million tons there, which is about double what it was last year. And then I think as that sorts out and the market sends the right signals, we'll see how the acres work here in North America, right, and how many bean acres that we end up with and how the growing season plays itself out. But we do need to have a good growing season here in North America, but have no reason right now to plan on anything else. 
Gregory Heckman: Well, I think that's why we've been consistent about using the forward curves and what we currently see in the environment when we do give the outlook because that way, it kind of doesn't flop around depending on our forecasting of what we see in the markets and versus what the public forecasters are saying they see in the market. But that's why I do think those flags that we've called out. Right? Weather is always key how that farmer is going to market, the marketing pattern, and how much on-farm storage that they've got to affect that, and how their financial condition is from a liquidity standpoint.  And then the big demand drivers, right, as we talked about, how quickly does demand bounce back on the food side, which is the 1 we can see snap back pretty quickly. And on feed, it looks like animal numbers, roughly flat. Chicken's probably up a little bit. Pork might be down a little bit globally. But so the animals are still in place and how quick do they add animals from a demand standpoint.  As that profitability has returned in the animal sector, I think they've seen the worst on their profitability is in industry. And then this veg oil market is pretty sensitive. If you look globally, palm is not increasing at the production growth that it had historically. And at the same time, they're adding domestic biofuel demand globally on the palm side. So oil tightening up somewhat from a global perspective, while you are growing biofuels in general, renewable diesel specifically and SAF kind of to come in the future. So you've got a new industry that's trying to decarbonize its liquid fuels, because we can do that with vegetable oils, low-CI feedstocks, and help them do it at scale. And the market has been sending that signal that we can supply those feedstocks, and we've seen quite a bit of demand that will be coming on in that segment.  And so that oil leg can really affect the crush and that's why we call that flag out, and that will be a key 1 to watch as well. So it should be a really interesting 12-, 18-month kind of transition here, not only on the crops, but as demand continues to grow as well and as customers kind of move back to trying to drive growth versus cost savings. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. So I think we call merch should be slightly down here in '24 versus '23. And right now, that's probably got it slightly below where we're at in our baseline model. But again, merchandising is the toughest 1 to forecast and is the first 1 to react if we get some policy changes that affect flows and/or weather -- any weather issues that affect production. And I'll tell you, as we continue to grow more yield on the same amount of acres, and we're seeing more volatile weather patterns, both dry and wet that affect production and logistics that probably just long term leads to more volatility. So the merchandising will be the 1 that absorbs that on the short-term changes. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. We see it continue to grow. I think there's going to be another 1.4 billion gallons of RD capacity come online in the first half of '24. I think some of the complexity, right is, it isn't just a veg oil game as they grow their demand. The market sent some signals when the pipelines got tight. And so we saw UCO imports. And so as we balance some of that supply and demand understanding did we soak up some surpluses and what will be the ongoing rate of some of these imported UCOs and other kind of low-CI feedstocks as the market kind of works to balance itself out as that demand comes on.  So it's a bit of no doubt, a complicated picture on that. And then, of course, you've got policy changing, right? As we move from a blender's credit to a producer's credit in '25 and their end markets adjust to that. And then, of course, you've got even things like the card policy where they've signaled that they've got the ability to make changes if the feedstock is available. And now the market is sending signs that the feedstock is available.  So we think this will be pretty dynamic. But net-net, we have increased demand that continues to grow globally, and then we'll see what other policy things happen generally kind of around the world and specifically around things like SAF.  So the other is how well their new RD operations come up to speed on catalysts and whatnot. Do they need the vegetable oil to be the dilution for some of these other low-CI feedstocks and some of these imported feedstocks? So it also depends kind of how they run and then also the shift that we said, all along, we expect to see at some point as these pretreatment facilities come up and we see some of the refined oil demand move into crude demand. And so you may see it move from refining margins then into the crush margin. So while we like a complex picture to unwind, this 1 has really plenty of moving pieces. 
Gregory Heckman: I think on an overall, it's just the team has been running the refineries better. We set some records there in Q4 on volume and capacity utilization in our refineries. So we're just trying to run the system better to meet the demands. And then on our India refinery, that is new multi-oil capabilities as well as packaging, and that's to meet some current demand as well as some growth. We'll be commissioning that in the first half. That's for our Foods business.  And then the Avondale refinery, which we bought here in Louisiana, that's really helping on the import of some of the tropical and soft oils to serve our customers with multi oil. And we were really at capacity there in serving our food customers here in North America. So that's freed up capacity and given us some extra capabilities and we also had some equipment headed for another facility that we've already pointed at Avondale, and we're going to expand that facility already.  So we'll be doing that work during the year. So that's really about capabilities and flexibility on the food side, which is the other, as John talked about, a little farther out, but our Amsterdam facility, will be kind of the same thing. That's a great specialty oils market over there. We'll have really the most flexibility we think in Europe, we'll have the best carbon footprint and the lowest cost facility when we get that done, but that's just getting underway.  So that will be out in '26 before we have the benefits of that. But -- also with these new facilities, they're all improving the carbon footprint versus the facilities that we were running before. So we continue to focus on sustainability as we make those investments as well. 
Gregory Heckman: And probably the only thing on the commercial side that we didn't mention, while the margins on crush are a little higher than the baseline. The volume is just a little bit lower and that's due to -- we exited Russia as a choice. And then in Ukraine, our volume is down with the war ongoing there. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think, probably the same key ones, China, always a big factor their economy and if it would speed up from a demand and then how China is going to think about any stock building, because they can definitely make it change on these markets that are really still pretty close in the supply and demand balance, any type of weather situation at all.  The balance sheets are pretty tight. We could see increased volatility, and that would also probably drive not only more farmer selling, but it would also drive the consumers to be further out on the curve and do more purchasing and they've gotten comfortable again where we had some just in case inventory building.  Everyone's kind of forgotten the supply chain problems, and we've definitely seen customers pulling down stocks in that just-in-time inventory again. So if you saw any concern on S&Ds or supply chain problems and saw a build back that way. The overall growth in demand from the lower prices, whether that's the animal industry adding capacity and/or the consumer responding across feed, food or fuel more quickly to the lower prices.  And then Argentina always a very big driver, of course, in the size of their crop, how the farmer is going to commercialize that. And of course, a lot of that will be driven by the government policy and their ability to put the incentives out there in the way they want to with what they're trying to accomplish. And then, of course, importantly, biofuels in general, globally, how that continues to develop policy and how the different feedstocks are weighing off in the global oil balance, we're keeping palm in mind as well. So those are a few of the flags that we're watching carefully, and it should be a really interesting 12 months, 18 months here going forward as we have a number of things transitioning. 
Gregory Heckman: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today and for your interest. And I guess I'd just like to wrap up by saying we've tried to reflect in our outlook what has changed for '24, but I sure want to also reflect what has not changed. And what hasn't changed, right, is there's long-term growth in demand for the things we make and the services that we provide with them, and that is across all 3 food, feed and fuel markets.  The growth in biofuels, that's a near-term issue, and that trend is in place. The improvements in our operating model, those continue and we'll continue to focus on how to make sure that we don't stop with our focus on continuous improvement. Our '26 baseline target remains unchanged. We continue to have a great pipeline of projects and investments with good returns. Our pending acquisitions are on track and our share purchase commitment is ongoing. So those are things that haven't changed. We feel good about what we're doing. Very proud of our team, and we'll continue to stay focused. So thanks for your interest. Look forward to speaking to you again soon. Have a great day. 
John Neppl: Sure, Manav. This is John. I think what we've communicated in the past, I think, our view is on Viterra close in 2024 will be mildly accretive to flat. In the first year, we've got a lot of synergy costs, a lot of integration costs to incur. And certainly for the first 6 to 12 months, there'll be a lot of work around integration and focus on that. I think we love the business, and I think the long term is outstanding, especially when you look at environment like we're going into. But I wouldn't expect a significant impact on the $9 in this year. 
John Neppl: Sure. Yes. So we embarked really the last year and the year before on some pretty large multiyear projects. And most of those things like are build-out with our Chevron joint venture, our plant in Amsterdam, our new oils plant are specialty proteins plant in Indiana. All those things are -- our plant in India. All of those things are have been multiyear -- well, India is coming on later this year. Most of those are still going to be in build-out phase through 2025. So we really expect them to start contributing in 2026.  And we target a mid-teens return on average on most of our projects. Some could be a little lower, some could be higher. So that's the CapEx side. And then certainly, on the M&A with -- as we announce CJ Selecta that we're hoping to close later this year, that 1 -- beauty of that 1 is it will be immediately accretive when we get that 1 executed and closed. But I wouldn't expect too much contribution in 2025 on those because they're really going to be coming online late in the year, and it takes a little bit of time for commissioning. So most of those will start contributing in 2026.  And then on the M&A side, we continue to look at a lot of smaller opportunities, not anything of the magnitude of Viterra or CJ Selecta necessarily, but there's a lot of smaller bolt-on opportunities that we're working as well that we'll keep you updated on. 
John Neppl: Sure. So we'll start with share buyback. And the $400 million, I think our expectation right now is we will execute that in the first half of the year. And we've committed to doing at least that $400 million by close of the transaction. So we expect to do that. And then, we'll see from there as we go forward. With respect to our outlook for 2026 and $11, I think we still feel very positive with that and right on track. While the CapEx is maybe been delayed a little bit from a timing standpoint. We got a little bit of a late start on some of these -- as costs went up and we went back and took a look at projects, we've actually picked up pace on the M&A side a little bit. So we feel very good about our trajectory against that $11-plus by 2026 and have no reason to change it at this point. 
John Neppl: Yes, Adam, this is John. I think there are really 3 big drivers to the year-over-year change. And the largest is what we're assuming on the processing side, certainly globally. That's probably I'd say, close to 80% of the variance. When you look at the gross variance, we have some things that are going to be up, we expect to be up. But that's a big piece of it. And then the other big drivers are so Refined Specialty Oils being down, from probably a couple of hundred million from where we finished this year in 2024. And then the other 1 is Sugar, we're calling down given ethanol prices and environment in Brazil. But then we have some other things going in the other direction to ultimately get to the change. But certainly, the largest is the Processing segment at this point. 
John Neppl: Yes. Steven, this is John. we're looking today, when we look forward at our forecast, we're expecting it to be pretty closely balanced between first half, second half, actually, pretty close to 50-50. And I would say, waiting on the first half of the year, more 60-40, and on the back half of the year kind of the mirror image more of a 40-60. That's kind of how we're seeing the year at this point. 
John Neppl: Yes. I think -- well, our expectation is between now and, let's say, midyear, we'll have the other $400 million, but timing on close of Viterra is yet to be determined. But I think we won't wait around until we have news for that. I think we'll put it on a pace here to make sure that we're completed by midyear. 
John Neppl: Yes, Sam, I would add that food is still 75% to 80% of our volume on refined oil. So while energy certainly has been a nice demand for us, food is a big focus. We have very big downstream customers, and they depend on us from a traceability sustainability standpoint and to be able to provide a multi oil. So that's still the primary focus of that RS&O segment. 
John Neppl: Yes. I don't -- I mean, the reality is most of the projects that are in our growth pipeline now are all underway. So the bulk of it won't change, because we're still -- we still believe those are great long-term projects. Certainly, around the fringes as new things come up, we may trade-off between that and M&A, which we have done some of. We've seen some great bolt-on M&A opportunities and have allocated some capital in that direction instead. But I would say largely, our forward track here for '24 and '25 is pretty locked in from a CapEx standpoint. 
John Neppl: Sure. This is John. Look, I think, we have not been immune to the inflation that we saw over the last few years relative to kind of started during COVID and worked its way through. But what we've seen recently is energy prices coming off quite a bit, especially in Europe, which has lowered our variable costs over there quite a bit. I think our belief is that we're probably or probably close to the most efficient in the industry are certainly on par with others. And it's as you can imagine, higher cost areas generally is going to be U.S. with inflation and Europe with energy costs and inflation.  But we also have some very low-cost production areas. Brazil certainly is an area where costs are much lower than the average and in Asia as well, but highly competitive. And I think, again, we've seen things come off certainly. And I think where we're focused on a lot of our capital recently on the -- especially on the sustaining side, has been focused on improvements in the efficiencies in the plants. I think we'll continue to be able to do a good job of offsetting some of the inflation that we're seeing just naturally. So we feel, I think, pretty good about where we are from an efficiency standpoint right now. 
John Neppl: Yes, I can start, and Greg can jump in. I think actually, our margin assumptions right now for 2024 are better than the baseline -- marginally better than where we were in the 850 baseline assumptions. So we think that will hold for the year, if not improve. Where we're seeing a little -- and that's probably more on the soft side than the soy side, the higher assumption around margin structure and what we're seeing today. I think where we see the downside versus our baseline is really in merchandising.  As we look forward, we have -- Greg pointed out, there's not a lot of visibility going forward in that. And based on how we finished '23, we kept a lower forecast in for them in '24, which is actually lower than what we have in our baseline. But on the other side, RS&O is higher. So those are kind of the big things in terms of the commercial side of it. When you look at the non-business part of it or the other items, interest expense is quite a bit higher than what we had in our baseline, driven by interest rates, certainly.  And then a little bit higher effective tax rate as we've seen some tax legislation changes globally. So interest and taxes are higher so on the margin side, soy and soft are higher from an expectation RS&O is higher and then merchandising is lower. So it's kind of how I think about it. 
John Neppl: Yes. And maybe just 1 other thing to add, too. As you're thinking through this share buyback, certainly as we've done more of that than we had in our original baseline model, I think we modeled $250 million a year in our baseline assumption, and we of course, we've accelerated that with the Viterra transaction coming. 
