Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. We have a lot to discuss today. So, let's turn to slide three. Before we dive in, I want to introduce John Neppl, our new Chief Financial Officer who joined Bunge in May. His perspective and leadership along with his industry experience will be a great benefit for us. And I’m delighted to welcome John to the Bunge team. I also want to welcome our new Chief Risk Officer, Robert Wagner, who joined us last month.  I worked with both Robert and John for well over a decade at Gavilon and ConAgra, and they're already making sustainable contributions here at Bunge. Now, the other items on our agenda, shown on slide four. I'm going to provide a high level view of developments and results in quarter, progress against our strategic priorities, and our outlook for the balance of the year. Then, I'll hand it over to John for deeper dive into financials. And finally, we'll open up the line for your questions.  Let's go ahead and get started turning the slide five. Second quarter 2019 results benefited from timing differences and the contribution from a venture investment. Core business results were generally in line with our outlook. Soy crush was helped by higher volumes, but also impacted by lower structural margins this year. In Grains, our South American results were higher while our North American team managed through extreme weather conditions, which impacted both our operations and farmer marketing patterns. Results in Edible Oils were better in North America and South America and essentially flat year-over-year in Europe and Asia. Sugar & Bioenergy benefited from lower costs, and better ethanol volumes and prices, while fertilizer results also improved in the quarter. The net unrealized gain related to our investment in Beyond Meat sits within Bunge Ventures, our venture capital unit. We haven't discussed Ventures often, but it's an important vehicle as the competitive landscape and consumer preferences drive change, and as technology continues to accelerate innovation and transparency in our industry. I continue to feel very good about our focus and our progress on the key priorities, including strengthening financial discipline and risk management, and our ability to optimize the performance of our physical flows. As we work towards our new global operation model announced last quarter, we're seeing an engaged and energized team, improved speed of execution, and risk management that better supports our commercial decision making. As we announced earlier this month, slide six lays out our agreement with BP to contribute our Sugar & Bioenergy business to a new 50-50 joint venture in Brazil. We will receive $75 million in cash at closing, and we'll transfer $700 million in debt to the JV on a non-recourse basis. Turning to slide seven. With this JV, we own 50% of an entity that will be number two in Brazil by actual crush volume, and operating with a conservative capital structure. On slide eight, we have a strong partner in BP, and we also retained flexibility for further monetization. So, we're very excited about this transaction. It meets all of our strategic criteria, enables us to reduce leverage. We expect closing before year-end, subject to regulatory approvals. Following the close, we will no longer consolidate this business. In addition, we anticipate an impairment charge of between $1.5 billion and $1.7 billion in Q3. And last, on the next slide, our view on 2019 full-year consolidated results has not changed from what we originally shared with you in February that result will be similar to last year, but with the change in the mix, given materially lower forward soy crush margins, plus a slight improvement in softseed crush. We also expect improvements in Grains and Food & Ingredients this year, while Fertilizer results will be flat. In addition, the macro factors that we called out last quarter remain a major source of uncertainty for all market participants. African swine fever continues to impact Chinese demand for soy meal combined with the unresolved U.S.-China trade, this has altered both typical trade flows and producer marketing patterns. We continue to monitor these factors and we'll leverage our global footprint as needed to ensure uninterrupted supply for our customers, while managing margins and physical flows to optimize our own results. We expect to finish the year as we projected, but given timing and cyclicality, second half results will be largely weighted to the fourth quarter. I'll now turn the call over to John to go through the numbers in greater detail.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Thank you all again for joining us today. I want to reiterate the seasonality and timing will place more weight on the fourth quarter to achieve our targets. We continue to evolve our operating model to increase accountability and the speed of commercial decision-making with the focus on getting closer to customers, reducing costs, and better leveraging our global platform. Our team is moving forward on the strategic priorities we laid out, driving operational performance, optimizing the portfolio, and strengthening financial discipline. Our new joint venture with BP in Brazil is just the first step as we increase focus, deploy capital more effectively, and seek to improve results for all of our stakeholders. And finally, thanks to our Sugar & Bioenergy team for their hard work to put us in position to create this JV, and to our entire team for the excellent work to get the JV to this point. And with that, operator, let's open the line for questions.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, Heather. The outlook for the business mix hasn't changed. We expect Food & Ingredients and sugar to be up the year. And then, if you look at the first half, even net of timing, was a little bit better than we expected on soy crush. No doubt, there are a lot of unknowns, and probably this time of the year is always tough on visibility, but it's even a little more typical than typically with the trade war. But, if you look at the forward curves from where we put things together, when we baked our outlook in Feb across our portfolio weighted, were really not that much different.
Greg Heckman: No. Our thinking really hasn't changed. I think, everyone continues to try to get a handle on it. But, we didn't feel that there would be big puts or takes in ‘19. And we think any tailwinds would be out in the future, and those are probably in ‘20, maybe even second half ‘20 and ‘21 for any of those tailwinds. So, really, the same thoughts at this point, but I don't know that we have a better perspective than the market does on this.
Greg Heckman: Correct. We're not going to make any predictions. So, it's kind of -- what the forward curves and what they believe is going to happen.
Greg Heckman: No. Just, if you look back historically, it's normal seasonality. And then, the fact of a lot of the timing issues that were pulled, that was primarily from crush, it was hedged in Q3. And as -- crush was roughly the same at the beginning and the end of the quarter, but of course path matters; it rallied during the quarter. And as we hedged off some of the Q3, and then it came down at the end of the quarter, of course that winning leg had to be mark to market, which moved profitability from Q3 into Q2, and that's what we were calling out.
Greg Heckman: We heard some noise about this in the market a few months ago, and then it had gone completely silent, until we saw that article this morning. So, not sure what to make of that. So, we'll continue to watch the development along with everyone else.
Greg Heckman: I think what we’ve picked up in the marketplace, I believe it’s publicly known that probably if you had to pick and over, under, you probably pick the over on 30% right now is what the belief is. And then, if you look at what has to happen, then as the demand for that missing pork is filled by pork from other areas of the world and other species. From a timing, I think we've said, any effect of that from a tailwind we thought would be ‘20 or ‘21. If you believe it's a little larger, maybe that's why I said maybe it’s second half ‘20 and ‘21 as you begin to see the recovery of that. I think, the other things we talked about is, if you believe that it comes back to more commercial operations, you probably see higher inclusions of soybean meal in the future. And the other thing, just as a reminder, there is only about 15% of our crush in China, including the Vietnam JV there in Asia. So, as bean’s back up in the rest of world and as there's more demand for meal in the rest of the world for the protein to fill that hole in the protein demand in China, we do like how our global footprint sits. And that's why we believe that we could see some tailwinds long-term, but none of that in ‘19, and maybe not even in the first half of 2020.
Greg Heckman: Yes. And I don't know that we’re the expert on this. But I will tell you, I think, what the market is debating and what we're watching. You've got, one, the animal lifecycle; you've got, two, the investment to increase production, because we don't believe there's a lot of open capacity out there; and then, three, you've got all of the issues, even when you expand production on the animal side around getting the labor, getting the transportation, getting the permits. So, it's not just flipping a light switch.
Greg Heckman: Yes. As we look at the balance of the year, if you think about our U.S. grain footprint, grain handling, storage, distribution is definitely much smaller than the balance of the world. And there has been some benefit for the U.S. crushing. So, we're probably with our footprint not as exposed on that piece of it, while it does make the trade flows difficult and planning difficult in the rest of the footprint or not is directly exposed to that.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Farmer selling in South America continues -- Brazil has closed the gap a little bit on prior year; Argentina continues to be slower. Farmer continues to hold soybeans, ahead of the election, really as a hedge and uncertainty there. And then, also, the U.S., kind of as we settle out, not only what acres got planted, but how that crop develops, and the producer waiting to see a U.S.-China trade resolution. All things that give I think the producer a reason to wait to commercialize the crop in the U.S. So, we'll see that happening a little later.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Look, I continue to repeat my early thoughts, this is a fantastic global footprint that this Company has, and we've got a very talented and experienced workforce. I mean, this is an exciting opportunity. As far as specifically around the portfolio optimization, let me give you a quick update there. We've kind of moved, I think I talked last time about three categories, or three buckets of work. And we’ve moved really into two major buckets right now. We've got those things that are active and underway where we've got dedicated internal and external resources working on the projects. And when they're complete, we’ll communicate what we've done, why we've done and what it means for us. An example of that of course was BP. It was in bucket one, got to the point where we got it done, and then we could share with you what we're doing. So, we've got things in bucket one. And then in the second category or bucket two, these are things that will go active when we free up capacity. The majority of those are more housekeeping items and big items, but they still matter. They still matter to simplifying our footprint, allowing us to take costs out, improving our focus, and improving our returns.
Greg Heckman: Yes. We see two channels. One, they're definitely through the simplification of the portfolio, as we move those stranded costs from taking out the complexity. And the other, as we've talked about, the change of our global operating model where we're collapsing and eliminating the regional structure, where we're getting focused around the value chains or the assets and the employees that operate those assets, have served the customers, where prices establish, where innovation happens. As we do that, it not only gives us simplicity and accountability and speed to act, but the thing we love about it is the byproduct of that will be cost coming out of the system. So, it's not a cost savings project. It's a business optimization project and the byproduct is cost savings. So, that'll take some work as we rewire the organization, but we're excited about the benefits of that going forward.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I continue to feel good about the capabilities that Loders has given us. We were touch soft in Q2 kind of on customer timing, as well as a little bit light start-up on our Ghana and our China plants. But, we remain on track with the business case. We have integrated the Loders business into our legacy Bunge B2B business. We continue to focus on bottlenecking, bringing our industrial expertise to the combined platform and really optimizing that combined footprint in not only on the industrial side but on the go-to-market and the innovation with customers. And then, those are things that will pay off in ‘20 and ‘21. So, there's only one team together. There's only one team today, we're running the business together. And it continues to make progress.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Our thinking about managing what are the earnings at risk in these assets, right, that's the physical flows involved with all of our handling, processing, distribution assets. So, you think about it, it’s all the grains and oilseeds on the way in, and then all the products on the way out, as well as all the freight and logistics that surround that. So, there's not only the inherent risk that we're helping manage in our assets, but that, that we're helping our customers on both ends of the value chain, manage theirs as well. And then ultimately, just philosophically the net of those risks, right, is the risk that we have to -- the remainder risk that we have to manage. And that is -- we're keeping it -- the amount of risk we're taking appropriate, not only for our earnings power, but for the environment that we're operating in, which is fairly challenging. But, I'll tell you, Robert Wagner has only been here a month and of course, Brian Zachman since January. But couldn't be more pleased with how those two leaders and their teams are partnering across the control and the commercial functions. They are driving simplification and transparency, which helps us with our speed to act in managing the risks, inherent in our business. And at the end of the day, right, it's about the key focus on the right things. So, we're getting the right information to the right people at the right time, which helps maximizing earnings in our portfolio, but it also helps eliminate the unforced error. So, it was a good foundation of risk management here, but we're building on that making good progress already, and we've got some targets for some other improvements. So, excited about the team we're building.
Greg Heckman: I don't think we see things any different from the market. And, with the uncertainty, the teams are continuing to analyze and look at managing through a number of different outcomes, the main thing we're working really hard to do is stay out of the way of any stroke of a pen risk, because things are just difficult enough.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think a lot of it has been purely execution. I think, the teams have done a great job. There's a lot of work done last year to create some additional transparency on how we're operating the assets from not only having them up and ready from the industrial side, but then making sure commercially that we are running those assets and getting the beans there in time or the corn or the wheat there in time and the products away to manage that. Some of that's around the planning process, and then a lot of it is around the execution. So, we're seeing metrics improve. And then, as we said, the others working together as a team to avoid the unforced errors, because this is definitely a tough environment. And there's just not a lot of extra to pave over any potholes.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I told our team and I'm not sure if I said on the call before. But look, we're chasing that 2 above WACC and when we get there, we're going to raise it again. So, that is not an end state, that is a way station on the journey here. And we're pulling every lever possible from how we operate to changing the footprint to improve those returns. So, we're not going to be happy at 2 over our WACC. That's the first target.
Greg Heckman: Yes. How we thought about the JV is, we couldn't be more pleased to have a partner like BP, I mean, their global scale and fuels. They're absolutely committed to -- they’ve publicly said, they’re committed to growing this biofuels platform. We have very good offsetting skills, track records and expertise between the two teams. And this business is going to have the most conservative balance sheet, the most conservative capital structure, we believe from anyone in the marketplace. So, we think it puts us in the best position to operate in that marketplace, regardless of what everyone else does. And the other key thing is we have a clear path to monetization. So, we're aligned to see the business operate very well, as we're joint owner. And like I said before, we were going to run it like we were going to own it forever until the day we didn't. Now we only own 50% and will be great partners and run it like we're going to own that 50% forever until the day we don't.
Greg Heckman: I'll probably wait until the deal is closed and let the new JV leadership kind of comment on their view of the competitive outlook.
Greg Heckman: I don't know that we have particular insight other than what we're seeing publicly. It definitely feels like things might be getting a slightly better but I don't think anyone's declaring victory at this point.
Ken Zaslow: Good morning, everyone. So, a couple of questions. One is, can you just estimate how much lost profit was due to the weather, just kind of scale that a little bit? Because I assuming it’ll come back next year, just trying to figure that out.
Ken Zaslow: The second question is, you alluded to it. But, can you talk a little bit about, anecdotally, operational improvements you're doing in either Greenfield or start-ups, anything like that you're seeing that -- you've been there for 6 months or so. Have you started to kind of wrap your hands around the operational improvements? And then, I just have one more question.
Ken Zaslow: And then, my final question is, a competitor of yours last quarter indicated that they had a return on invested capital of 11% to 12%. They seem to be in the similar business to you, their initial is obviously ADM. Do you think there is a structural reason why you would not be able to get a return on invested capital similar that? I know your target is 200 basis points WACC but why stop there, is there something that limits that? Is there any sort of impediment? Can you give some parameters there? It just seems like there's no reason that you shouldn't be able to get there, your business model is geographically different. But just any sort of color on that would be helpful.
