Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think, it's clear that certainly within the last year and probably this year that fact has had a negative impact on overall margins in the grain chain. I think it will take another year, another good crop for that to reverse. It really only had 1 good crop after 2 or 3 really poor ones to replenish supplies and pipelines are still relatively empty. So I think you'll have a normalization of margins, assuming we get another good crop. But in general, the trend towards farmers having more control in managing their own price risk, as they become bigger and more sophisticated, I think is undeniable.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think, as the year progresses and we advance in these programs, we should be able to share some of these KPIs with you. We do want to make sure we've got the right ones and that we've got enough data that is credible. Each segment has its own particular approach. In sugar & bioenergy, our benchmarking is mostly against the industry in Brazil, where there is a lot of public data available. But it is also within our own sugar assets. We have absolutely some of the best-in-class assets in our portfolio, so we can compare both. But there's plenty of industry data available to give you that benchmarking and comparison. In agribusiness, our focus is really on our global crushing plants, both soy and soft seeds, as well as logistics. Most of the benchmarking there is admittedly internal. But we also believe that we do have, within the Bunge portfolio, some of the best plants in the world. And logistics is something that is close to us. Food & ingredients, we are doing some external benchmarking. But again, most of the benchmarking is created from within Bunge. And the process, I would say in food & ingredients, is more advanced than in any of the other segments and very much focused on plants, operations and supply chain at this point.
Soren W. Schroder: But I'd say in food & ingredients, on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being the end state, we are probably somewhere around a 5 and a 6. In agribusiness, I would say probably around the same. And in sugar, I would say we were probably a little bit more advanced.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I mean, I think we should talk about it as being variants to what we would consider to be a normal Q1 or last year for that matter. And within agribusiness specifically, we would say about $140 million of variance is explained by the 3 areas that are highlighted in the release. China accounting for approximately $30 million. Ocean freight roughly $50 million and the balance is a variance in risk income in our grains business of roughly $60 million. So that's the order of magnitude.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, shipments have begun to slow down. That's number 1. Domestic margins have recovered some as has demand, particularly for poultry. So I think Q2 will be a transition from what was admittedly a very dark place in crush margins in the first quarter. So by the time we get into July, August and we have reduced pipelines and demand for protein in China has normalized, I think we'll return to reasonable margins. Probably margins that are similar to what we had last year in the second half of the year.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, it is having a negative impact on soy protein demand. Largely so far, it has been made up for in poultry. But as we get into the summer period now of crush in the U.S. I think the most important factor determining margins in the U.S. crushing industry will be the availability of soybeans. That will be the driving force behind what margins end up being. So the demand outlook is probably a little bit weak-ish, but it's the supply of soybeans that will determine how margins are this next 4 or 5 months. And it will be, in my mind, very much a repeat of last year.
Soren W. Schroder: No, it doesn't really change our approach to the strategic review. That was decided quite a while ago and it is progressing according to plan. We're pleased with the progress. What happened in Q1, I think is fully explainable and we are confident that will end up reaching the same end goal at breakeven for the segment EBIT wise, as we stated at the last call and even last year. So it really doesn't play into our considerations there.
Soren W. Schroder: I think it is likely there could be a small increase in the anhydrous blend. But it is unlikely that there'll be any major policy changes this side of the election in Brazil.
Soren W. Schroder: The impact was not significant in our crushing business. It was probably more pronounced in our food business, where we did have delays in shipments as a consequence of the very bad weather and rail service. However, in Canadian business specifically, we did have a negative mark-to-market impact in our crushing business, as margins expanded through the period. I believe that I did mention that at an investor conference sometime in March as being a possible negative variance and it still is for the quarter, although it wasn't as big as it was at that time.
Soren W. Schroder: I think no, without giving guidance as to what Q1 will be every year from now on, I would say that a normalized Q1 for agribusiness would have been somewhere between $200 million and $250 million. And so I think if you bridge our actual results to the gap I just gave you of $140 million that's where you end up. That's where you end up. So you can explain the difference in Q1, but clearly as we move into Q2 and Q3 and certainly Q4, you would expect that the agribusiness segment performance will increase and improve from there. We're confident that it will.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, it just means that we continue as we look at the capital allocation framework and determine what is the best use of the cash we're getting in from operations. And once we get through this next -- this last piece of the repurchase program, we'll look at what's next. That's all. It just means it's continuous process it doesn't stop or end. So I guess I'm basically agreeing with you.
Soren W. Schroder: It could be. What's very important to remember though is that our first priority is to keep our credit rating and our balance sheet in good shape. That is why we don't want to make too many statements about what we might do at some point in the future. Commodity markets are unpredictable as we've seen this past quarter. And so you want to preserve the flexibility to adjust as we go along.
Soren W. Schroder: We don't want to comment on any of the rumors. Whatever we do will be through the filter of our capital allocation process, making sure that whatever we do optimizes total shareholder returns in the best possible way. And that's really all I can say relative to that. We are very disciplined and very cautious and we'll go through that evaluation every time we think about doing small or big.
Soren W. Schroder: No, trading is not even considered in this. That's completely separate. The comment is exclusively related to our mills and our agriculture. So what's in the field and what's in the mills, that's where the headcount reduction tab and that's also where we have the largest number of people employed obviously. Our trading business is one that we feel very good about and we're very happy with the way it's structured and the talent we have in it.
Soren W. Schroder: That is correct. Our view on the trading businesses and it fits Bunge's overall portfolio well. It is very similar to what activities we perform in agribusiness. It is the same logistics corridors in many ways the same customer base and the same approach to risk management. So our trading business, all else equal, is a core part of our global commodity flow business.
Soren W. Schroder: We've had some periods of slowdown. But I will say in general and it's difficult to generalize in that part of the world in a moment, but really both in Russia and the domestic Ukrainian markets, activities continue more or less uninterrupted. Our domestic oil business moves along, both in Russia and the Ukraine in a good way. And even port operations in Nikolayev, so exports of corn and wheat are continuing uninterrupted. So we've had some periods where farmers have held back and not sold as actively as others. But in general, given the level of political instability, operations have continued uninterrupted.
Soren W. Schroder: No. Really our performance in China was really just related to the actual crush environment in China, in our own facilities and we were not impacted by -- in any material way of any of the rejections that have been talked about in the wires.
Soren W. Schroder: It's not precise, Diane, but somewhere in the $15 million to $20 million range would have gotten pulled forward.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think both in Brazil and Argentina, we expect the next probably 2 quarters to be quite good and better than we had earlier expected so go back like a few months. That is a big positive for us given our capacity both in Brazil and Argentina. And as you rightly said, Argentina last year was not really a contributor. So that should be a positive variance for us over the next couple of quarters. European soy crush, particularly Southern Europe for us, remains a very positive element. That should continue well into the summer. And in the U.S., I think we will still manage through this summer with reasonable margins and expect that Q4 like last year will be very good. China, we've talked about it. The next quarter is a transition quarter from very bad to hopefully something a little bit more reasonable and then a strong last half of the year. So overall, in balance I would say the soy crush environment looks better than we would have expected or expressed maybe a few months ago for the balance of the year. And in soft seeds, Canada is clearly the highlight. Canadian crush margins are excellent. We've got additional capacity coming on stream, as you know, with a good crop and I know that planting intention are strong. So at least acreage from Canada will be up and we should have another big canola crop. And in all likelihood very strong margins throughout the balance of this year. The same thing should be the case in New York, where I know soft seed crops, particularly rapeseeds are in good shape, they're well advanced and they're large. So soft seed crush margins, particularly rapeseed will be good and I think sunseed margins should also be good, as we get into the new crop. There is a fairly large overhang of sunseed stocks still in Eastern Europe to be commercialized. And I think they will come as farmers gain confidence about their new crop. So in general, the global crushing environment for Bunge looks very positive for the balance of the year.
Soren W. Schroder: I think -- well, China is a big market first of all, and one that is clearly sort of privatizing more and more as it's been stated by Chinese policy. And what Costco has done is fully consistent with their food security ambitions, which is to connect themselves at least for part of their supply into the global marketplace. And that's not really -- it's not really new. It's been expressed in many different ways over the last year and so now they've acted upon it. I think short-term it probably won't change much. Medium term, it could change a little bit but I'm convinced that Costco will want to remain closely connected to companies like ourselves and others. Costco is a big customer of Bunge today and I suspect that will be the case also a year from now. So I think it will be a mix of both.
Soren W. Schroder: Other than offtake from our own crushing plants, that's typically the best way of gauging how demand is evolving both for protein and oil. And so when we look at the customers that we do business with every day and we deal directly with customers. We don't go through intermediaries in China. We can sense whether things are slowing down or speeding up. And frankly the offtake has been probably better than you would expect given the negative press around margins in China. So our team and our customers, frankly, reflect that things have probably bottomed out and are now improving again.
Soren W. Schroder: I think in any given quarter, that is just a fact, and I don't think that will ever disappear entirely. That being said, we always go back and review and look and see if we could have could have done things differently or better. And we will do that in this case as well. But fundamentally, I am absolutely convinced and supportive of our process not only to economic analysis, but also risk management. It's proven, it's right and delivered good returns for really many years and many quarters. And so we are having to live with some of the volatility that is inherent quarter-on-quarter. But year in and year out, over the last many, our agribusiness risk management team and the economic analysis teams have really delivered the goods for us. And so can we improve? Yes, of course we can and we always look to do that. But I believe that we've got the right structure and the right process in place. The other way that we can -- and we are aiming at, let's say, reducing some of the risk in earnings is to grow the share of food and ingredients in Bunge. And if you say that today the share is somewhere between 20% and 23%, I think we've stated that getting to 35% is our objective. And we can do that in many different ways. Part of it is just improving what we've already got and part of it is by adding on pieces like we've done with Altex. That should help the mix overtime as well and should help reduce volatility in earnings. So, I think the combination of those 2 things will get us in a better place. But we'll never eliminate the quarter-on-quarter volatility in what is an agricultural commodity business.
Soren W. Schroder: Vincent, I think we answered it, but just a short recap. I think overall, soy crush margins for Bunge and for the balance of the year. We feel unbalance will be favorable. We feel very good about soft seed margins particularly in Canada, but also in Europe as the new crop now begins to materialize. So overall, crushing both soy and soft should be good for the last and next 3 quarters. As it relates to Argentina specifically, that should be a highlight for us over the next quarter or 2 at least. Last year, Argentina didn't contribute much, for reasons that you know. But we've got a good crop. The farmer has only commercialized roughly 20% of the beans so far. And margins are good at the moment. We should be able to secure a nice couple of quarters of soy crush in Argentina and then the real question is to what extent will the overhang of soybeans have an impact on U.S. crushing margins in the last quarter and that's just too early to tell. A lot of that will depend on the political environment in China and how farmers and the population in general looks at economic situation. All else equal, I would say chances are that there will be a fair amount of retention again in Argentina as we go into the end of the year, but it's too early to tell.
Soren W. Schroder: I don't really want to comment on the politics in Argentina. But I believe the election is 2 years from now. It's not this year. It's next year.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. Yes. So I don't really want to get into that. We know that our business is important to both countries. And we feel comfortable operating in virtually any environment.
Andrew J. Burke: And to add to that, just to explain how we look at internal versus external data. The external data is very helpful for is to set targets and establish a broad program of where we want to go and where we think the best-in-class companies are. When we get down to detailed action plans and detailed actions to define a specific goal, our best sources are internal benchmarking. We operate in a lot of similar plants. Plus publicly, it is not always available when energy consumption is in the crush plant from our competitors. We do know that from every one of our plants around the world and compare those numbers and developed plans to bring those that are not at best-in-class to that point. So it's a mix of the 2, but the details of the program are often better run off of our own internal data.
Andrew J. Burke: Adam, as you know, we don't give guidance. I want to be a little bit careful here, a. And b, when we run this, partly and particularly in agribusiness, one of the key decisions for us is how much to invest in working capital. That is not a fixed number or just a matter of optimizing the number of days. It's what businesses do we want to participate in or what rate of return are they bringing. That is only to say we run the scenario at a number of net asset levels based on how aggressively we will be able to invest in working capital and we won't. Having said that, your numbers are in a range of possibilities that could eventuate as a way to get there. But I don't want to say it's the most likely case and the only case. There are cases with better asset management than that, that may end up with a little bit lower of a EPS but get you to a higher return based on what the market gives us an opportunity to do.
Andrew J. Burke: I covered it a little bit earlier. As we go through the course of the year, if you look at our numbers, you see a normal seasonal pattern that follows the harvest. So the fact that we would have an outflow in the first quarter is not unusual. A lot of farmers in the U.S. defer receded cash for their grains from the third and fourth quarters into the first quarter for tax purposes. So we usually have that flow and then we start the purchases in Brazil and South America. So the first quarter number was not unusual. As we move through the rest of the year, there's 2 factors that define it. One is we do have a tight working capital management to use as little working capital on normal operations as we can, particularly in our processing of businesses. But secondly, it is an ongoing capital allocation decision that we make, where if we were to invest in additional businesses, are the margins and returns in that business high enough or not to have us increase our investment, or are they low enough that we should decrease our investment of working capital, and we make that decision. So it will depend a lot as to how the market plays going forward. I think if we look at inventory and receivable levels go out the rest of the year, we'd look to take 1 day or 2 off our historical levels. And other than that, it's going to depend on the investment opportunities. Having said that, our base models do not have significant builds or declines in working capital.
Andrew J. Burke: Ken, our CapEx spending would have a hurdle rate on a cash flow basis at least 1.5x usually our cost of capital. So if our cost of capital is 7%, we're talking about 10.5% plus depending on the risk we would assign to a certain project is what we would look for and that would not as applies to all of the maintenance and investments. So in rough terms, if you would expect a 10% cash return over our CapEx budget that's probably fair.
Andrew J. Burke: As you said, Diane, we're getting into some esoteric territory here. The $50 million being recuperated, it's not a one-for-one in the way the accounting works. So that $50 million will stay. But the way we think about our freight is if we would take our full freight book now, all the leases we've charted in and compared them to market, where do we stand? Are we at market, above market or below market? And right now, our freight costs are about $70 million below market. A lot of that will come in '15 and '16 though, not so much in the rest of '14. So '14 would -- kind of the rest of the year, we think, will be about pretty neutral on that basis with then the benefit coming in the second half of some of those charters we got out there, and the lighter part of the charters in '15 and '16. And then separate from that is you got the mark-to-market on the derivative that can move around in any quarter and it does come back. But again, it's not a one-to-one match. And I'm sorry for a little bit of that vagueness. It's just that the accounting rules don't fit our ocean freight business that well and could simplify why that's the case is your mark-to-mark derivatives to market, but mark-to-market your lease contracts to market. So you're marking half of the transaction in effect.
