Soren W. Schroder: Thank you, Mark. I'm turning to slide number 3. First quarter results came in stronger than expected when excluding mark-to-market on committed crush and signal an awaited transition into a period of much improved margins and performance especially in soy crush. Our teams took advantage of a quickly changing environment and we have positioned the company for very strong performance in the balance of the year. The combination of much reduced soybean availability in Argentina and strong underlying consumption of both protein and oils has increased demand for and therefore margins of soy crush capacity in other regions, especially the United States and in Europe. Shifting trade flows of both soybeans and soy products as well as corn are putting a premium on our logistics assets and distribution capabilities and more dynamic markets have widened margins across the value chains. Our global footprint is built for this type of environment. We can effectively direct capacity and trade flows between origins to serve our global customer base during times of rapid market shifts and volatility. As a result of these improved market conditions and our capabilities, we're confident of a significant growth in Agribusiness performance in 2018 and beyond. In Foods, results were higher in all regions except for our Edible Oils business in South America where ample oil supplies from a strong crushing environment have pressured retail prices. Performances in our Edible Oils businesses in North America, Europe and Asia were solid and we are successfully growing share with key accounts. The Milling business in Brazil is showing signs of turning and margins are expected to improve sequentially as the smaller domestic wheat crop is consumed and the economy continues to grow. Our acquisition of Loders Croklaan closed in early March. We welcome the talented colleagues of Loders Croklaan to Bunge and look forward to working together. This is a new and exciting chapter for Bunge's Edible Oil business and will bring the share of added value contribution closer to our target of 35%. In addition, we continue to progress towards the separation of our Brazilian sugarcane milling business. We have committed debt financing for the business and are now in a position where we could operate on a stand-alone basis. To progress with the separation process, we expect to be in a position to make an initial filing in Brazil to explore the possibility of an IPO as soon as later this month. While current sugar prices are depressed, we believe the ethanol market outlook is positive and we are well positioned both operationally and financially to perform profitably. Whether we proceed with the transaction will depend upon our view of market conditions and valuation expectations at that time. The Global Competitiveness Program is progressing well and on track towards a $100 million target for this year, which is in addition to the $80 million of savings from industrial supply chain initiatives. While this transformation has been challenging, a lot of positive energy is being created within Bunge by a sharper focus on markets and customers, and our industrial and supply chain programs continue to deliver strong savings with a particular focus on energy and staffing efficiencies. We remain focused on disciplined capital allocation and driving returns back above cost of capital as the year progresses. These rapid shifts in industry dynamics is a reminder of how little it takes to shift the delicate balance of supply and demand for both capacity and raw materials. We are uniquely equipped to leverage these dynamics. We also know there's more we can do to unlock value from our global footprint, which we'll continue to pursue whether through regional or more global partnerships to strengthen our market positions and improve operating efficiencies. So, after a tough period, 2018 has started off better than we expected. We are ready and well prepared to deliver a strong performance this year and are accordingly raising our full year outlook, as Thom will now discuss with you.
Soren W. Schroder: Thank you, Thom, and I am on slide number 11. As you've heard from Thom, the outlook for this year is very good for Bunge because underlying demand for agricultural products is so strong, it only takes very small changes in supply or demand to have significant impact. In 6 of the last 10 years, we've had some kind of events which changed trade flows and made our markets more dynamic. And after a couple of years of lackluster markets, this year, the event is that we do soybean crop in Argentina and the resulting increase in demand for soy crush capacity in Brazil, United States, and Europe. The improvement in crushing margins and shift in trade flows are significant and play to our strength. Many factors converged in 2017 to create the challenging conditions we faced. We believe the improved market conditions of this year combined with our global footprint and the benefits from the actions we've taken to be leaner and more efficient put us in a position to approach and even exceed prior peak performance and earnings power over the medium term. We therefore remain steadfast in our strategy of strengthening and leveraging our global footprint, connecting the integrated value chains in Grains and Oilseeds while growing the share of added value in our portfolio and driving significant efficiencies and simplicity in our operations. We have a clear sense of urgency to grow earnings and cash flows and getting our returns back above cost of capital. And with that, I will turn it back over to the operator for your questions.
Soren W. Schroder: Okay. We are assuming from the, let's say, the prior guidance that we gave in February, where we took margins from say an average of roughly $25 to $30 another step from $30 to $40. And that is a weighted average of our crush margins in South America, U.S., Europe, and China, so about a $10 step-up to an average of about $40.
Soren W. Schroder: Yeah. I mean the net effect is obviously a significant positive. In fact, most of the increase in the guidance comes from the impact of the global rise in crush margins outside of Argentina. But even in Argentina, margins are better now than they were last year by quite a bit. And that has more to do, I think, with the industry running at disciplined rates considering the size of the crop and not getting ahead of commitments over and above what we're actually able to price from farmers. So, in Argentina, despite the lower crop, we believe we will have a decent year, but the impact of course in Brazil, in the U.S., and Europe – U.S. and Europe in particular, will be significantly positive.
Soren W. Schroder: I would say it's significantly better. Couple of areas, the benefit in crush margins. This whole dislocation is obviously accruing partly to Brazil, but the other thing is that the industry and ourselves included are not on the wrong side of things. We are not chasing neither the farmer nor logistics to fulfill commitments this year as we were last year where everything just started out in the wrong way. We did what we said, build in a lot more flexibility in our logistics and our approach to the market and sort of let it play out. And that's obviously been the right decision to make. On top of that, the combination of a weaker real and some volatility but upward trending prices in Chicago has given the farmer a good reason to sell. So the selling pace in Brazil compared to same time last year is probably a good 10% ahead. So we created lot more liquidity at the farm level in Brazil combined with a lot more flexibility in our system and the result is a better outlook for sure.
Soren W. Schroder: Yeah. I think that is more a question of the absolute level of flat price of soybean meal than it is necessarily a matter of the crush margin. And so far, although meal has taken most of the – made most of the margin increase, it is still not at the level where we feel that we are seeing any demand disruption or shifts to other proteins. In fact, the global marketplace is well supplied with soybeans. So, there's no real reason for the absolute level of flat prices to escalate. It's more really a matter of how the meal situation plays out. So far, we feel we're in good shape, but it is clearly one of those we have to keep watching as the year develops. There is a point, but it is not yet where competing proteins will eat into soybean meal demand. But I think we are still quite a ways from that point.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, we definitely have to do that, and we are. But the underlying belief we have in the global soy crush business is that it is a good one for the long haul. Capacity utilization will continue to increase even this year on a global basis, and we think that will continue for a number of years to come. And reality is that outside of China, we need roughly between 4 million and 5 million tons of additional soybean meal every year. And eventually, as the gap of excess capacity closes, we need to create margins that encourage expansion. You can say that's certainly the case at the moment, but it has to last. So, we believe that the soy crushing business will be a good one beyond 2018. Maybe there will be an adjustment down in margins that would be normal as Argentina comes back next year, but it will still be healthy levels and certainly much, much above what we experienced in 2007 (sic) [2017] (27:40), plus we'll have a full year of benefit instead of what really is three quarters this year. So, we feel very good about that. I mean, I think Agribusiness is back in a big way, and it's not just crush; it's the entire chain and the value of our footprint. And on top of that, we've got a lot of exciting things going on in Foods, as you know, and Competitiveness Program and so forth. So, there's certainly more to look forward to beyond 2018.
Soren W. Schroder: Yeah. I think last year was a big lesson for everybody, and we aren't going to get into the same situation one more time. In fact, utilization rates in Argentina and across all of South America last year and the U.S. in crush were quite significant and should have resulted in much, much better margins than we actually realized. And we talked about a little bit earlier how the whole industry got on the wrong side of the farmer and the market, really had a ripple effect throughout the entire year. I think we know how to operate differently now. So, the underlying health of the crushing business is absolutely there beyond this year, as I just said. And we feel that 2019 in crush should be a very good year and beyond. So, yeah, I think we know how to anticipate this a little bit better and the flexibility we've talked about earlier is absolutely key.
Soren W. Schroder: Yeah. Right. Well, first of all, it's not like there are none. They still exist. We've reduced quite significantly. So, it's more a matter of sizing it and finding that correct balance between risk and reward. The risk of not having it all covered and the reward of having the flexibility. And every year, that's an exercise that we go through. We struck the right balance this year. And certainly, the thing that is clear is not just business as usual. This is something that you really have to evaluate carefully every year. It's one of the biggest commercial decisions you make ahead of a campaign. And I think we, as I said, we learned – we, in the industry, learned a lesson from 2017. And I think we are better equipped now to make the right judgments. But it's not like there are no take-or-pay. There are definitely and there will remain. It's just about how big they are and what is the benefit of going beyond the midpoint. So, it's a process.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, of course. I mean the underlying belief in the crushing business is really all about crush capacity utilization driven by strong demand for meal and oil. And we've laid that out on a couple of occasions and it hasn't really changed. Every year, there is additional demand outside of China for roughly 5 million tons of soybean meal that will have to be fulfilled either by eating into the excess capacity that exists, and when that is depleted, additional capacity that has to come on-stream. So, historically, margins have responded to levels of capacity utilization. And once you get above the 80% level on average, interesting things happen. So as you correctly say, we were on the path for improving margins anyways before the Argentine crop development. And I believe that this year would have been a very good year for soy crushing irrespective of the Argentine situation. That only accelerated it and has put a little fuel on the fire, so to speak, for this year. But as we settle back into a more normal environment next year, we believe it will be at solid margins, significantly above what we saw in 2017. And then, we will, over this ensuing years, again, have to re-approach levels where encourage (33:56) expansion. So, it's really a – it's a story of capacity utilization, evolution over the medium-term, driven by strong underlying demand of protein and oils and, of course, in almost all regions in the world except for Argentina, ample supply of soybeans. So, it's kind of as simple as that.
Soren W. Schroder: Yeah. That is correct. We saw that starting to play out in this – in the last quarter of last year where the industry as a whole determined the risk reward of crushing unpriced beans was not a good one. In fact, in light of the changing export duty or tax, it was a very bad decision. And so, as we got into the latter part of 2017 and the beginning of this year, the crush rates adjusted quickly to about 60%, which was in line with what we could actually commercialize from farmers. And that led to a rather quick adjustment in crush margins. In addition to that, I should say, we and probably others took some actions back last August-September by curtailing crush. Part of it was in Argentina, part of it was in Europe, part of it was in Brazil to stem the over crushing that had taken place in Argentina during the period of last summer and that clearly had an impact as this whole situation evolved. So, there are things we can do and there are things we did to help ourselves adjust capacity and crush levels. And as you mentioned, the crushing in pace with farmer selling was probably the single most important thing that happened as we got into the fourth quarter.
Soren W. Schroder: We have been relatively conservative on the outlook for the grain origination for the balance of the year, and that's – I would say conservative is a good way to put it both in Brazil and the U.S. In the U.S., the picture for the second half of the year certainly September through December is significantly better than a year ago and that could present an upside. And in Brazil, farmer selling and the whole setup could lead to better margins. So, it's conservative. There's upside in that, which we'll hopefully realize as the year goes along. And regarding the port in Argentina, thanks goodness nobody got hurt. It was a pretty serious collision. One of the ship loaders got taken out, but it's one of two that served that facility. So, the facility is still operating, but at reduced capacity. And we believe we can channel the flows that otherwise would have gone through the second berth through some of our other installations upriver and it's kind of the advantage of having multiple sites. So, it shouldn't mean significant – we haven't taken that into account as a negative in our guidance, and we think we'll be able to work our way through, but the ship loader is likely out for several months and maybe until next year, next season.
Soren W. Schroder: Yeah. It's just a matter of seeing how the next month or two plays out. Most of the beans we bought in Brazil, so far, have been allocated to crush because that's where margins were better. And as you said, the safrinha crop at the moment is still – it's definitely lower than a year ago. How much? We don't know yet. It's still early. So, we've just built in a little conservatism on that side. It certainly represents some upside for the year.
Soren W. Schroder: Yeah, I think – I can take the first part. Maybe Thom can take the second. This – a little history or context is probably important. This will be the fourth year in our Milling business where we will be profitable. We spent the last three, three-and-a-half years making significant improvements to that business from a cost perspective, how we run it, how we manage risk around it. And we now have a track record, a lot of improvements, good work has been done. Free cash flow positive, EBIT positive. It's a business now that we feel can stand on its own feet despite the fact that it's been a challenging environment. On the sugar side, yes, prices are low but we have a fair amount of it hedged for this year and next but we feel equally strong that ethanol will be a good surprise this year. Fuel demand in Brazil is strong. Weaker real combined with higher global fuel prices should price ethanol at a premium and certainly higher than it did last year compensating for a lot of the weakness in sugar. So that combined with the operational improvements means that we still feel this year will be a profitable one. And from that perspective, what we are now exploring is whether or not that can be translated into successful market acceptance of a business like that. And it is the end of a piece of work that we started a little over a year ago and we now have that option available to us, one that we will exercise if we feel the price is right and value is fair, but not one that we have to move on. But the business can take a market environment like that which would be encouraging to any future investor. But as for the process from here, I'll let Thom describe what you're up against.
Soren W. Schroder: No. I think that it will be higher than that. And again I don't want to put a number on it. It's too early, but it would probably be similar to the range we currently are discussing, knowing that it is still very early, and I don't really want to get into putting numbers on it but better than the initial look. That's for sure.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, we'll be above cost of capital which is at 7%. How much? I really don't want to put a number on it. A lot of it depends on inventory evolution at the balance of the year. But as you mentioned, one of the big things that's hurting the ROIC at the moment is the fact that we deliberately build up significant inventories, particularly in South America, in anticipation of this good environment. So, that's hurting us now. That should reverse as the year progresses. But by how much, it's hard to tell. The whole trade situation with China plays into this. But it'll be above the 7% and it should be a significant recovery from where we are now. This is a low point for sure. And so, as we replace a good Q2 with not a good Q of last year, you'll see that bump up fairly significantly starting already next quarter, all else equal. So, I think in terms of guidance, specifically, I think we just leave it at above 7% and then see how it plays out.
Soren W. Schroder: We have not taken into account in our forecast for the year in the segment any impact on trade with China. The optimism we have around ethanol in Brazil is really just about the domestic equation and competitiveness between ethanol and gasoline. And, as you know, Petrobras is now adjusting prices on a regular basis. And so, the entire increase in global gasoline plus the weaker currency is being translated into better ethanol prices at the pump as the year progresses. So that's really all that's in the outlook, but it is a positive outlook. I don't know whether or not China would take any additional ethanol from Brazil or not. If that was the case it would be an additional upside. On the other hand, that might then open up the window for U.S. ethanol to go to Brazil. So that's a lot of moving parts that are difficult to put a number on. But the upside in ethanol, whether it is in the current market environment or whether it is through the encouraging signs of the biofuels policy that's under development in Brazil, those are definitely all positives for our business. In Brazil, 60% of what we produce is ethanol so we are skewed towards ethanol in our Milling business which is a good thing. And a future investor and ourselves as a significant remaining investor should look at that as a positive. So, I would think it supports a good valuation.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, we can. Loders, we believe, will be around 6% per annum going into next year. Our own Oils business should be – maybe a little bit less than that, 5%. Milling volumes have started to recover particularly in Brazil. It's hard to put a number on what it might be for next year because it is still so linked to the economic recovery. And so there's no straight line, but I would certainly hope that we would have an increase in our milling volumes in Brazil, this versus last, and then going into 2019 of probably 10%. So, that's about the growth rate we're talking about. In the Milling business, it's probably more about margins than it is volumes. And in the Oils business, I think the drive that we have towards higher margin added-value products is probably as important of a driver as volumes as well, and we feel pretty confident about being successful on that front, so, good strong growth in both margin and volumes in both Milling and Oils going into next year.
Soren W. Schroder: Yeah. I would say – in oils, I would say yes. In Milling, it is still in the making. We would like to have another quarter or two in Brazil to reaffirm that. The things from a margin perspective really are getting better. So, hold back on that one a little.
Soren W. Schroder: Yeah. Well, there are many aspects that I would say are more certain than not. One is the remaining $150 million of the Global Competitiveness Program that will come into play between 2019 and 2020. It is the reversion to some more normal market environment and margins in our Milling business, probably another $50 million. It is a step-up in our organic Oils business, as we just talked about, volumes and margins are favorable. And then it is Loders. Loders, as Thom mentioned, is a $35 million EBIT at the moment on a full year basis and that includes that step-up in depreciation. But on top of that comes business growth plus the remaining $65 million of synergies that we have plugged in for the next couple of years. So between all those factors, and not even talking about Agri business, there should be plenty of headroom for earnings growth next year and beyond. And in Agri business, as we just talked about earlier, we really have not dialed in a lot in terms of upside in grain origination for this year. We've been pretty conservative. And the same thing goes for distribution and freight and logistics. We've got a big business outside of – out of crush, including soft seed crush which we've also been reasonably conservative on for this year. A lot of this – a lot of the soft seed profitability depends on the crop size, which is still in the making. We're just planting the crops in Canada and in Eastern Europe, but that represents some upside as well. So, there are other things in soy crush that will make up for even a reversion back to something a bit more normal next year. So, we feel good about the total and the ability to grow from wherever we end up this year.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, from a commercial perspective this year is, in my view, a return to more normal than last year was for sure. Yes, the Argentine situation has accelerated things a bit, but people would have seen a nice step-up in earnings anyways. Insofar as corporate actions are concerned, we've got many of them. The biggest one is the Competitiveness Program. Thom, you can talk about that in some more detail, but between this year and last year, it's $100 million. And as I just mentioned, there's another $150 million coming. We feel very good about that.
Soren W. Schroder: You can add to that, Ken, the continued focus we have in all the industrial and supply chain efficiencies. Maybe not every single dollar of that goes to the bottom line but, this year, its $80 million. And we've come off several years of having really improved the efficiency of our global footprint. We have more in store. So, that's another big chunk. And in terms of corporate actions, I would say that includes also investing in things that make sense. Loders is one of those. The crushing capacity we bought in Europe last year which, okay, admittedly, last year didn't feel so good, but it certainly feels really good right now. The Minsa – masa mills we bought earlier this year in the U.S., I mean, those were all – those are all corporate actions or decisions that will boost earnings over the next period. So, I don't know exactly how you want to add all that up. But there is structural improvement both from a cost and a strategic perspective that will flow into the P&L, part of it we see this year and part of it will come next year and in 2020.
Soren W. Schroder: I think we do feel that way and the order of magnitude that you just described is about right and I think actually matches up fairly well with the ranges that we gave at Investor Day a year and something ago. We don't feel any of that has changed really. So, you go back to that and you'll see both Agribusiness and Food & Ingredients playing out in those ranges, so yes.
Thomas Michael Boehlert: Sure. Hi, Adam. Hi, Adam. Yeah, the objective, as Soren mentioned, was to position ourselves to have the options available and be able to execute on them at the right time, based on our judgment of valuation. So, the process of preparing to potentially do an IPO started many months ago, as you can imagine. And of course, the sugar price environment changes over time. So, where we are is – and again, I don't want to say too much about the outlook or valuation or anything like that because we may be making a filing for a public transaction in the near future. But where we are is we've got a business that is – that can operate on its own, its own management, its own governance, its own risk processes, its own customer relationships. We just executed a financing, so it could – so it'll be – have the opportunity to finance itself on a nonrecourse basis. And we're in a position to move forward with either that public option or a trade sale if that happens to surface at a reasonable value. So, whether or not we actually pull the trigger will be a function of valuations, whether we think it makes sense at the time. Ethanol is a big piece of the picture here, and if we were to do a public transaction, we would be selling a minority interest. So we would continue to participate in the market dynamics for a period of time going forward. And so all those factors will come into our judgment at the time, but we – the objective was to put ourselves in a position where we had the options.
Thomas Michael Boehlert: Yeah. Exactly. I mean, we've talked about that on these calls before, and we're tracking to plan. And as you can see, the slide we put in the deck is kind of a directional comparison to first quarter of last year. So, that's a significant driver of earnings.
Thomas Michael Boehlert: Yeah. So, what I said is about two-thirds would – we would benefit from in Q2 and the rest for the balance of the year. And in terms of how we put capacity on and sell it over time, it's a dynamic process. We clearly would typically have more for capacity sold in the nearer term and less going out further. And that's all a function of our view on markets and risk return, as well as liquidity in the market to actually transact. And so depending on what's available from a financial perspective or a customer perspective, we layer in these sales over time through a portfolio of contracts and that's what gets mark-to-market. So, I would say we are – we have a relatively balanced portfolio of future capacity that we have begun to sell going forward. It's heavier in the near-term and lighter in the second half of the year.
Thomas Michael Boehlert: So, yeah. Let me just maybe just back up to the starting point, which was the original investment piece, time back to the call we had on this which was the first year $105 million of EBITDA, $15 million of synergies and DD&A of about $63 million with the step-up that we had at that point in time. And that would have resulted in on a GAAP basis, dilution of $0.06 or so in the first year. And that's basically where we are. We're consolidating 10 months for the first year and you could call it probably $0.06 or so of dilution. And we also said that it would be accretive by year 2020 and as a percentage of our overall EPS in that year. That, of course, depends on what the EPS for the rest of the company is. But on the call we had at that time, we sort of landed on $0.30 in 2020 of accretion. And so, assuming the investment case plays out as we had anticipated, and we have no reason to believe it won't, you can kind of extrapolate what a 2019 would look like, maybe slightly accretive on a GAAP basis.
