Gary Heminger: So, Ed, as you know, as we have talked on this call before, we have many forms of support. Let me back up really and talk about this transaction and the overall market. I still continue to be surprised at how the overall market has performed, especially how MPLX has performed. In a higher yield environment, of course, we need to talk about possibly support earlier than we had initially planned than later. But I think the industrial logic is still so strong with the combination of these two companies, MarkWest having just an outstanding suite of assets and growth opportunities and MPLX having a tremendous backlog and a growing backlog of EBITDA that is eligible for drop-downs as we go down the road. Of course, we have tremendous flexibility. I'm not going to tie us down to just one. But we can incubate projects and that's our plan going forward and we have been very specific about that plan going forward. And when I step back and look at the overall environment in this MLP world today and look at how strong MPLX is and you compare us against other MLPs that were just a drop-down story before, we still compare very, very favorably, if not one of the best in industry and now we're tying it to a very strong growth profile. And so I step back and look at it at, Ed -- I really don't look at it as whether it's a gathering of processing, whether it's a natural gas MLP, whether it's a refined products MLP, a retail MLP. It's what is your backlog and what's the quality of the EBITDA that you have. And I believe that we have, again, one of the best-quality inventories of EBITDA that can go into this sector going forward. And as I said, we looked at incubating projects. We take the backlog of projects that MarkWest has, we can incubate those projects inside MPC, drop them in at the right time. We can do many other things. Look at the multiples on how we drop down assets, other commercial arrangements where we do intercompany loans, IDR givebacks, the list goes on and on of the flexibility. But on the front side, we now -- based on the yield environment of MLPs and I do expect that our yield will improve substantially as the market gets more comfortable that this combination is going forward.
Gary Heminger: Right. And we did do, obviously, a tremendous amount of due diligence before we ever signed this agreement. But step back, Ed and look at the Marcellus and the Utica. And you look at -- you all and everyone on this call is very familiar with some of the major producers in these regions and the success that they continue to have in the Marcellus and the Utica at this time. The areas of -- and just some of the wells that have been made public recently are very large wells in the acreage positions that we have. I will let Frank talk about his current environment more when he has his earnings call next week. So I'm not going to go overstep my bounds here with his current business, but we did a lot of work on the due diligence. We believe the break-even cost in the Marcellus and Utica which is the predominant area of influence of MarkWest, continue to be some of the best basins in the country. And if there is a slowdown, as we've already indicated, we will consider dropping down earlier.  And we've talked about this $1.6 billion of project backlog or EBITDA backlog we have inside MPC and that continues to grow as we go forward. The key, though, that we're very interested in and the logic behind this deal on a combination is we have the balance sheet and the financial strength to really take the backlog of projects within MarkWest and bring them to the table. And I think that will overshadow any drop-off in -- from the producer side.
Gary Heminger: Wow, I don't know that I have enough time to talk about that, Neil. But anyway, let me -- I believe the last time we were together, the market continues to illustrate that we're going to be lower for longer. I believe especially as you see the trade flows and you look at the crude resources that are coming from the Middle East, West Africa that is moving into the East Coast today. But specifically those crudes -- and we're finding some other supply sources, mainly Iraqi crudes -- I can have Michael Palmer, who's with me today, address this more -- but Iraqi crudes that are coming into the Gulf. And I think what this is going to illustrate for a longer period of time, you're going to see the influence of imports on top of continued domestic production. While domestic production has somewhat flattened out, especially in the Permian and the Eagle Ford, we're continuing to see -- and we see this through our ownership in LOOP, we're continuing to see good growth in offshore Gulf of Mexico production. So for the remainder of the year and into next year, we're still looking probably in the $50 to $55 range. You might get up into the higher 50s mid-to-later next year. I think we're going to be probably range-bound in that arena for most of 2016 and probably into 2017 until you start to see -- because you're going to have to see not only some domestic production, but you're going to have to see a balancing of this incremental Iraqi production coming on. And you also have to watch where Russia is taking some of their production and how they have been taking some of their production out of strategic petroleum reserve into other parts of the world and the effect that has on the Asian markets. So I would keep all those things in mind when you look at those, Neil. Bringing it back, then, to spreads here domestically, I think with the incremental production, as I just mentioned, coming in from the Gulf Coast, I think that bodes well for the supply side. We're coming down off the high-demand quarter here in the U.S. as far as refining capacity and the crude that is needed to satisfy the refining capacity in the U.S.. And I think here as we get into the latter part of the fourth quarter -- first quarter, you're going to see spreads widen out -- Brent, Tuck-in and I will let Mike Palmer, who is the expert on the spread market, add anything to it.
Gary Heminger: Well, Chi, I believe this deal is still very, very compelling. We've already -- I think the biggest and most positive action, we announced today when we reaffirmed guidance. But you just step back and look at the strength of MPC's balance sheet, MPLX's balance sheet, the financial position we're in -- it bodes very well to take this combination which I think sets us up on a pedestal as the best combination in the business going forward. And we feel it's a compelling enterprise. We have a number of options that I already talked about. And we believe, in effect -- we think today, tomorrow, we will go effective with a proxy and it will be sent out shortly.
Gary Heminger: Right. And that's what -- maybe not necessarily closed, Chi; it just depends on the timing. But Thanksgiving and another bank holiday or I guess it's Veterans Day, that is coming up, we lose two business days. So, unfortunately, that's just the way the timing worked; it moved us back just the day to be able to have the analyst meeting. So, yes, that's as we would expect to have the vote in the first, second of December time frame.
Gary Heminger: Well, you're right in your first statement. That certainly is in our base case. We're very confident that this creates a -- just a stellar position in the marketplace, one with a strong financial position, a tremendous growth profile. But if for some reason it did not go through, you're absolutely right, we would revert to MPLX 101.
Gary Heminger: And Evan, the other thing about those two pipelines -- and Mike was speaking to the tremendous advantage to MPC -- is that gives a great cash flow EBITDA stream then back to MPLX down the road.
Gary Heminger: As Tim mentioned in his script today, we're very pleased here -- October year to date, we're up 1.8% in Speedway on the gasoline side. And you will recall when we spoke last year about this same time, we were looking for an increase in gasoline demand. However, we were in the shoulder quarter and it really didn't kick off until early into the second quarter. I think the consumer really had some confidence that this gasoline price was here to stay. And gasoline demand has been very robust over the second, third quarter and now starting into the fourth quarter. On top of that, you look at exports for both gasoline demand and distillates demand and we, too, set a new record here in this quarter for our refined product exports with 333,000 barrels per day. So -- and we will continue to ramp up our gasoline exports as we've completed a couple of gasoline tanks, both in Garyville and continuing to improve in Galveston Bay, with our logistics to be able to move out the gasoline. So we think that going into 2016 here -- and as I mentioned earlier on the macro side of crude, I think that stands to benefit the consumer very well and you will continue to see good gasoline incremental demand. Turning to the distillate side, global distillates have been a bit flat. And I would say it's because -- if you look at over-the-road diesel here in the U.S., it still -- and we have pretty good optics through all of the travel centers and commercial fueling locations that Tony has done at Speedway. So we have a pretty good feel of overall gas or distillate demand and our distillate export demand continues to be strong. I think what you're seeing is that, across the globe and how some of the regions in the globe have changed, some of the exports and the globe in which they are hitting have slowed down a little bit. Our distillate demand exports continue to be very strong. But it appears on a macro basis, some parts of the globe, distillate demand has slowed a little bit.
Gary Heminger: Well, it appears as though there's been a slowdown in Asia and all of us have seen that. And then, obviously Brazil has had some bit of a somewhat of a slowdown. Europe continues to be robust. The Latin American countries for the most part continue to be strong. And you are seeing more of an incremental gasoline pickup in the Latin American countries than other parts of the world. So the markets in which we serve continue to be very strong. But I was answering that question, Doug, on a global basis -- and the new refineries that have come on in Saudi Arabia, some in China and I think that is just the material balance. The way it's moving around the world is where you are seeing some softness.
Gary Heminger: No. In fact, Paul, I'm glad you brought that question forward. We believe that is the most important part of our platform of this strategic combination is that we're running -- all of our midstream assets are running very well. We do not see stranded investment. And as a number of peers and members of the industry within the MLP community are starting to talk about lowering their guidance and reducing their investment, lowering their guidance going forward, we just reaffirmed again this morning, I believe this is now the third time since we announced this transaction that we have reaffirmed our guidance and where we believe to go or where we're going to go with this with our midstream. And it's based on the fundamentals of our business. We have such a backlog and projects within MarkWest. We have a backlog with some projects within MPC. And a lot of the barrels that are going to move through some of these projects are barrels that we already control. So, as I said, many are backing up on their growth. And from Ed Westlake's first question this morning is why I wanted to speak to that. Is we have a very, very strong case and I believe we deserve to be -- our yield deserves to be much lower and priced with the high drop-down, high-value MLPs in the business. And let me ask Don Templin to make a few comments as well.
Gary Heminger: And Paul, we're one of the few MLPs that have the financial strength to be able to get this done. Those projects, the back-up that's in the Utica, the Marcellus, they don't get done unless you have a strong balance sheet. And you can incubate these projects over time. That's where the strategic logic is.
Gary Heminger: No, that's a fair question, Paul. I will take the latter question on the ROUX first and then I will come back to GVR. On the ROUX, we continue to look to see if there's -- if we have use of some of this long lead equipment. It's specifically designed and it's called long lead because it takes three or four years to be able to fabricate some of this. So, for the most part, what we did is we stopped the fabrication early in the stages. Therefore, it would not have -- for the most part, it's not in a finished state. So it would have very little lead. The majority of that $144 million was the preliminary engineering. Of course, all of that has value down the road as markets turn around. And we'll reevaluate -- I said in my talk earlier, this still is a very strong project and makes a good strategic process platform inside of our system. But the markets have certainly turn south. And if the spreads aren't going to be there, it doesn't make sense to go forward. As far as our FID process, our FID process worked very well here in that we didn't force something to go through and we minimized all of the fabrication expense. We have not done any work in the field as far as any construction or any earth-moving whatsoever in order to be able to start this project. Our FID process and the steps that we go through to make that final decision worked very well. But as always, Paul, we try to certainly back-end load any type of equipment, any long lead time until we have clearly a final decision. When we made that decision two years ago, this was a 25% recurring project and the market certainly has turned the other direction. And then your first question about Galveston Bay, you stole our thunder a little bit. That will be the centerpiece of what we will talk about on analyst day. We're going to talk about Galveston Bay, we will talk about our midstream business because it's going to be a combination analyst day meeting with MPLX. We will spend a lot of time on midstream and then obviously spend a lot of time, Tony already mentioned -- Speedway. So we will be giving a lot of those, as you say, low-hanging fruit, how we will harvest. And the type of projects we're looking at Galveston Bay will have quick returns and quick returns of EBITDA and they won't be long-lead projects of capital that's many, many years out before you start getting your return.
Gary Heminger: Well, we will just continue to follow that through, Brad. We continue to believe Speedway, as you said, is a very, very strategic part of our portfolio along with our refining system and our midstream and how everything works and we move those volumes through our integrated logistics space, but we will cover that down the road.
Gary Heminger: Well, you look at MarkWest by itself today -- and they've stated publicly, they have about $1.5 billion of CapEx in their plan this year. That will be coming on some work they already had going on. And as fields mature -- and the other thing is how they are improving utilization of the assets that they already have in place. You take on top of that the assets that we have already put into the MLP, how they continue to grow. And then one of the things that is kind of a flywheel, if you look at it, is how we move refined products. Sometimes it makes more sense to move refined products out the exports. Sometimes it makes more sense to take them through our pipeline systems. And we take that all into account. And then you couple that with possible drop-downs that we may look at. The other thing is -- let me turn it over to Pam. Pam Beall is here with me. Pam is managing all of the transition between MPLX and MarkWest, so let me have Pam give you some of her thoughts.
Gary Heminger: It's, first of all, a specific project, Brian. And it's the market conditions that we're seeing today. This project was all about taking heavy residue [ph], upgrading it through the ROUX and making [indiscernible] for diesel. And it's a spread from that. And we all know where crude prices have gone, therefore where the product price has gone and the spread has collapsed significantly. As I stated at one time, this specific project had a 25% return. It's going to have about $800 million to $1 billion of annual EBITDA and our FID process work, we're on top of that. And it suggests that the market conditions if they are going to be lower for longer, now is not the time to invest in them. But we believe that the backdrop to that is we have superior projects specifically around Galveston Bay that are higher rates of return, much quicker returns of capital into our marketplace that makes more sense. So, yes, we wrote this off. We shelved this for the time being. But when the markets come back, we have all the engineering done, complete and we can pull it off the -- you don't say shelf anymore, you pull it out of the computer and away you go. So the right decision from a capital discipline approach, but it gives us the available capital. There are other projects in refining and, of course, other good returns that we have either in the midstream or in the Speedway space.
Gary Heminger: Right and I just had a similar question to that. We've been very clear -- you and I have traveled and talked about this in the past. Speedway is a very strategic part of our business. Our strategies are we want to have a very high-control volume out of our refinery specifically for gasoline. And as Speedway continues to grow the diesel part of its business, it is certainly continuing to help that. I think if you want to look at the capture rate from our refining and the margins that we get from some of our refining, it certainly helps having Speedway in order to have a very ratable demand source that has taken your refined product. Lastly, as I said last year when we did the acquisition of the Speedway East, that we want to grow Speedway to be a $1 billion-a-year EBITDA business and I will knock on wood and we will share more with you at analyst day, but I think we're pretty much going to be there in the first year of operations. So, it illustrates that our strategy -- the tremendous execution by Tony and the Speedway team in order to be able to accomplish this, to get about twice as many stores reconverted in the first year than we had anticipated is very, very strong. But we will share more with you at analyst day. I think your real question is are we thinking about spinning Speedway off and the answer is--
Gary Heminger: Yes, we did 333,000 this quarter. Let me ask Rich Bedell and Mike Palmer may have a few comments as well.
Gary Heminger: No, we don't think there's that much. In fact, a lot of upsets around the world in refining over the last quarter have been able to soak up a lot of that excess inventory in the marketplace. But you are right; it goes back, Roger, to basic economic theory. It's not going to take much to turn that distillate market around. Whether it's 50,000 barrels a day or 100,000 barrels a day, it's fairly balanced today. And so it's not going to take much to happen. A little bit of pickup in Asia, a little bit of pickup in Brazil that I was mentioning earlier. Europe continues to remain strong. So it's not going to take much to, I think, put things in a positive position on the distillate side of the equation.
Mike Palmer: Gary, I couldn't have said it better myself. The one thing I guess I would add is just, again, in the third quarter, we did run a little more sour crude than we did in the quarter before or the third quarter last year. And I think one of the things that we're seeing, of course, is that the Gulf of Mexico production continues to increase. And then in addition to that, we have seen -- as Gary pointed out, we have seen some foreign cargo opportunities into the Gulf Coast that we've taken advantage of and others have as well. And I think that's likely to continue, as, again, Gary pointed out the Iraqi crude is being produced. There is certainly the possibility that we will have some Iranian crude that we will be trading in the world -- increased volumes next year. And I think that will continue to have some pressure against sour grades that should look attractive. On the other hand, the sweet crude, as we have talked about before, on the Gulf has been a little more expensive. There is not a surplus in this light-sweet crude waiting to find a home. The producers have many avenues to clear it. So, again, that to me points toward probably a little more sour crude that we will run.
Mike Palmer: Yes, Chi, I'll give you some thoughts on that. The heavy Canadian market continues to be very attractive. We've seen differentials to TI that have been gyrating around that minus $15 mark. By historical standards, that's a pretty good discount in a $45, $50 environment. And, again, this market is influenced by many things that take place. We saw a great opportunity on the heavy Canadian this summer during some turnarounds that were taking place. The spreads went a little wider and we really took advantage of that. We brought quite a bit more Canadian into our system and we were able to move record amounts down to Garyville. So, going forward, again, I don't see any reason to believe that that's going to change. We think that the differential will stay in that kind of a range and we will continue to take every advantage we can. We're continuously looking at foreign cargo opportunities that we can bring to the Gulf Coast. We see opportunities coming in from Brazil with some of their heavy sweet crudes. We oftentimes find very good values in crudes that are more difficult to run. They are either high TAM or they've got some other issue. The Mexican crude has been relatively attractive as well. So the heavy market looks pretty good right now and I don't see any reason why that should change.
Mike Palmer: No, I don't think so. As you know, I think what's been approved is 75,000 barrels a day. It's really a relatively small amount. I really don't see that changing the market for us at all.
Mike Palmer: Yes, I will answer that, Evan. So let me first mention that our Southern Access Extension Pipeline, SAX, a joint venture with Enbridge, it's a completed project. We're going to be filling line fills and tank bottoms in early December and then by January, we will be fully operational and online. We're already purchasing crude for that pipe. We fully expect that we're going to be at planned rates. It will be a combination of not only the North Dakota crude, but it will have a variety of various Canadian crudes. We're really excited about having this SAX pipeline open. It creates some flexibility and some optionality that we were out of and I think we're going to see some real strong earnings coming from crude that will be coming down that pipeline to our Patoka hub. With regard to Sandpiper, I guess I would say that probably -- exactly what you said earlier, we think that North Dakota crude is going to continue to be very attractive for those that have pipeline space. We're the best option in the market. We also think that as we continue to have fairly narrow Brent TI spreads, what you are really going to see is that the East Coast players that have been railing so much North Dakota light, we really do believe that those volumes are going to decrease. And as the commitments kind of run out -- they will be canceled and probably won't be re-upped. So we think that's going to create -- it's going to take some of the pressure off North Dakota light maybe that you see today. So we think Sandpiper is going to be another great vehicle for us. It will create flexibility and optionality in a market that we're sure will increase production down the road.
Mike Palmer: Sure. Roger, here's what I would say. This export market is extremely dynamic. It's very complex. Every time we start to see maybe a little slowdown in one area, the strength shifts and it goes somewhere else. The predominance of our business ends up today in Europe or in Latin America. But in addition to that, we actually have cargoes they go all the way to Asia. There are all kinds of different needs out there for different specs and different-sized cargoes. And as I say, the market is extremely dynamic. We honestly have had -- we haven't missed a step since these big export refineries have come on and no reason to believe that we won't continue to have the advantage that we've had in the past.
Mike Palmer: And Jeff, I will finish the call here with one of the key things that we will talk about with the MPL and MarkWest combination is we're looking at a project that has an alkaloid-type unit down the road that can take the butane that is in the Marcellus -- so the Marcellus Utica regions are long butane. We can take butane, put it through an alkylation unit and make a high-octane blend stock. And that's one of the key things that -- one of the real strengths we bring to the table in this combination that helps the producers. It helps us being short octane and helps the industry and the consumers. So that's a big part that we will talk about in December as well.
Tony Kenney: The synergies in all the categories are ahead of pace in each one of those that you mentioned, the light product supply; the marketing enhancements; and the operating and G&A costs. What I plan to do, Doug, at analyst day is to provide more detail and more color in each of those areas. So, going back to Gary's comments -- opening comments, we're 2 times ahead of where we thought we would be in 2015 on synergies and I will provide more detail on that at analyst day.
Tony Kenney: Yes and with respect to light product breakeven, we're about a penny ahead of where we thought we would be when we originally put our forecast together. So, again, that's a combination of the business just performing well but also the enhanced synergies that we're realizing as well.
Tony Kenney: Yes, so originally we had indicated that we would generate $75 million of synergies in 2015. And as Gary mentioned, that's about 2X that number that we've seen so far. So what's happened is, again, alluding back to Gary's comments, when you think about the accelerated conversions, the back-office platforms, the operating platforms, the benefits we get to really marketing the stores along the same lines as we do our legacy stores, those are all generating additional synergies that we're realizing from that activity. When you add in the number of remodels that we've completed -- so these are projects we're spending $300,000 to $500,000 to go into the stores and really redesign how we're merchandising the key areas of the store. And, again, those are giving rise to synergies on an accelerated basis. And then, lastly, I would say that the -- just the overall integration of the operations, the people have been tremendous. The amount of time it's taken to train thousands of employees on new systems and procedures has really exceeded our expectations. So, again, from an operating expense standpoint and then overall from the G&A standpoint, we have been able to take advantage of those savings as well.
Don Templin: Yes, Paul, I think one of the things that is really intriguing to us and excites us is that, particularly in Utica and Marcellus, there is clearly more production that exists now than there is a reasonable take-away capacity. And so you're finding the producer customers are very constrained in terms of their ability to get their product to a market where they can get an appropriate realization. And so we look at that as being a real strategic opportunity for us to be able to meet the need of the producer customers. So those are projects that are ripe for investment, where there's already production and we believe there will be -- in continuing production, but there's already production and a need for take-away capacity. So our ability to take on projects that allow producer customers to move their NGLs to a market where they get a higher netback is a high priority for us and a real opportunity.
Don Templin: Phil, this is Don. I think the other really important factor in there is the yield environment. That will impact how the trajectory of where the EBITDA sources are and how that works going ahead. So what we feel great about is that we have a lot of options and tools to be able to manage whatever yield environment that we're in to be able to reach the distribution growth guidance that we've articulated. And we think that differentiates MPLX from many of MLPs that are out there. So I can't tell you the exact percentage, but I can tell you we have all the tools that we need to meet that distribution growth guidance and that is a differentiator.
Don Templin: Well, maybe the other just observation, Doug, is in an environment where the yields have widened as much as they have, there is probably going to be some pressure just around the market in general on multiples. I mean, if you have a higher cost of capital on a higher yield, what you are able to pay for at acquisition, I think, does go down over time.
