Pamela K. M. Beall: All right. Thank you, Cliff, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2013 earnings webcast and conference call. You can find the synchronized slides that accompany the call on our website. And on the call today are Gary Heminger, President and CEO; Garry Peiffer, Executive Vice President of Corporate Planning and Investor and Government Relations; Don Templin, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rich Bedell, our Senior Vice President of Refining; Tom Kelly, our Senior Vice President of Marketing; and Mike Palmer, our Senior Vice President of Supply, Distribution and Planning. If you turn to Slide 2, please read the Safe Harbor statement on this slide. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation, as well as the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. And factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, I'll turn the call over to Gary Heminger for our opening remarks.
Pamela K. M. Beall: Thanks, Don. [Operator Instructions] And with that, now, Cliff, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Pamela K. M. Beall: Okay. Well, thank you, Cliff. Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today, and we'll be in the office for the rest of the day. So you can call and ask for myself, Beth Hunter and Jerry Ewing [ph], who's new to -- a recent addition to our team. So thanks, everybody, for your interest. Bye-bye.
Garry L. Peiffer: Hello, Ed. This is Garry Peiffer. Well, as you've heard from others, it's very difficult to try to separate out the impact of -- fundamental supply and demand impacts from the RIN impact on our relative price realizations. But what Don was trying to describe in his remarks was the fact that, in addition to that $65-or-so million that we actually expended to buy RINs from third parties, there's also other effects that go on in terms of our product price realizations at the wholesale level, if you will. So we would say that the majority of that amount, the $313-or-so million, was impacted by the spike in crack spreads and product prices in the Chicago market and the effect that RINs had on our product realizations and costs in the second quarter.
Garry L. Peiffer: It's primary diesel fuel, what we're exporting. Roughly, 170,000 to 190,000 was diesel fuel. And I guess, as a practical limit, I think we're pretty close to a capacity, although every time we seem to say that, our schedulers and engineers find a way to eke a little more out. But at 190,000 barrels a day, that compares to second quarter last year of 121,000. But obviously, we have Galveston Bay in there as well that's accounting for some of that difference. So roughly, that's probably our practical limit in that neighborhood of 190,000 to 200,000 barrels a day.
Garry L. Peiffer: Maybe 1 slight clarification. The 151,000 Gary referred to was fourth quarter of 2012 and first quarter of about 121,000. So we have a little bit of a dip there. But 121,000, first quarter of 2013; 151,000, fourth quarter of 2012.
Garry L. Peiffer: Well, Paul, this is Garry Peiffer. As I said, it's really difficult to estimate the RIN effect versus just normal supply and demand. So I wouldn't even want at this point hazard a guess how much is actually being passed through to the consumer. However, I guess, I would add, as Don suggested, that we do believe a substantial part of that is being reflected in the spot market values that you're seeing for gasoline and diesel fuels. So we do think that the -- if you look at, kind of, what the economic additions were in the second quarter and what we would have expected the crack spreads to be in the second quarter adjusted for how the Brent and LLS prices move, plus the fact that gasoline imports were similar to past years, so that means the importers will have to acquire a RIN, we're still making money, bringing barrels to the U.S. versus their next best alternative that we still think that there is some of -- there is a substantial amount of RIN being reflected in the spot market value.
Garry L. Peiffer: Yes. We've thought about that suggestion over the last few weeks and months. And I guess, it's really going to be impacted by competitive conditions, Paul, and we obviously are not the only marketer so we'd have to consider the -- what the competition is doing. But because there's some marketers out there what we would call non-obligated marketers that Don referred to who are net sellers of RINs. And then, we have obligated parties who are buyers of RINs comminuting at the wholesale level, it's going to be very confusing for the buyer of those E10s and other biofuels to say, is there a tax added on or not a tax added on or separate line charge. So probably, if it were to be done most effectively, it would have to be done at the spot market level, but I don't think you're going to see it happen there either. So we're not optimistic that that's going to happen, unless competitive conditions dictate it does.
Garry L. Peiffer: And, Chi, this is Garry Peiffer. On the CMA question, obviously, when you buy on a CMA basis and you're in backwardation, that otherwise increases the cost versus the calculation if you're in contango. So that would have a negative effect on the crack spread calculation if we're in backwardation. So I'd say the majority -- or most of the domestic crudes that we buy have a CMA pricing basis to them. So most of our domestic crudes are affected by that market structure in terms of what we acquire. So if they're in backwardation, that's going to be a bit of a drag versus a contango, which is a bit of a benefit.
Gary R. Heminger: Ed, this is Gary. What we've decided, as you know, we gave you that number at the end of the first quarter. We've just operated it for 2 months. But for competitive reasons, and as you know, we have never broken our refineries out individually. We gave that because it was just after starting up Detroit and just after acquiring Galveston Bay. For separate competitive reasons, we're not going to give out the numbers individually going forward.
Gary R. Heminger: Right. Yes, we had 190,000 barrels per day here in the second quarter. It's 151,000 barrels per day in the first quarter. And, Garry, do you have the breakdown of...
Gary R. Heminger: And the other thing, Paul, that we're doing is -- you've heard us talk about this before, both at Galveston -- excuse me, at Garyville where we're doing some capital expenditures in order to be able to improve on our gasoline exports. Today, you need to be able to let the gasoline settle out. And so, the way we operate today is basically online and straight through the tanks. But in order to be able to certify it and go into some foreign countries, you need to be able to settle it out. And we're investing in some incremental tankage to be able to do that. So in the future, we will be increasing our gasoline exports. And then, we're also now looking at how we can improve on the exports out of Galveston Bay. So Garry is right, from the assets, as they set today, we think we're pretty much at the peak. But we are investing in both to be able to increase that number into the future.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes. Chi, I just had that discussion. I'm sorry, you must have missed it. But what we have decided -- we did give that number after the first quarter and the same for Galveston Bay after 2 months in the first quarter. And competitively, we've decided not to give those numbers out individually going forward. I had the same question. We break them out kind of Midwest versus Gulf Coast. And at this time, we decided not to go that direction either. And as we've had discussion with many -- I should say, most of you in the past, these are very competitive numbers for us in the way we source our crude, and we just think that's the best thing for us to do going forward.
Gary R. Heminger: Right. I'll -- let me have Mike cover that. But as you know, here in the second quarter, there are several production issues on the Canadian side, different producers who had downtime, a couple of upgraders that had some downtime. So that really affected the market in the second quarter and narrowed the spreads significantly. They have since widened out and widened out quickly. And let me have Mike go over the forward curve and what he sees now.
Gary R. Heminger: In that same -- to that same question, let me add one more thing, Chi. As you look going into the remainder of the year, as some of our competitors possibly bring up some heavier crude units, that's also going to change the historical shipping patterns and probably some of the historical marketers some of the sweet barrels are being replaced by these heavy barrels that we think will also have a positive effect on Midwest refineries running those sweet barrels.
Gary R. Heminger: Let me ask Rich to talk about, as you say, the pace of play on the refinery operations itself, how he's seeing some of the changes and operating practices and safety practices that he's been able to achieve. And then, Mike Palmer will take the latter question.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, Evan, we don't want to get into our detailed strategy on how we're going to move products out, but you are correct. And if you go back in history, the PADD II certainly imported more from PADD III and some from PADD I historically. And due to the significant increase in run rates by PADD II refiners, that has negated the need to import as much. But certainly, we are looking at how and probably more so on the diesel side than the gasoline side and diesel side in the shorter quarters on how you balance things. But I'm sorry, we can't get into our individual strategy of how we're going to move our product into additional regions.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes. I don't know, Blake, that we can provide you any information on what any competitors are doing. I think, overall, again, what we do is we look at LLS or other crudes that we might move up Capline relative to other alternative crudes that we can run. I don't think that we've seen major changes -- major shifts on Capline over the past couple of quarters.
Gary R. Heminger: And, Jeff, that's why I made my comment earlier that you're going to see possibly a big swing later in the year, as some other refiners possibly bring up heavier crude units. That's going to put more light sweet crude back on the market in different regions of the country. And I think it's going to change some pressure points and also lead to that widening out that we're talking -- that Mike was just talking about and I spoke about earlier.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, it's one of our plans, Jason, to be able to give you a little more color around Galveston Bay. We'll have many more months of operation at that time, but we'll give you more color then.
Gary R. Heminger: No, I think it all has to be due to Galveston Bay coming on. As I said, approximately 1/3 of their output is on the chemicals side. So that would account for the majority. Then you'll have a little maintenance in different plants here and there. So that could be maybe less than 1% as you take refineries down for maintenance. It just depends on which unit, but the most should be GBR.
Richard D. Bedell: Yes, there was -- an article came out that said the hydrocracker expansion at Garyville was going to be completed in the third quarter of this year. It's actually going to be in the first quarter of next year. The -- it's all part of a -- it's really 4 segments to a diesel optimization project that Garyville that go in, in various phases, and 1 phase of it is in the third quarter of '13, which is going to be a crude improvement diesel recovery project there and then the hydrocrackers in the first quarter of 2014.
Richard D. Bedell: Yes. Evan, this is Rich. Overall, we're very pleased with the Galveston Bay refinery and how it's operating. The safety record, both personal and process safety, has been excellent there for the 6 months we've been running it, and we've been working to incorporate our standards and our operating philosophies in the plant, and they've been very well received by the workforce. So overall, the direction of the refinery, we're very pleased with it in the short time that we've had it. I think Mike can comment a little bit about the crude changes.
Richard D. Bedell: Yes. I mean -- and we continue to look for opportunities to where to invest. But our focus lately has really been on the condensate splitters, to take advantage in the Utica, moving more of the light crudes through our system and then optimizing in Galveston Bay and its aromatics picture there. So if you're talking about -- referring to Valero's methanol plant, no, we're not looking at anything in regard to a methanol plant.
Richard D. Bedell: Yes, we have -- we found a number of synergies between the 2 plants in moving feedstocks and optimizing the operations between the 2. And we have projects that we're looking at to further increase that.
Richard D. Bedell: Well, I mean, at our first Analyst Meeting in New York, we did give some guidance around that. And it's basically 4 different projects that, at that time, we said it was about $250 million over 4 years. And the EBITDA based on 2011 prices was $160 million is what we told you all.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes. Chi, this is Mike Palmer. It's pretty -- I think it's pretty hard to forecast the extent of that backwardation and how long it's going to last. Obviously, what that tells us about the market is that there are companies out there that believe that supply is short today, and that's the reason that the market is in this backwardated phase. As I said, again, we don't try and forecast what those numbers are going to be going out. I think that there are a number of reasons that you could point to, to say that worldwide that there has been some shortages. It's hard for us to see that in the Gulf Coast. We have no problems supplying our refineries.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes. I guess, what I would say is, as Gary pointed out, we did hit a patch here where there were several production issues in Canada, and it doesn't take a lot to move the differentials. But as we look out through the end of the year, we know that there is a significant additional Canadian heavy that's due to come online. The Exxon crude volume is one of the major pieces, and it's been continually pushed back. But it will be available later in the year. And that, coupled with several other projects -- we believe that the differentials are probably going to widen out a bit from the point they're at today.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, sure will. Evan, we've made some pretty substantial changes already when we -- and of course, a lot of that is the fact that we're optimizing this plant every day. But the pipeline infrastructure continues to be built out. So what we've been able to do up to this point is pretty much displace the foreign sweet crude that have been coming into the plant with the domestic crudes that you had mentioned. I mean, we're running more West Texas sour, Eagle Ford, those types of domestic crudes. And frankly, we -- what we did was we look at the markets every day to optimize those slates. So it's not to say we won't run the foreign cargo crude, but we're always looking for the best barrels. We think, going forward, domestic is where it's at.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes. Jeff, I guess, what I would say is, if you look at the chart that we published in the second quarter, the percentage of the WTI-based crudes remained about the same. It has gone down from previous quarters, and I think that was a result of bringing Galveston Bay on that didn't have access to as much WTI-based crude. But the interesting thing about the second quarter is that we actually ran a higher crude rate. So in order to maintain that 22% level, we actually did increase the volume of the WTI-based crudes that went into the system. The other thing I think you'll find -- I think the other thing you'll find of interest on that chart is that the other sour crude went down, whereas the sweet crude did go up. And that's pretty much just a result of, I guess, the story that we've been telling you guys, and that is that the sweet crudes are getting more attractive as -- through time, as they continue to grow. And we've been very much focused on the crudes from North Dakota or the Eagle Ford.
C. Michael Palmer: I guess, Jeff, the way I'd answer that is just to say that, if you go back and take a look at the second quarter, we began the second quarter with a Brent-TI spread around $12.5, and it moved out to around $4.5. By the end, it changed about $8. We then moved to flat. And after it was at flat, it moved to about $3.80 again. And now, it's in another dollar. So the one thing I would say to you is that it's going to remain extremely volatile, and that's the only thing we know with certainty. I think that, as Gary said earlier, when we think about the ARB, really, what we think about is that you've got a transportation cost to get those barrels from Cushing to the Eastern Gulf, where they need to go to clear. And so, when we look at the forward curve and see that it's around that $7 or $8 level, that makes some sense to us. But at the same time, we know that there is a lot of emphasis on these spreads and there's going to be a lot of trading activity. So the pendulum will move back-and-forth. There's going to be a lot of volatility.
C. Michael Palmer: Well, I think, again, when you look at LLS, it's not a huge stream today. And on the margin, obviously, it couldn't command a premium to Brent that wouldn't be happening today. But I guess, again, as I tend to look forward and we think that the light sweet crude coming from, again, the Permian Basin or the Eagle Ford, perhaps even North Dakota continuing to move south, we just believe that, that LLS differential can't last, that it will turn into a discount at some point. Exactly when that happens is very difficult to understand.
C. Michael Palmer: Well, I guess, we just don't get into that kind of a detail. We probably can't answer that question.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes. This is Mike Palmer. I guess, it's bound to have some impact, although a part of that line is already down. So I wouldn't think that, that's -- I wouldn't think there would be anything that would be dramatic.
