Lisa Wilson: Thank you, Jason. Welcome to Marathon Petroleum's Corporation fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings webcast and conference call. The synchronized slides that accompany this call can be found on our Web site at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investor Center tab. On the call today are Gary Heminger, Chairman, President and CEO; Tim Griffith, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of our MPC executive team. We invite you to read the Safe Harbor statements on Slide 2. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the call and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included there as well as in our filings with the SEC.  Now I will turn the call over to Gary Heminger for opening remarks and highlights.
Lisa Wilson: As we open the call for your questions, as a courtesy to all participants, we ask that you limit yourself to one question plus a follow-up. If time permits, we will re-prompt for additional questions. With that, we will now open the call to questions.
Lisa Wilson: Thank you, Jason. And thank you for your interest in Marathon Petroleum Corporation. Should you have additional questions or would like clarification on topics discussed this morning, Denise Myers, Doug Wendt and I will be available to take your calls. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Gary Heminger: Well let me start, in the event that it was to be passed, Brad, the refineries is going to be able to pass -- is going to have to be able to pass any incremental cost on to the consumer. And I'm very confident that we will be able to do that, just as we did when crude prices were $100 to $147, we passed the price on to the consumer. Now the calculus is really a political calculus on do I think it would be passed, because that's going to be the concern trying to pass something through congress that really is going to increase domestic crude prices at the benefit of domestic producers to the detriment of the consumer, I think is something that is it's going to be difficult. But if it were to pass, we'll be able to -- we'll be flexible, we'll be able to move the price on to the consumer. Now I've had a lot of questions, Brad, what do I think will happen with incremental exports, the companies who have their refineries in the Gulf Coast have the infrastructure and logistics to be able to export, will be the ones who will still be the most likely to export because we'll have the lowest cost. So, as we stated, we are a little over 300,000 barrels per day of exports in this quarter. We now have the infrastructure set that we can go around 400,000 and moving up to 500,000 barrels per day. So we're in a very, very good position. And even if border adjustments were to happen, I think Marathon is in one of the best positions because of our logistics, infrastructure, our optimization between PAD-2, PAD-3 refining, I think we'll be in good shape if it were to happen.
Gary Heminger: Well first of all Phil, I'll take you back to the same time last year, we didn’t have a winter, if you recall. So last year demand in January was strong, plus it was -- we were on the rebound after the rapid decline in crude prices and therefore gasoline prices. And you couple that with really no upsets in the weather patterns over the same period last year, led us to a very, very strong first quarter volume. Now we've had a couple of big storm cells that have come through mainly the South East, here earlier in the year. That has caused a pretty big upheaval. And then secondly, a lot of fog in and around the Gulf Coast regions used in ship channel, all the way through to Florida that has caused, really some supply and demand issues.  But I think we'll get beyond this and everything seems to have really, got back into a different place right now, and what we’re seeing though secondly, as you see crude prices increase, what you're going to see in many of our markets, Tony Kenney's Speedway operations in many of the markets, he has to lead the price up in order to get the incremental cost to the street. That will have some short term hit on demand, but I believe as long as crude prices continue to have a methodic pace upwards, I believe we'll be able to get that price to the street and not be too big of a hit on volume.
Gary Heminger: And Phil, as we looked across the entire industry, I think we see both, where we have our refining PAD-2, PAD-3 to be about equal to the total maintenance of last year, may be just a little bit of an uptick in the Gulf of Coast. Some of the concerns, we have been -- the work we've done already here in January has been just little bit ahead of schedule and under budget, so we've been doing very well. There have been some concerns in the industry though about the labor force, but I don’t think at the end of the day that it's going to have a substantial impact on the refining industry, but that is something I would say to keep an eye on, but we're in very, very good shape on all of our turnarounds.
Gary Heminger: The way you really have to look at this is that, there may be shippers who have long-term shipping commitments, but they are fulfilling that buying through the 30 day or 60 day evergreen window. So typically, we do not have a long-term shipping contract, like some those are going through the Gulf Coast, but the requirements were fulfilled year on a spot or 30 day, 60 day window.
Gary Heminger: Sure Doug, as we said -- and I said on the January 3rd call and to be very specific, the viability will be one of the scenarios that we looked at, but we're doing the full and through review over all the scenarios that we really can consider at this time. You have to look counterparty risk, you have to look at the balance sheet of MPC, after you drop in the fuels distribution. You have to look at the credit profile. So we’re going to look at all the different scenarios and I'm not going to lean one way or another. Our statement that we made on January 3, is just that, it's going to be a be full comprehensive review and then we'll determine by mid-year, what the outcome is.
Gary Heminger: Well I'll take the last part of that first. As you know we've already turned over to the conflicts committee approximately 250 million, then we are working on what the optimum pace is for the balance of the year, that has not been -- we've not turned anything else over to the conflicts committee yet. That was expected, you would see something, maybe I wouldn’t necessarily call it ratable, Paul, but maybe another chunk sometime in the third quarter or so just to spread it out a little bit over the year. Let me have Don take the budget and how he is going to fund that.
Gary Heminger: Well Chi, if you look at the how RIN prices have already come down from little bit over a dollar early in the fourth quarter to $0.47 today and that is not caused necessarily by concerns over the change in the point of obligation. I think it's really caused from the new administration taking over and stating that do not like this RIN requirement and the renewal volume obligation requirements. As we've always said, the market can be balanced at just a little bit under 10% in ethanol. And refiners and blenders, we need the ethanol in order to be able to meet our octane requirements. So I don’t think it’s a volume obligation versus RIN cost scenario, I think it's -- really we need to step back and look at, does this renewable fuel standard make sense in anyway going forward and my answer would be no, that the way it's set today on an absolute volume basis that needs to be changed to a percentage basis and if that happens, that will take care of all the RIN cost.
Gary Heminger: Well, one of the things that we have always said. We do not see the RINs as affordable and so it will be very difficult to separate RINs and have a steady revenue stream from RINs. It's our belief that the RINs are in the crack spread and Mike, I'll turn it over to you to see if you see any different.
Gary Heminger: I'll take the latter part, if crude prices and again it's the rate of the pace that crude prices were change, Neil. If there is slow and steady climb -- at your conference I outlined that we expect 2017 will end somewhere in the $60 to $65 range, is where we expect. So if it's a slow and steady climb into that level we'll be able to move the price to the street and really not effect demand much. I think at your conference I stated that, if we look the elasticity for an increase at the retail price, you're looking about every $0.50 increase in retail price, you may have somewhere 1.5% to 2% change in demand and that may vary over regions. But I don’t think it will have that much of an effect, we're expecting gasoline for the full year to be flat and diesel to be up a couple of percent for the year, and I'll let Tony talk about his capital budget for the year.
Gary Heminger: Yes Roger, as I stated we’ve already have -- the Board has appointed a special committee and they are going down the path of their work with a financial advisor. We want to keep this as a very independent confidential study between the committees, so we’re not going to announce at this time who the financial advisor is, we will overtime. And managements job like -- I'm not on the special committee, this is -- I felt that was important to keep this totally independent and we have five Board members making up this special committee, all member of the Board, but I'm not part of that. Now management will prepare a lot of the data, that the committee and the advisors that are working on this. Management will compile a lot of data for the advisors to work on, but that's the management job, is just to compile data and to turn that over.
Donald Templin: Yes, I don’t think any of it was related to that I mean we’re just seeing stronger demand as we especially are moving into '17, we feel great about the growth opportunities that we have. The logistics and storage business is performing really, really solidly and we have some very good potential growth opportunities on the gathering and processing side.
Donald Templin: Well I would say that from our perspective, Marcellus probably has some very strong opportunities for us and we're seeing good volumes there, our major producer customer such as Antero and Range and EQT have been very bullish on volumes going into '17. And then, we see a lot of optimism and opportunities for us in the Southwest. Our capital budget probably will spend more money in the Southwest this year, than we do in the Utica region.
Donald Templin: Yes, Paul on the 1.7 billion. We would expect to fund that all with NPLX, without any support from the parent. You'll recall that in 2016 there was a real focus on capital preservation the balance sheet and the leverage metrics at MPLX were higher than we wanted them to be and what we were targeting, so we started out with about 4.7 times leverage at the beginning of '16. We're down to 3.4 times by the end of '16, and we're in a very comfortable position to be able to fund our organic growth through a combination of equity and debt.
Donald Templin: Sure, we're optimistic that especially with recent communications coming out of the administration around that pipeline, we’re optimistic that that pipeline gets completed and gets completed quickly. And from an MPLX prospective, we are prepared to make our investment in that pipeline when the conditions to close or met. So with respect to their -- I would -- I think it's probably not our place to talk about sort of first oil and what not. But in terms of the transaction or the pipeline being completed, we know we're optimistic that will happen in the near future and we are well prepared for it.
Donald Templin: Sure, Jeff. We are also tracking those individual projects and we are confident that many of those projects will ultimately be completed. From our perspective right now, I think the last sort of year has been -- we were very focused on supporting our producer-customers in allowing them or providing them opportunities to move NGLs out of the Utica Marcellus. I would say from my perspective and I think based upon our discussions with producer-customers, residue gas movements out of the Utica Marcellus are an important part of their consideration around growth going forward. We would expect that overtime when you get those particular projects in place that the differential would probably come from -- get down to just maybe as $0.50 differential, which would really be a transportation cost differential. And you well know Jeff, that in the summer time and other parts of the year, that differentials has been probably as much as a $1.50. So we would be improving the differential for our producers-customers by a $1 probably.
Donald Templin: I think we we're really confident about and optimistic about the opportunity to identify and to deliver on organic growth projects, Jeff. So I would say that if I had a bias, it would be on the higher side of that, not on the lower side of that.
Donald Templin: We have about 2.7 billion of liquidity currently, so we're in really -- with almost $300 million in cash, so we're in a very good position, sitting here in anticipation of that. 
Tim Griffith: Well we wouldn’t give guidance necessarily on the trending into the first quarter. I mean I think we would highlight the third quarter from a -- sort of product price realizations on a number of fronts was what we thought to be unusually low from a product price realizations. A lot of those impacts did not occur again in fourth quarter, and less likely we would see those as we go forward. But we really would not provide guidance necessarily on how that will shake out in the first quarter, we'll see what the product markets look like. As Gary indicated in environments where prices are rising, there is generally a little bit of the lag in terms of the catch-up on street prices which will have a product price realization impact, but again I think we would probably characterize third quarter as a little bit unusual relative to the realizations that we've seen over the last several years here.
Tim Griffith: No. We actually had a slight inventory build into the fourth quarter. So there was no net liquidation of the inventory in the fourth quarter.
Tim Griffith: Yes, I think the regulations that are issued were we think positive, we don’t see anything in them at our initial review that is suggestive of anything that would be a gaiting item to fuels distribution. Nonetheless, we still think its slightly that we will pursue a PLR just given the size of the earnings that represents and the impact it could have on the partnership. So we're certainly, as Gary said, pleased to see them finally issued, we are working through them now and again think it's still likely that we would pursue a PLR just to make sure we've got high levels of comfort that we're not putting something in the partnership that would not be qualifying in nature and potentially threaten the partnership's QI treatment.
Tim Griffith: You never know exactly what the timing would be, and there could be a little bit of a backlog on some of the PLR's. But we will, again, we're working through it now and again with the likelihood of the PLR, expect that we would be submitting that in the near term and then again would wait for guidance back from treasury around that. And again, we're still hoping that this -- all of these events could unfold in 2017, but that’s probably the wild card.
Tim Griffith: No I think that’s right, Gary. I mean ultimately Marathon is ultimately the blender, which is where this is getting picked up. So Roger, I don’t -- there is really nothing with regard to Speedway segment earnings that has a RINs component. Obviously, the RINs reflected and pricing gets factored into the sort of transfer pricing that we look at within the business, but there is nothing really that would change, even if there were some separation in the future, which obviously remains to be seen.
Tim Griffith: Again, if we look back at '16, obviously, the buyback activity is always a function of sort of where we see operating cash flow in the business. But I mean, I think with the plans that are announced with regards to the drops and again the prospects and at least the potential for the full 1.4 to be dropped into MPLX in 2017. Again, subject to our maintaining an investment grade credit profile and any adjustments we may need to make the capital structure to support that, the primary source of those funds is going to be in return of capital, so that will come in the formal potential considerations around the dividend and certainly for share buybacks which we think are the most efficient way to get the capital back. So I think our expectations based on what's laid in front of us for '17 is that, capital return will be a much larger source its activity in '17 and again outside of any adjustments we make to debt will be the primer use of the cash.
Tim Griffith: And Benny, what Ray was talking about there, our expectation for 2016, the de-asphalting unit that was complete, we had expected about 80 million of EBITDA and now we're projecting that to be north of a 100. So a very, very strong increase due to the performance of the unit. 
Tim Griffith: Sure, we've had dialogs and even with negative outlooks that Moody's and Fitch put out, more recently we have talked even beyond that. But I think we feel very comfortable that, anything that we do with regard to capital structure will be supportive for both entities. For MPLX what we've indicated as that, about a four times debt-to-EBITDA over the course of the time, we think makes sense, and is an appropriate amount of leverage for a partnership that's investment credit rated. You may have seen even yesterday S&P published that MPLX on a standalone basis is investment grade, that initial rating was based on the rating of appearance, so we think that's very encouraging. And then again on the MPC side, we will continue to look at and evaluate, I think the initial reactions to the announcements with some concern about the increase in leverage and again what we've indicated is that we will take actions and adjust the capital structure as we need to, to support that profile overtime. Even with all of the actions we're taking here I think it's worth reminding everyone that the amount of cash distribution that come back to MPC, even once we work through a GP buy-in, are going to be substantial and that will afford us a tremendous amount of financial flexibility to make adjustment as we need to, as well as continue to return capital. So I think we're very comfortable that the investment grade credit profile for both the entities is something that we'll be able to maintain and we'll take action to, to support that overtime.
Tim Griffith: Well, again Spiro its Tim. I think the consideration around the debt paid in the third quarter again was just based on where we saw the full year earnings coming out for refining and just making sure that again we're calibrating the capital structure for the underlying earnings. Again, any further adjustments to capital structure would really be based on sort of what we're doing with the drops and what things will look like in terms of the new debt taken out of MPLX and what that could mean for the consolidated picture. So it's something we'll look at, I don’t think there is anything that compels us at point, but again it would really be a function of the drops and what the pro forma capital structures look like once this activity is completed. So it's something we'll continue to monitor, no specific guidance that we would provide right now other than, we're going to continue to watch very carefully and adjust the leverage situations at MPC as we think appropriate.
