Lisa Wilson: Thank you, Katie. Welcome to Marathon Petroleum Corporation's second quarter 2016 earnings webcast and conference call. The synchronized slides that accompany this call can be found on our website at Marathonpetroleum.com under the investors center tab. On the call today are Gary Hemminger, Chairman, President and CEO; Tim Griffith, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of MPC's executive team. We invite you to read the Safe Harbor statements on slide 2. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the call and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included there as well as our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Gary Hemminger for opening remarks and highlights.
Lisa Wilson: Thank you, Tim. As we open the call for your questions, as a courtesy to all participants, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If time permits, we will re-prompt for additional questions. With that, Katie, we will now open the call to questions.
Lisa Wilson: Thank you, Katie and thank all of you for joining us today and your interest in Marathon Petroleum Corporation. Should you have additional questions or would like clarification on topics discussed this morning, Teresa, Holman and I will be available to take your calls. Thank you.
Gary Heminger: Well, Doug, as you and I have talked many times, of course we look at this all the time. But, as in my remarks, we're very happy. And it illustrates when you have a down market like the refining sector has been in the last couple quarters, how important having a diversified portfolio and a diversified value chain is to a business like ours. It is not only the most ratable customer within our portfolio, it's also this and our long term strategy to grow the midstream business as well as the retail business. Those two segments are becoming, I would say, our most ratable cash flow streams within the business. So, yes, we're happy with the structure. But, yes, we continue to analyze and analyze very critically as you call an arbitrage. But when you look at an arbitrage, Doug, you also need to understand what the integration value is. Now, the integration value is, I would say, proprietary. I can't give out a number from a competitive reason of that integration value, but I can say it is very significant, especially when you look at downturns in the cycle. As I've mentioned several times, then you look again at the first half of this year, the EBITDA from Speedway the first half of this year clearly covers the total dividend and interest costs on our capital. So, yes, we're happy. Yes, we continue to analyze it very carefully. But I would expect that we will continue on as we're.
Gary Heminger: And Doug, one more point to that. As many leading analysts have already printed this morning, as MPLX now has gotten into a good rhythm within the capital structure, the balance sheet and our growth going forward and as we expect that the yield will continue to improve within MPLX, that's going to give us that ability in the future as we have dropdowns to be able to bring that cash back in and further buy back shares. So that's a very important ingredient in our strategy as well.
Gary Heminger: Well, Evan, we continue to wait on the IRS to answer our PLR. We're expecting that soon, but I don't know if that means this quarter, next quarter or the following quarter. We filed a long time ago, but still awaiting. The fuels distribution that we discussed earlier is really a -- I think an elegant way to consider -- Tim talked about a flywheel before. But that is an elegant way without getting caught up in a retail blocker, if you will -- a tax blocker to be able to drop down part of those -- of that value. So, we need to remain in our seats and wait for the IRS to opine on our request. But we feel confident that it will go forward. And, albeit, we give you a better range after we get that work back from the IRS.
Gary Heminger: Yes, Neil, that's a very prudent question. And especially if you look at the same period last year, when we were in a very strong refining market last year. But refiners ran full out and that tremendous build and excess inventories is what really led to the downturn in the fourth quarter and early first quarter this year because of the rapid build of inventories and the long term to be able to run those off. I look at the inventories that came out yesterday, Neil -- in these PADDs where we predominantly operate, gasoline and PADD 2 is 2.9 million barrels over same period last year. And we were down 2 million barrels for the week. So we're in pretty good shape. The Gulf Coast is still a bit high on inventories. But Mike Palmer pointed out to me earlier today, if you look at the turnaround schedule coming up in the Gulf Coast for PADD 3 and early into PADD 4, it appears to be a significant turnaround schedule somewhere between 700,000 to 1 million barrels are going to be down over this period of time. And then of course we're going to switch to the winter-grade gasoline before long. On distillates, both PADD 2 and PADD 3 were fairly balanced on distillates the way I look at it across the chain -- or I should say across the industry. But the key point is and I believe that the refining industry has shown pretty good resolve in the past, that there is no need to be running inventories up that are going to cause the degradation in margins into the future. But as I say, distillates in pretty good shape right now. Gasoline PADD 2, we're in good shape. It's just PADD 3 gasoline is a bit high.
Gary Heminger: That's kind of a softball question to add on whether I think the yield's where it should be. No, I think the yield should be much lower than where it is based on the tremendous suite of assets, both drop-down assets and organic assets. And then the other thing that we pointed out in the release this morning is we've indicated a double-digit growth in 2017 and we have not talked about that previously. So, I think that with the increase we just had in MPLX, with the expectations of growth in 2017, with the success that we've had and what we believe will be growing volumes in our base business -- and the other key to watch within MPLX as well, that is -- if you look at our capacity utilization, as commodity prices improve, we have a tremendous amount of basically free space to be able to fill up some of the capacity that we already have invested in that will fall directly to the bottom line. So, we're expecting that our yield is going to continue to improve with this solid performance, again, that we've had. Our balance sheet is in good order. But in order to be able to make a real step improvement in being able to drop down more at favorable multiples, we expect to be more competitive in the yield going forward.
Gary Heminger: Yes, you are absolutely right. As we stated earlier, we're in very good shape. We don't need to have another drop here in 2016. But we will continue to see how the markets perform and we can always pivot if we need to. But I think we're in very good shape, as we said.
Gary Heminger: Well, again, I think anytime we're making decisions on the liquidity position and where we're positioned, it also incorporates how we see things playing out from a forecast basis over the coming months and quarters. So I think we're mindful of that. The working capital benefit obviously is a big function of where absolute crude prices are at and how quickly they move. So, a lot of what -- and frankly, a lot of what was done from a cash basis was done as really sort of a pre-funding for capital spend we would have expected at MPLX over the course of the year. So that capital raise was less about trying to build into a big capital -- big cash position that could be spent and more about really taking care of the needs of the partnership over the back half of the year. We did pay down some of the debt, again, just to open up some capacity. But it really is -- I would say most of the proceeds that were brought in are sort of spoken for this point and probably would not go back and perform a share repurchase.
Gary Heminger: Chi, it was the right question. If you look at our slate -- as we talked about at this same time last year, last year we were running about 55% sour. This year we ran a little over 61%. So we have the ability to swing back and forth due to the composition of our refineries and take advantage wherever the best margins are in the market. So, 61% is one of the highest percentages of sour we've run for some time. I just want to give you those parameters.
Gary Heminger: You know, we've had a hard time trying to make sense of a lot of the Venezuelan crudes for some time there. They are not very dependable and they have been declining. So, I don't -- I would say that we really haven't had a big focus on much of the Latin American crudes. There are some out of Columbia that have made a lot of sense for us, but we don't really see that as a big deal. We have seen more interest in, for example, some of the Middle Eastern heavy crudes. With regard to Canadian, yes, the wildfire situation is behind us now. And we've seen the Canadian spreads return back to normal. They look a lot more attractive to us than they did before. And, as you know, the Canadian heavy with these projects that were sanctioned prior to this fall in crude prices, those projects continue. So, the Canadian heavy continues to grow. And we see a lot of value in the Canadian heavy.
Gary Heminger: Yes, but where we're looking at the fuels distribution, it would be after the RIN or after the blending would have taken place. So, I would expect that we would not be putting any RIN volatility inside of MPLX.
Gary Heminger: Well, again, I think, again, the focus around capital return and how we do that is going to continue in the business for as long as we can imagine. How we balance that -- I think the key part, Roger, is maybe as you allude to a little bit that this is really going to be a balanced approach. I think we're not inclined to go all in on full investment. We're not inclined to go all in on full share purchase. It's really going to be finding that balance that's in the business based on what the earnings look like, what the cash flow generation could be and exactly where we find ourselves financially at each point in time. Again, as I referenced earlier, this really becomes sort of a flywheel as we evaluate exactly how we want to position the business from a capital allocation perspective. We expect a level of activity will be there and could vary in different periods in time, but will be an important part of our balanced approach on the capital allocation side.
Gary Heminger: When you look at the valuation metrics of refining today, I think we're -- we have a very good platform and a good footprint in refining of where we want -- where we like being today. Doesn't say that we won't look at the other opportunities that may come about; we will. On the retail and midstream side, of course, we're very interested in continuing to build out within our footprint. The retail side -- we have the platform, the ability and, as Tony's team has been able to certainly illustrate, the expertise to be able to step outside of our footprint and perform very well. So we will continue to be interested in retail. I think retail and midstream probably give us higher returns. But I would say where our share prices are, as Tim just alluded to, buying back shares will be the top of mind as well.
Gary Heminger: And you are right, Paul; it just depends on the situation. As Don just mentioned, we have -- he was speaking to some of the big organic projects we talked about. And some of those can be hefty because of the size of the projects. And we will see what the carry might be, if any. But we have stabilized the balance sheet. I think that the business -- the base business is picking up. As commodity prices improve, the coverage should continue to improve. So I believe that it can stand on its own into 2017 and we will see at that point. But I don't see anything over the next few quarters that MPC would need to step in and support their balance sheet.
Gary Heminger: Well, Paul, I would say that when we come to your conference during September, we're going to be able to have a pretty good idea of where we're looking at CapEx going forward. We're in that phase right now. I wouldn't expect it to be up from where we're in 2016, but we're just in an initial phase of looking at the capital for 2017 and beyond.
Gary Heminger: Well, I would say, Phil, we don't look at it as what can we hurry up and drop. We look at it as what is the growth rate that we're trying to achieve and what are the mechanisms that we use to achieve that growth rate. And as we stated in our release this morning that we expect double-digit growth rate, we're on target, first of all, to meet that parameter that we set out of 12% to 15% this year and then a double-digit growth next year. So, that is directionally how we look at it, Phil.
Gary Heminger: The GP -- when you were out visiting with us, we still believe that the GP is -- this is a -- it has to mature more to consider that. This clearly isn't the market to try to float a GP IPO. And the other thing that as -- we certainly have recognized in the market with some changes in structure is that it appears that simplification is better. But we continue to analyze and we will continue down that path.
Gary Heminger: Sure. While clearly we need to have our best interest which we continue to strive for, is full repeal of the renewable fuel standard. But knowing that that is a heavy lift, there has been a bill that's been introduced on the floor known as the Flores bill that would limit blending at 9.7% which really takes into account the neat gasoline that's in the market as well. We think that that needs to be supported with tremendous amount of support already inside the House on this bill and we need to get others on schedule as well. The RIN prices, you're right. Upwards of $0.95, $0.98. I know they've hit $1 over the last couple weeks. And it's a -- and I think -- I don't think, I know the reason is because the market is understanding that we're going to be very close and probably will tip over the 10% ethanol blend wall this year. Therefore, RINs are going to be at a -- the demand for RINs are going to outpace the supply. The steps that we've taken over the years, as illustrated as well in this morning's comments, is that we're in very good shape and we're fairly balanced on the RIN side. But nevertheless, we want a significant amendment or repeal of the renewable fuel standard and are working very hard towards or in that direction.
Gary Heminger: I think for the most part -- except on the midstream side, for the most part, R&M and retail has really ridden the wave here to the fourth quarter and first quarter. There is nothing pending on the refining side of the slate. There are rumors on different things that might be available. But I think the refining side still would be fairly pricey and be pricey versus the multiples that are achieved in the marketplace today. But beyond that, I would say there is some -- there has been some movement in the retail space. And Don can mention here on the midstream side what he is seeing across the midstream space.
Don Templin: Yes, Evan, this is Don. We have a leading ethane position in the Marcellus and the Utica. We've invested considerable capital in the past to be able to handle ethane recovery. And our view is that there is going to be continued production of -- and growth in ethane which will give us an opportunity. We're estimating probably -- depending on where the forecasts and up, we've heard or seen forecasts that would suggest in the early 2020s that there would be 500,000 barrels per day of ethane production. And if you got to those kinds of volumes, we could anticipate having capital projects that would be in the $500 million to $1 billion range in order to be able to extract that ethane to be able to support things like the crackers, but also to support ethane needs in the Gulf Coast and also for pipelines and other projects that are taking it to the East Coast.
Don Templin: Yes, this is Don. We're very focused on progressing a number of those projects. And as we think about the ones that we have prioritized, the first priority is to help move NGLs to the East Coast. So, we think about our producer customers. They are seeing some optimism in terms of NGL pricing and improvement in NGL pricing. But the flat price isn't the only issue for our producer customers in the Utica Marcellus in that basin. It's been the deferential that they have been experiencing like Mount Bellevue pricing. So, very focused on moving NGLs to the East Coast and I can say that that project is probably the one that is furthest ahead in terms of an in-service date and getting a solution. We're also looking at moving NGLs to the Gulf Coast and have been in regular discussion with our partner enterprise on Centennial and evaluating the feasibility of a reversal of Centennial. And then the third major project that we've been spending a lot of time on is a project to a butane-to-alkylate project that would likely be positioned somewhere near our processing facilities in the Utica Marcella's and that will allow us to convert butane to alkylate and allow our producer customers to see an uplift in their overall valuation. But that's a big project. That's a multi-year -- would be a multi-year project. And we're in, I would say, the heavy part of the engineering right now in terms of evaluating that.
Don Templin: Yes, Spiro, we haven't really seen any significant change. I think the people that were really in a desperate situation at the end of the fourth quarter going into the first was primarily on the E&P side. Clearly, the cost of capital was increasing for the midstream producers -- or midstream players. But I just haven't seen a dramatic change one way or the other. The folks that would be potentially in play in the first quarter are still in play and we haven't seen any big pullback in terms of opportunities.
Ray Brooks: Yes, this is Ray Brooks. I'll take a shot at answering that question. The $80 million of EBITDA is on an annualized basis. So, as Gary mentioned, we're bringing on phase 1 of STAR this year which is actually two parts of that. One part that we did a few months ago where we resid the asphalting unit. We essentially did a project to turn that into its original purpose to be asphalt resid. And then, as Gary said, by the end of next month, we will have the rest of that project completed, but we're actually expanded by 12,000 barrels a day. So, those two parts together lead to a combined EBITDA contribution of $80 million a year. And we continue to look at this -- the economics on a point-forward basis and we're still good based on the assumptions here that it's in that range.
Ray Brooks: Sure. This is Ray Brooks and I will take a shot at that question, too. You asked a couple different things here. First regarding the LP model, yes, we do run the LP model on a weekly basis and we look at our crude avails and our product mix and determine what we're going to make and at what rate. And we will only run to what's economic for us -- makes economic sense to us. Regarding distillate and gasoline and winter-grade production, right now we're producing summer grade and we have about two months before we can legally sell -- start selling higher vapor pressure gasoline to our customers. So we're still in that mode. Now as far as distillate to gasoline, as you know, the economics there change frequently. And right now predominantly we're pointed towards diesel. And just to give you a little flavor, we have about a 10% swing that we have the ability to swing back and forth on our swing strings between gasoline and diesel.
Ray Brooks: Yes, Chi, Mike Palmer again. You know, with regard to your second question first, I guess, with regard to sour crude, we're finding a lot of opportunities in the sour crude right now. Not only in the Gulf of Mexico where, if you look at those spreads over the last six months, Mars has been discounted to LLS in the range of $5 to $6. It's been pretty stable. We see that continuing. The sour crudes in the Gulf are still growing and we see really good value there. With the ARB coming in, we're also seeing some really good opportunities worldwide. We're bringing in more spot sour cargos than typically we have been able to find value in. And because Galveston Bay and Garyville have the ability to run the heavy, more difficult crudes high-TAN crudes, that's what we tend to focus on because that's where we get the discount. So we see that continuing to go forward. In terms of the additional WTI-based crudes, that's going to shift back and forth depending upon what's happening at the plants, what crudes we're really optimizing on a daily basis between the WTI and the LLS-based crudes. So I don't think there's anything structural in the market there. It's just part of the overall optimization.
Ray Brooks: Yes and Chi, I think the other important piece of that for how we have thought about this and the potential for structuring it, we're really looking at it as a sort of service arrangement as opposed to the transfer of inventory necessarily. So the -- I don't think we would expect any change to the -- where the RINs are resident and where the benefit resides.
Ray Brooks: Well, this year was definitely a step up on the maintenance side from the standpoint -- it was a heavy turnaround year. So -- but it was definitely a step up. But our goal in refining is what do we have to do year in, year out to level that spend as much as possible. Take care of our turnarounds, but try to keep things as constant as possible.
