Lisa Wilson: Welcome to Marathon Petroleum Corporation's third quarter 2017 earnings webcast and conference call. The synchronized slides that accompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investor Center tab. On the call today are Gary Heminger, Chairman and CEO; Don Templin, President; Tim Griffith, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Mike Hennigan, President of the general partner of MPLX and other members of MPC's executive team. We invite you to read the Safe Harbor statements on slide 2. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the call and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included there, as well as in our filings with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Gary Heminger for opening remarks.
Lisa Wilson: Thanks, Tim. As we open the call for your questions, as a courtesy to all participants, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If time permits, we will re-prompt for additional questions. With that, we will now open the call to your questions.
Lisa Wilson: Okay. Thank you for joining us today. And should you have additional questions or would like clarifications on the topics we discussed this morning, Denice Myers, Doug Wendt and I will be available to take your calls. Thank you.
Donald C. Templin: Thanks, Gary. We reported third quarter earnings of $903 million or $1.77 per diluted share, with solid operational and financial performance across the business despite the tough operating conditions Gary mentioned earlier. Our Midstream segment, which largely reflects the financial results of MPLX, reported record third quarter earnings. The outstanding performance in the quarter and the increase over the third quarter of last year was primarily driven by record gathered, processed, and fractionated volumes. MPLX continues to build on its strong footprint in the Marcellus, Permian, and STACK shale plays. Since the beginning of this year, the partnership has increased its processing capacity in the Northeast by 7%, bringing our total capacity in this region to approximately 5.8 billion cubic feet per day. The partnership expects to add approximately 1.5 billion cubic feet per day of processing capacity in 2018, with approximately 1.2 billion in the Northeast, and approximately 300 million in the Southwest. With visibility to strong growth opportunities through a robust portfolio of organic projects and strong distribution coverage, MPLX is well-positioned to be a source of significant long-term value for our investors. Our partnership's value proposition will be further enhanced once the exchange of MPC's GP economic interest is complete. I would encourage you to listen in on the MPLX call at 11:00 A.M. this morning to hear additional color on the performance and opportunities for the partnership. On the retail side, Speedway continued to deliver top-tier operational and financial results in the quarter, driven by solid light product and merchandise gross margins. This was despite the challenging weather conditions Gary mentioned earlier. Speedway's new joint venture with Pilot Flying J also favorably impacted results in the quarter. Speedway's performance and its contribution to MPC is further validation of Speedway's importance to our integrated model, and its ability to generate substantial returns for our shareholders. We will continue to focus resources and capital to Speedway to drive additional value over the long term. Turning to Refining & Marketing, we operated exceptionally well during the quarter, and we were able to capture strong crack spreads while meeting the needs of our customers and the market during the challenging weather conditions. Refinery throughputs exceeded 2 million barrels per day for the second consecutive quarter. Additionally, we set multiple refinery production records during the quarter, including record crude throughput in the month of August. I'm also pleased to report that demand for exports continued to be strong in the third quarter. Between Galveston Bay and Garyville, our exports averaged 331,000 barrels per day, up from second quarter of this year and third quarter of 2016. Exports remain a fundamental component in our refined products distribution and we continue to invest to support additional export capacity in our system. We are encouraged by improving market fundamentals and prospects for a more balanced supply and demand environment going forward. U.S. demand remains robust in the fourth quarter and into 2018, led by distillate demand growth and a healthy U.S. economic environment. On a days of supply including exports basis, U.S. gasoline and distillate inventories are now below their five-year averages, and should remain supportive for MPC's refining system as we look into next year. Meanwhile, global oil inventories have declined by more than 300 million barrels in 2017, and we see further progress toward rebalancing continuing into 2018. With our fully integrated and flexible system, strategically located assets that provide excellent optionality, and a focus on operational excellence, we believe we have a sustainable long-term competitive advantage that drives real value for shareholders over the long term. With that, let me turn the call over to Tim to walk you through the financial results for the third quarter.
Donald C. Templin: I guess – this is Don, Corey. I mean, what we're always doing is, we're looking for opportunities to – if there is a – if we're using a third party to supply MPC and we have an opportunity to supply or move it ourselves, we're always looking to those opportunities. So I think we've historically been looking at that and certainly Mike Hennigan and his team have been very focused on understanding what are the opportunities to source more of the movements from third parties to MPC-owned – or MPLX-owned logistics.
Donald C. Templin: Yeah. The Bakken diffs are something they trade every day at Clearbrook. And you can probably – you can probably find that somewhere in the trade press, Ryan. We continue to buy at Clearbrook, we're buying those at Patoka. I don't think you'll generally find those diffs at Patoka, and I'm not going to share those with you today, but they move around.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, Phil. This is Gary. We of course think about it and we will do our homework on such opportunities. We've looked at some in the past until we've completed our thorough review of Speedway, we really were not going to act on anything, but it – retail, Midstream continues to be a very strong focus in our path going forward.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, first of all, we've always said, we will always maintain an investment grade credit profile. And then, it just depends on if something makes sense, how big it is – we illustrated that we certainly have the competency to be able to leapfrog markets like we did when we bought Hess when we went to the East Coast and we've been able to integrate the Hess assets very, very well into our system and exceed the synergies that we have planned. So, it just depends, Phil, on what the size would be. But I don't expect that we will deviate from buying back shares that we've discussed in the past.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, as you know, we have three owners in the system. And this was a – we're very pleased that we were able to get this open season out into the market, we're receiving very, very strong inbounds on consideration for this pipeline. From an engineering and construction to reverse this pipeline, you are correct, it will not take five years, it's more from a commercial standpoint that the three owners are looking at this. And timing from, as I say, from a commercial side that we've put the open season out in the manner in which we did.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, Chi, it's both. As you know, this pipeline flowing south to north has the capability depending on the crude slate of running 1 million to 1.2 million barrels per day. Has not – recently been running anywhere near that level. But if you look at the Eastern Gulf, so everywhere from Baton Rouge refineries through Garyville, I think over to Mississippi, there is a strong desire to have a steady source of heavy crude. And so, the Eastern Gulf does not have that steady source coming down today. So, from a commercial standpoint, it's very important to MPC. Secondly, it provides a good Midstream source as well and that, as you know, Capline is not yet a part of our MLP, and that's just because the commerciality of that pipeline as it sits today is certainly – is not at a level – at the value level that it should be. So, as this is reversed down the road, we think that, that pipeline is going to be much more valuable, and then it will be an asset that will be considered for MPLX.
Gary R. Heminger: Chi, I was just waiting for Mike to finish, and I was going to add in that you've got to think about Capline going beyond just St. James, that it eventually could go all the way back out to LOOP and it could reverse VLCCs out of loop. That study is underway. Today, we have a capacity of around 800,000 barrels a day of unloading capacity, but that's off of – we have three buoys, and I think we're going to unload two ships simultaneously. But we're – we do not have that study complete yet on – and presumably, it would be heavy crude that we would be looking at exporting. So when we get that study complete, Chi, we'll be able to share with you – we just don't have all of the engineering done.
Gary R. Heminger: But certainly would be the long-term plan, which it would be very positive for the Canadian producers, it'd be very positive for the midstream players, and also for all of the Eastern Gulf refiners to be able to have that crude source, and then some to even be able to export if they wished.
Gary R. Heminger: Faisel, if you really look at the macro view here, I want to make sure investors understand this. If you look at gasoline and distillate days of supply, we're at the low end for both products on a five-year average – the low-end of that five-year average on a days supply. I think that's going to continue to provide momentum for light product exports. It's going to continue to provide balance for domestic inventories. And I think we're really teed up versus – I'll take you back to the same period in 2016 and same period in 2015, when we were mid-fourth quarter with very high inventories coming into the lower demand part of the season, and that was a drag on margins. Here, days of supply are really strong across – it should be really strong for inventory across both gasoline and distillate, and I think should continue to show strength finishing up the fourth quarter.
Gary R. Heminger: Right, Paul. And if you go back to Speedway, and you're right, we did publish a number of $270 million to $390 million per year, and then – that range is what we see as the integration value.
Gary R. Heminger: And we continue to illustrate it very, very well here. Again, in this quarter, Speedway had one of the best quarters – I think top three quarters that they've ever had. But, that makes up all the ratable movement that we go through our refining system in the Speedway, the value in certain markets that we can glean out of Speedway. So all-in-all, as we look at Speedway again as borne out in this quarter, very, very strong segment for us, and we continue to see that going forward. Asking as we complete this drop, where do we see things going? And I I've answered this a little bit earlier that retail and growth in our Midstream is going to continue to be front and center in our strategy. We think our base refining system is in very, very good shape, and as Ray mentioned, I think we're in very good shape to be able to handle the IMO and be a strong margin taker when this IMO comes to play. But we look at the organic side of MPLX as being a strong growth element, as well as we look at Speedway as being a strong growth element for our business. And if you look at MPLX historically, and now that we're coming to the end of the dropdowns, we have a very strong inventory of organic projects, but we're really – I've charged Mike with really increasing our third party business. And for MPLX not to be dependent on just the business coming from MPC, but other third party business. You look at the linkage that we have between Refining and Midstream and through MPLX, it's great linkage. I look at the assets that are now part of MPLX that were MarkWest and the linkage that we have there, we have great opportunities to be able to move the Northeast NGLs I think to the East Coast eventually. We have opportunities we believe when Buckeye reverses the Laurel Pipeline to be able to make some movements that will lower cost to consumers in the Pennsylvania and Eastern markets. That movement is all about lowering cost to consumers, which I think can be supplied from PAD 2. So, we have many opportunities that we're looking at with a very, very strong refining base underlying all of those opportunities.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, Paul, I believe two things – really three things there, if you look at three segments. There's definitely going to be further consolidation in refining, there's going to be further consolidation in midstream and we're seeing the consolidation happening in retail. So, there are going to be opportunities across. I'm not discounting that there may not be some opportunity in refining some day. Being upfront here that I don't see anything immediately on the horizon from a consolidation standpoint in refining. But certainly there's a lot of movement going on in midstream and in retail right now. And I think we have the ability, we've been able to show certainly that big acquisitions – we can execute on acquisitions and we can execute on delivering synergy. So – well, everything has to be at the right price that will be value generating to MPC.
Gary R. Heminger: Okay. I'm sorry, I just didn't hear it properly. That will be a case-by-case basis and we'll review that when the case comes. A very important point that – I'm glad you asked that question – that we really need to emphasize here. Where we set an MPLX and I use the word carnage in the midstream, we do not believe that – and in fact our numbers will illustrate that we are in a completely different position. We have outstanding coverage and we have outstanding growth targets and opportunities in front of us. So, we are in a very good shape and a strong balance sheet investment grade. So, we are in very good shape. We continue to have strong coverage and to have very strong growth as we go into the future. So if there are some opportunities, certainly we're going to take a look at those and see what fits best for our system and fits best for the growth of our unitholders and to continue to build that inventory that certainly supports the coverage in the MLPs.
Gary R. Heminger: So, Ryan, this is Don. We have not given information on the distributions from DAPL, but I can say that to-date it is performing at least as well as the economic expectations that we had when we sanctioned the project and took it to the board. We're very pleased with the results so far.
Gary R. Heminger: And, Ryan, maybe the important point to be made is that the system that we operate has got so much flexibility and optionality that as – if those differentials open up, we'll run more and have got lots of options with regard to our crude system. So that's – I mean, I think that's probably the point where you want to focus is that we've got the flexibility and optionality every day to sort of identify those best sources of crude for our system, and we'll take action appropriately.
Gary R. Heminger: You know, Ryan, it's very hard to take gasoline demand off of one month – yeah, we are trending down 1.3% for the month of October, but you have to take into context where crude prices have gone. And being a leader in most of the markets in which we have – which Speedway operates, we are the leader trying to get the incremental cost to the street. And when that happens, it costs some volume, but then we generally pick that volume up. I would say if you look at the same period last year, yes we're down a little bit, but last year was a very strong year, and we're continuing to hold on to most of that volume increase that came out of 2016 and through 2017. There's certainly some noise in the third quarter Speedway numbers because of all the storms. And one of the biggest things is people fill up when they have storms come, and they fill up and top all their tanks off with extra storage, wherever they can put it at their homes. And then you have a law to make up for that. So you're going to see some choppiness and noise over a period of time. So here in October's numbers, I would kind of take those with a grain of salt, just because there's been so much choppiness in the weather patterns in the country. But I think looking into next year, I think on gasoline demand, I think it's going to be probably flat with 2017, maybe slightly up depending – it's all going to be on where is the ultimate crude price going to be and what that takes the gasoline price to. But I think we would expect to see gasoline up just a little bit next year versus 2017.
C. Michael Palmer: Yeah, Chi. We don't think that there is going to be any sort of a problem in supplying a reverse Capline. Enbridge has numerous projects, for example, that will get completed in the not too distant future and we think that, that will certainly allow for supply into Capline. And not only that, I mean, the Keystone base system can be used in order to supply heavy Canadian into reverse Capline as well. So, we – again, we think there's plenty of opportunities to move the heavy Canadian down Capline.
C. Michael Palmer: Yeah, Brad, this is Mike Palmer. With the Brent and WTI spread now in this $5.50 to kind of $6 area, certainly that has encouraged a lot of U.S. exports to take place, as I'm sure you know. We expect that we'll continue to see a positive Brent TI spread going forward. But with all the exports taking place, I guess I would believe that we'll start to see that spread come in over the next months. When the spread is wide like it is, what we want to do is, we want to be in a position where we can take in as much of the WTI-based crude as we possibly can, and that's what we do in our optimization process. So, we're trying to capitalize on all of the WTI-priced crude that we possibly can in the system today. And as we move forward in the future and we get our Ozark expansion completed, that'll open up a considerable amount of additional optionality that we don't have today.
C. Michael Palmer: No. The only other thing I guess that I would add is that, again, we're -we're well set up to look at various opportunities in the world for any resid that's surplus to our system. So, as part of our continuing optimization process, that's exactly what we'll do.
C. Michael Palmer: Yeah, Corey, it's Mike Palmer here. DAPL became operational in June. And obviously what that does for us is it does give us the conduit into Patoka for the North Dakota Light crude. And over the third quarter, I can tell you that we've been ramping up the volumes of North Dakota Light as it has been attractive relative to the alternatives. So it's – again, it gave us the optionality we needed to take advantage of a well-priced feedstock.
C. Michael Palmer: Well, it's – the pipeline itself is fully operational. So shippers can ship into Patoka or they can ship down to the Gulf Coast, either one. The amount of North Dakota Light that we'll want to bring into our system ourselves will depend upon how it's being priced. So that volume will come up and down depending upon the marketplace and how we optimize.
C. Michael Palmer: Yeah. We're obviously watching the same thing and I think you've probably seen that – well, certainly during 2017, the heavy Canadian differentials have been fairly narrow and there's been – there still has been a lot of demand in the Gulf Coast for those barrels that's helping to drive that differential in. But with the increase in production that's coming on late this year and into next year, we've already seen those differentials that have started to widen. And again, MPC is in tremendous shape in order to take advantage of that additional supply, both in our Midwest system as well as on the Gulf Coast. So we do expect to see better heavy crude diffs in 2018 than we did in 2017. From the – when you start looking at the medium sours, generally the OPEC crudes, it's fairly clear that the Saudis and OPEC are working hard to bring the global petroleum back into balance. That's happening, inventories are coming down. We would expect to see continued pressure on the sour diffs until we get to the point where OPEC starts to put more crude into the market. And as that is the case, then we'll optimize, as we talked about earlier, with sweeter crudes. But the opportunity in 2018 right now – early on certainly looks to be with heavier crudes.
Raymond L. Brooks: Yeah, this is Ray Brooks. I'll take that question. As far as IMO, yes, we are looking at strategic opportunities for resid upgrading primarily at our Gulf Coast refineries where we've got the STAR project that we've talked about before. The big part of that is upgrading our resid, we've done some of that. We have some more planned with our resid hydrocracker expansion there. And then at Garyville, you ask about the resid hydrocracker there, we have no plans to pursue that, but we're looking at some opportunistic and quick-hit projects to expand our coking capacity at Garyville. So, yeah, the IMO is on the horizon for us and we think we've got a couple of good-looking opportunities.
Raymond L. Brooks: Yeah. This is Ray. I'll take a first stab at that. Our goal every day is to fill up our resid processing capabilities. And we can do that via couple of different ways, having up the crude slate to take advantage of that, or looking at shrinking our lower-valued sales. What I will say is, even ahead of IMO, we've taken a lot of steps to reduce our residual fuel sales by increasing our process – existing processing today through our cokers and resid the asphalting units.
Raymond L. Brooks: Faisel, the 331,000 barrels a day is one of the highest rates that we've ever had. So we are finding the export market to be very attractive and we are moving product to the export market when that is the better alternative than placing it in the domestic market. But we are – we believe the export market is attractive, we believe we're well situated given our Gulf Coast refineries. And as you well know, we're continuing to invest in upgrading or enhancing the capacity of our exports. And by 2020, we should be able to have a capacity of over 500,000 barrels a day from those two refineries, Galveston Bay and Garyville.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, Paul, this is Tim. I mean, both are effectively in the R&M segment currently. Let's talk about each of them individually. The refining logistics asset is really going to be structured as a sort of a fee-for-capacity arrangement within refining. So that's going to be sort of a charge that will flow back to for Refining. So that's a straight charge out of the R&M segment that will show up in MPLX once the drops complete. For the fuels distribution, similarly this is a service contract, a giant service contract that will exist between the parties and elements of it will be in margin, elements will be below the line (33:23) in terms of how it gets reflected, actually I think most of it will actually show up below the line in terms of where it shows up. So, it'll be out of margin, but part of the movement between the segments of R&M and into MPLX.
Timothy T. Griffith: And that's right. It should not have an impact on gross margin, but it will have an impact on the segment.
Timothy T. Griffith: And I think – Paul, I had mentioned even on the last call that heading into these drops, we'll try to provide some framework about how that will look pro forma for the transactions to sort of help guide your thinking around how best to model it.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, we're probably a little bit behind what we expected by the end of the third quarter, but we suspect that there will be some catch-up that will occur in the fourth quarter. So again, we're not going to re-guide the capital, but I think you should expect to see some catch-ups that will occur into the end of the year here.
Timothy T. Griffith: Doug, it's Tim. We had said even on the announcements in January that using a roughly – sort of 20% tax rate on the drops was probably appropriate. I'm not sure we guide any differently at this point. So you can think about it in those terms, somewhere between there and sort of statutory. So that's probably the range.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, we'll manage it in a way that we think optimizes our ability to access to market without influencing the price. Again, we'll – this is certainly going to be a big slug of proceeds all at once, so I think we'll evaluate more accelerated forms to see if those make sense. We've been very successful in open market repurchases and really delivering at or below daily view apps (45:16), so we'll take a look at what makes the more sense at the time.
Timothy T. Griffith: Sure, Doug. It's Tim. Let me try to take both of those. Your first question with regard to maybe precedent transactions or other GP transactions we see in the marketplace, for one thing, our 15 to 20 that we provided in January was really illustrative. And frankly, that's not where we started on multiples. We really looked at what would be the appropriate premium of cash flow pro forma for the transactions vis-à-vis what the GP cash flow would have looked like otherwise. We turned it into a multiple because we know everyone loves to talk about multiples, but the – I guess the thing that is worth pointing out is that the situation that both of the recent transactions that have been done, the situation of the GP and the situation that MPLX's GP finds itself are very different. And so, it's I think very difficult to compare two transactions and say those multiples should be about the same because it's really not an apples-to-apples comparison. You really have to assess what the cash flow growth profile of those GP distributions will look like on their own sort of at the point the transaction's conducted. So, again, we're not going to re-guide to ranges or what the value is, I mean that's a process that's in front of us. We'll have all the appropriate dialog with the conflicts committee and the MPLX board. As we've stressed on multiple occasions and maybe worth repeating again this morning, pro forma for these transactions, MPC will be a substantial holder of LP units. And really striking a balance on the GP buy-in to make sure that it both illuminates value of the GP and provides an affordable and sensible transaction for the partnership becomes very important, because any action that MPC takes that harms the partnership hurts no one more than MPC. So, I think we – again, we'll be very careful about striking an appropriate balance on the transaction. And again, we'll share our color on valuation at the appropriate time. I don't think we want to get in front of a process just now. Your second question if I understood, it was really – relates to the tax basis and the distribution that come back. There is certainly a tax advantage of LP distributions versus GP distributions which are fully taxable from an MPC perspective. So MPC although it will not be afforded the full benefit of the return of capital that LP holders will, is going to get a tax benefit on LP distributions vis-à-vis what would have been available otherwise. So again, I think as we get closer, we're certainly happy to share some more color around it. We certainly understand the desire and interest in understanding exactly how much of those distributions will be taxable and we'll share some color with you once we get through that transaction and are in a position to give you that guidance.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, it's Tim. I'm happy to answer that. I mean, I think, as we've talked even in the fall of last year, we were really evaluating all of the paths we could take with the GP. And I think where we landed was that ultimately buying of the GP's economic interest by the partnership in exchange for units was the best path for the partnership. So I'd say – I guess we always keep an open mind. I think it's highly unlikely we're going to proceed down a different path with regard to that value realization. We think ultimately the exchange for units is the best path there in terms of sort of retaining it. Now, your second piece of that I think was around liquidation of the units, and I'll tell you that ultimately these units coming back – again, we are effectively taking a pretty big slug of refining earnings and converting it into LP distributions. And those are fundamental to the system. I mean, those LP distributions-backed MPC will be a very big piece of MPC's discretionary free cash flow. And I don't think we have any intention at any point to liquidate these units. They are a fundamental part of the cash flow of the enterprise. And we would expect to hang on to these units for as long as we can imagine.
