Donald Templin: Thanks, Gary. Turning to Slide 4. We reported third quarter earnings of $737 million and income from operations of $1.4 billion. Refining & Marketing delivered strong results with third quarter segment earnings of $666 million. We operated exceptionally well throughout the quarter and achieved 97% utilization across our refining system, despite having our Canton and Detroit refineries in turnaround during the quarter. Within the Midstream segment, which largely reflects the financial results of MPLX, we reported income from operations of $679 million, driven by strong pipeline throughput volumes as well as record gathered process and fractionated volumes during the third quarter. MPLX announced several new projects during the quarter, including planned investments in two long-haul pipelines as well as the acquisition of a Gulf Coast export terminal in Louisiana. We encourage you to listen in on the MPLX call at 11 a.m. this morning to hear more about MPLX's performance and the opportunities across the business. We would also point you to ANDX's call on November 7, as both partnerships will be part of our Midstream segment going forward. On the retail side, Speedway reported income from operations of $161 million. In the third quarter, gasoline and distillate margins continued to be adversely impacted by rising crude oil prices. In a rising market, there is a delay in our ability to react at The Street, which pressures margins. Our focus continues to be optimizing total gasoline contributions between volume and margin as market conditions adjust. While our third quarter earnings materials do not reflect the results for Andeavor, I would like to provide some key statistics for the quarter, which demonstrate continued strong performance in the legacy business. The legacy Andeavor refining segment had throughput of 1.1 million barrels per day, which was roughly 97% utilization. The Andeavor index was $16.03 per barrel for the quarter with a margin capture rate of 80%. Manufacturing cost was $5.50 per barrel. We look forward to reporting on a consolidated basis starting in the fourth quarter when we think the tremendous benefits to combining these two powerful businesses will be evident. As shown on Slide 5, one of the first tangible signs of integration comes from the retail segment. We immediately started converting the Andeavor company-owned and operated stores to the Speedway brand. At the end of October, roughly 90 sites in the St. Paul and Minneapolis markets have been converted, and we expect to complete approximately 200 sites by the end of 2018. These conversions are an important element in the synergy capture we are driving. We are learning each day, implementing the best practices from each organization, and while the conversions of the Speedway stores are an easy first milestone to point out, we look forward to providing more updates across our refining, midstream and retail organizations at our upcoming Investor Day. With that, let me turn our call over to Tim to provide a more detailed walk-through of the financial results for the third quarter.
Donald Templin: Yes, Neil, we are really positive on the realization of those synergies. You talked about the $1 billion and we had a ramp that had us at like $480 million in year 1, ramping up to the $1 billion. I'm very confident about achievability, not only of the $1 billion but also of the ramp. To give you some examples, we talked a little bit about, in my prepared comments, around the Speedway conversion. You think about sort of crude acquisition, we have 10 refineries and more than 1.1 million barrels of processing capacity in the MidContinent, Midwest and all sorts of logistics assets. And as Rick mentioned, we are seeing optimization of those logistics assets that are helping us achieve those synergies at a faster pace than we'd originally contemplated when we gave you the numbers. On the refined products side, we've had opportunities to place cargoes now. If we have a customer, we can actually place cargoes from either the West Coast or the Gulf Coast, which wasn't an option before we were combined. And then on the refining side, we mentioned -- Gary mentioned, a couple of turnarounds. We were able to leverage at both St. Paul Park and Martinez. We were able to leverage having supplementing the turnaround teams with MPC employees as well as some of our key contractors. And so both of those turnarounds are coming in under budget -- or came in under budget and ahead of schedule. So I think those are sort of 4 tangible examples, retail, crude acquisition, refined product supply and what we're doing on the refining side that give us a lot of confidence about our ability to deliver.
Donald Templin: Yes, Roger, that 2/3, 1/3 -- this is Don, that 2/3, 1/3 is really a reference to the Canadian acquisition -- or Canadian crudes that we're acquiring.
Gary Heminger: That's a very good question and kind of top on the charts of what we're working on, Doug. First of all, with the -- in combining the new companies, we are really attempting to smooth out these turnarounds so we don't have a lumpy turnaround schedule in any given period. As I look at what we just completed here, there's some work done at El Paso, St. Paul, Detroit, Canton, and we're just about completing a turnaround at Martinez. But especially when you look at those markets around the MidCon, and as I said in my script earlier, we're now going to have 1 million barrels a day -- a little over 1 million barrels a day of refining capacity in and around the WTI in Cushing-related crudes, which is a significant benefit. And we have all that work behind us, and as I say, we're going to really smooth things out going forward into '19 and '20 and believe that '19 is going to be really kind of a soft year in the turnaround space.
Gary Heminger: Sure. I'm going to ask Rick Hessling to get into that in more detail. And as you know, as we visited last week, we talked a little bit about the Canadian as well. And not only are we a very large purchaser of WCS, but we're very large in the Syncrude side, which have had tremendous margins, or I should say, differentials as well. But Rick will give you some more detail.
Gary Heminger: Neil, we're going to give you a lot more flavor at the Analyst Day Meeting. And when I hear that people continue to discount this number, I think we're going to really be able to put that to rest at our Analyst Day Meeting because -- and you're right, we now have 31 days under our belt of operating, but we weren't sitting still in the transition period. We're really working hard at what opportunities we could see. I'm going to ask Don. Don has really led the integration team. I'm going to ask Don to give you some -- just some upfront color on what we're seeing. We're already seeing some synergies above and beyond what we had recognized in our due diligence exercise. But I have -- let Don give you some more color.
Gary Heminger: So, Paul, let me add on to that. One of the things that we really want investors to understand, and it's what next week having a kind of our top 100 management team men for a full meeting, one of the things you need to recognize in a transaction like this is you need to step back and understand the scale, and you have to have a vision for how big this company has become. And the scale is going to be one of the most important parts, not only to driving synergy but to driving efficiency. And so I really want to -- we're going to strive and we're going to talk about scale a lot with investors. So that's what we're seeing already. And some of the early synergies that we're capturing that we had anticipated is that scale is very, very important. And you get the scale running down the track in the same direction. It could be a very, very positive of that with a lot of momentum behind it. So that's really the point that I want to get across to investors.
Gary Heminger: Sure. Well, Paul, as we mentioned, we're already completing the turnaround of the St. Paul, Minnesota and Wisconsin assets from SuperAmerica into Speedway. We expect that to be done by the end of the year. From there, we have crews doing 7 to 8 stores every day. We're able to turn those stores that quick. And that -- when we say turn the store, that's not just putting signs out on the pumps and at the street. That's remerchandising the store and putting your backroom system and the managers, the entire store as well. And from there, we'll get those completed here in December, and then we're going to move to the west and southwest and start probably in the El Paso and Arizona market, starting to rebrand those into Speedway. Now as we go out to Southern California, Northern California, the ARCO brand is a very, very strong brand. We're continuing our analysis. We won't have the crews freed up to be able to go further west until probably mid-'19 to later '19. So we're completing our analysis on what brands we may want to use in that market. As I said, ARCO is a very strong brand. Speedway has a very strong brand and a very strong convenience store merchandising component. And then in addition, as you said, there is a potpourri of many other brands that have been used historically. It is our intent that we're going to whittle this down to either one or maybe a handful of other brands and locations by the time we complete. And then at the same time, the jobber business that you're familiar with that we have branded Marathon, there are a large number of brands that have been used on the jobber dealer side in Andeavor in the past. We will expect to take the majority of those to the Marathon brand over time. Again, it will take us a little while to finish up the analysis as we meet with some of our suppliers and as we meet with our customers as well to determine which brands, but predominant brand going forward on that side of the business will be Marathon.
Gary Heminger: Yes, Phil, it's a good point. And you recall, when we invested in the Dakota Access Pipeline, it gives us that ability to bring Bakken crude down into our PADD II refineries. It gives us the ability to run it now in some of our MidCon refineries. As you know, Greg and his team have taken Bakken to the west of the rail and other methods of transportation. So we have tremendous optionality, to use Rick's term, on being able to move Bakken around our system. But let me ask Rick to get into the details of what he's seeing and talk about the structure of the market.
Gary Heminger: And, Phil, one more thing I'll add to that, and this kind of goes back to the questions on the confidence of being able to capture the synergies. When you look at how well the legacy Andeavor assets performed in the third quarter, how well the MPC assets, even though we had a couple turnarounds, how well we performed in the utilization rates while we had this major transaction going on, I think that illustrates that we can execute on big projects. As we've done in the past with all the big projects we've done over our life over the last 7 years, we execute and we complete big projects on time and usually on or below budget. I think that was represented here in how well both sides performed while we had integration process going on. And that's -- again, it gives us tremendous confidence going forward we'll be able to execute.
Gary Heminger: Well, Doug, I'll give you a narrative that the answer is yes. I'm not going to -- I can't share with you the individual areas that we have already seen that we can capture some additional value because it's a very competitive market there. I shared some -- a few years ago a different system, and it only took 60 days and that evaporated from a competitive standpoint. So I'm not going to get into the details, but yes, we're seeing in and around the Northern Pipeline systems. And when you step back and look at what it costs to rail, to rail out of Canada or to rail out of the Bakken to PADD I, $15, $16 a barrel, and then you back into our MidCon, PADD II, PADD IV systems today, that gives us a tremendous advantage over the next barrel that's trying to move out of that market. So I would just say we've captured very early some additional synergies, commercial synergies that we had not recognized in our initial due diligence, and I'll just leave it at that, Doug.
Gary Heminger: Yes. Doug, you -- the equipment you have, the processing facilities you have, you absolutely maximize those to the full extent. You may change a little bit of your feedstock, but the way we are set up, whether it's cat feed, whether it's light crude or whether it's heavy crude, we will absolutely maximize the amount of diesel we can make, no matter what feedstocks are available. We will top those facilities out.
Gary Heminger: Okay. I'll just give you a very quick summary. We could talk a long time about this. But probably less than 1% of the stations in America today are offering E15. We have analyzed it in many different ways, and if you look at the -- still the biggest issue is a majority of the vehicles on the road today will not warrant anything greater than E10, unless you have a flex-fueled vehicle. So as we continue to study that, the procedures and implementation processes are not out yet from the EPA on how they would implement this. We question whether or not they really have the authority to grant this E15 waiver year round. Adding incrementally, it's 3 months beyond what's already in the marketplace today. So it's not -- we kind of look at it as being de minimis. However, E85 -- excuse me, E15, the way it's marketed, is at 88 Octane. There will be a number of issues you would have to be able to counter such as misfueling. So we continue to analyze this. We need to see, Brad, what the procedures are that come out from the EPA before we make a final determination. But I think the best thing that has happened throughout all of this, it's kind of been neutral to the overall market, but Brent prices have really continued to decline.
Timothy Griffith: Yes, Doug, it's a good question. The -- you're exactly right that we were precluded during the proxy period from doing share repurchase. So actually, $400 million was a pretty good clip given the periods that we could not be in the market. I think you can expect to see that our approach on this and the return of cash beyond the needs of the business is going to be as steadfast as ever. I mean, a big part of the combination, certainly, was the incremental cash flow provided by the transaction. And as the synergies come online, the business continues to perform, I think the expectation that share repurchase will be an important part of our capital allocation is an appropriate assumption.
Timothy Griffith: Yes, Paul, it's Tim. We certainly take the point that getting back up the systems, pulled together and integrated will be an important part, and I think we've recognized that from the outset. There are a couple of systems integration processes that are still underway within the legacy Andeavor business. We'll continue to get those complete, done right, and we will, in very short order, take up the process of evaluating exactly what the plans would be on the systems side to come into full integration. We are not in a position at this time to give you a time line over what that -- over what time period that will take, but it will be a big focus. I think importantly for the synergies themselves, though, this is not a massive component of the achievement. I mean, there's certainly a small segment of the synergies that will be part of the systems integration, but some of the items that Don mentioned are really the lion's share where those synergies are going to be driven. So it is not a gating item. It is not a critical path on the synergy achievement that we expect to see over time, but we'll clearly stay focused on it as we go in again. The -- with regard to the reporting out, I mean, I think we recognize and expect full well that we are going to be bringing and accounting around the synergies to the market on a regular basis. I mean, we'll -- again, I think we'll share some color at Investor Day and beyond, but we will be building a -- sort of a framework and reporting protocol to share exactly what the progress has been and what the color has been as we go along the way. So this is something that's high in the radar. Whether the systems integrate or not, we'll have the full ability and anticipate reporting out in our progress along the way. So appreciate the question, Paul.
Timothy Griffith: Sure. Manav, you've probably seen and we've, I think, said this on multiple occasions over the last couple of years that we are not believers that RIN costs are -- drive differential profitability within the refining system. I think we are -- we have a pretty convicted view that as RIN prices arise, it gets reflected in the crack, and on a net basis, the system is no better or worse off than where things are at. So I'm not sure we'd highlighted an incremental benefit to the lower RINs costs. It certainly introduces a lot less noise into the market relative to -- so what the real economic cracks are, but we would not identify any natural economic benefit in total to the system related to the lower prices.
Timothy Griffith: Yes, Prashant, it's Tim. The -- that $419 million in other really reflects almost entirely the services being paid to MPLX for the refinery logistics assets and fuels distribution. So that is the lion's share of that delta versus last year. It's probably inappropriate assumption these on a going-forward basis because those are agreements that will be in place for an extended period of time.
Rick Hessling: Yes, Neil, it is a very good question. So on the heavy front, as you know, on the WCS side, it's touched $50 under TI; and Syncrude, I think, yesterday touched $32 under. So as Gary mentioned, there's a lot of upside for us. We mentioned our purchases being north of 500,000. We do not share and break down how much is fully discounted and how much isn't. What I can share, though, is that our optionality is significant amongst PADD II, especially when now, when you put in St. Paul Park into the grid, that allows us even more connectivity and optionality to really eke out the most benefit for these advantaged barrels. Going forward, Neil, on discounts, we're bullish. We sit and we see high all-time production in Canada. There are constraints leaving the basin. Rail is limited. Rail is doing slightly over 200 today, and it may get into the 3 to mid-3s in 2019. That certainly will not alleviate the constraints. So we're bullish on the differentials going forward, not only on heavy but light and medium, which we're players in all 3. And really, the relief won't happen, Neil, until you get another big pipeline out of the basin, which, by all accounts, might be lying three and that may be end of 2019 at best.
Rick Hessling: Yes, Phil, I'm really glad you brought this up. A lot of people want to talk Canadian and want to talk Midland. And really, Bakken is kind of the forgotten basin, if you will, and it's extremely important to us. Yesterday, Beaver Lodge, which is an origin point that feeds DAPL, trade at $14 -- at a $14 differential. So unheard of, by all accounts, every report we hear is that basin is flushed with barrels. Really similar to the Canadian story, Phil, it's flushed with barrels, and there's no way out. And there's no immediate relief, Phil, that we can see. Rail can only do so much. And as we head into winter, you're going to have rail constraints, the difficulties of loading rail out. So we kind of see that's the perfect storm we had in our St. Paul Park refinery now. That gives us, as Gary said, more optionality, connectivity. We have the DAPL Pipeline that feeds barrels to us right into Patoka, where we can go throughout our PADD II system, as well as we can also take their barrels to Southern Access Extension or Ozark. So we have multiple ways of getting barrels to multiple plants, and we're very bullish this differential here going forward.
Rick Hessling: Yes. So, Roger, ultimately, the apportionment that Enbridge has had out of the basin has been pretty consistent, plus or minus 5%. We predicted every month and we usually come in within 1% or 2%. And to be frank, if you look at what the barrels we received in the past with what we receive in current month and what we believe we'll receive going forward, we're very confident with the numbers we've shared to date going forward. So I can't speak to anyone else's view on apportionment, but from our standpoint, it's been relatively consistent and we see it that way going forward.
Rick Hessling: Yes, it would be closer to 2/3, 1/3, but I would caution you that fluctuates month-to-month. It's really all based on refinery runs, are we looking to run more gas, more diesel, and obviously, the differentials. So I would caution you not to get locked in on a specific percentage because that does fluctuate month-to-month significantly.
Rick Hessling: Yes, this is Rick. So first off, on the Maya piece, Maya has been extremely expensive. Its formula, as you know, follows basically WTS as well as some other domestic grades. So with everything strengthening, Maya has kind of priced itself out of the market. The good news from our front on Maya is we run very little Maya, and we are able to pivot away from Maya and have great optionality to bring in other heavies. On the market tightening, I would agree with that, that it had tightened for a period of time, but I would tell you at this 10 seconds and looking forward, we're seeing a window where the market is now the avails looks good, the economics behind the avails look good, both on heavy and air of gulf crudes as well as Latin American and crudes really throughout the -- throughout and around the globe. So we believe the pinchpoint of the tightness in the market is kind of clearing, and we believe better days are ahead, certainly, with optionality into the Gulf with all waterborne crudes.
Philip Gresh: First question, just wanted to follow up one more time on the crude exposures because you mentioned 1 million barrels a day of advantaged crudes. How do you think about the Bakken exposure for the pro forma company at this point? Obviously, the differentials have widened up quite a bit. I'm just wondering how you think about your advantage access there and then just if you have a view of how much of this is temporary for maintenance versus more structural because of pipeline or real capacity constraints.
Philip Gresh: And just to clarify, the Bakken is in the 1 million barrels a day of advantaged crudes that you're speaking to.
Philip Gresh: Okay. Second question would just be -- this might be a difficult one, but to the extent you can talk a little bit to the Andeavor performance in the quarter, realize you may not be able to give hard financials, but it would be helpful to at least understand since we don't have anything publicly available to us.
