Kristina Kazarian: Welcome to the Marathon Petroleum Corporation third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. The slides that accompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investors tab. Joining me on the call today are Mike Hennigan, CEO; Maryann Mannen, CFO and other members of the executive team. We invite you to read the Safe Harbor statements on slide 2. We will be making forward-looking statements today. Actual results may differ. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included there as well as in our filings with the SEC. References to MPC’s refining utilization for the third quarter, as well as fourth quarter guidance now include the addition of approximately 40,000 barrels a day of capacity related to STAR in our Gulf Coast region. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Mike.
Kristina Kazarian: Thanks, Mike. As we open the call for your questions and as a courtesy to all participants, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If time permits, we’ll re-prompt for additional questions. And with that, Sheila, we’re ready for them.
Kristina Kazarian: All right. With that, thank you so much, everyone, today for your interest in Marathon Petroleum Corporation. Should you have additional questions or would you like clarification on topics discussed this morning, please reach out, and our team will be available to take your calls. Thanks so much for joining us.
Mike Hennigan: Thank you, Kristina. Good morning. Thank you for joining our call. Beginning with our view on the refining environment, in the third quarter, we saw strong demand and global supply tightness supporting refining margins. Diesel cracks led the barrels inventories remain tight and European distillate production ran below capacity. Globally, oil demand is at a record high as the need for affordable and reliable energy increases throughout the world. In our system, both domestically and within our export business, we are seeing steady demand year-over-year across the gasoline and diesel and demand for jet fuel continues to grow. Global supply remains constrained and global capacity additions have progressed at a slow pace. In the regions where we operate, seasonal butane blending has increased gasoline supply. However, we expect typical seasonal turnarounds to be supportive of cracks. To that end, we’ve seen 3.5 million barrels of gasoline inventory drawn out of the U.S. system over the past several weeks. OPEC+ has reduced production, adding pressure to medium sour differentials. While crude differentials have generally been narrowing, we have seen WCS widen and we’re strategically situated to run heavy Canadian crude at our refineries across PADDs 2, 3 and 5. As we look towards 2024, we believe an enhanced mid-cycle environment will continue in the U.S. due to the global supply demand fundamentals and the relative advantages over international sources of supply, including energy costs, feedstock acquisition costs and refinery complexity. Turning to our results, in the third quarter, we delivered strong cash generation across our business. In Refining & Marketing, strong margins, 94% utilization and solid commercial performance led the segment adjusted EBITDA of $4.4 billion or $16.06 per barrel. Our Midstream segment delivered durable and growing earnings. This quarter, it generated segment adjusted EBITDA of over $1.5 billion. Year-to-date, our Midstream segment EBITDA is up 6% compared to the prior year period. The strength of MPLX’s cash flows supported its decision to increase its quarterly distribution by another 10%. With this increase, MPC is expected to receive $2.2 billion of distributions from MPLX annually. MPLX is strategic to MPC’s portfolio. Its current pace of cash distributions fully covers MPC’s dividend and more than half of our planned 2023 capital program. We expect MPLX’s cash distribution to continue growing as it pursues growth opportunities, which will further enhance the value of this strategic relationship. We believe MPC’s current capital allocation priorities are optimal for our shareholders. In the third quarter, we returned $3.1 billion to MPC shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. Last week, we announced an additional $5 billion share repurchase authorization and a 10% increase to MPC’s quarterly dividend. With this increase, we have grown our quarterly dividend at over 12% compound annual rate over the past five years, which has led our refining peers. Our overall capital allocation framework remains consistent. We will invest in sustaining our asset base, while paying a secure competitive and growing dividend. We intend to grow the Company’s earnings and we will exercise strict capital discipline. And beyond these three priorities, we are firmly committed to returning excess capital through share repurchases to meaningfully lower our share count. Let me also share some of the progress on our low carbon initiatives. The Martinez Renewables fuel facility is being delivered safely, on time, and on budget, and by the end of 2023, the facility is expected to produce 730 million gallons per year. At that point, Martinez will be among the largest renewable diesel facilities with a competitive operating profile, robust logistics flexibility, and advantaged feedstock slate and should benefit from the global strategic relationship with Neste. Our Dickinson renewable diesel facility is operating well. The facility processed 75% advantaged feed in the third quarter. The nearby Spiritwood soybean processing plant, which is owned through a joint venture with ADM, is expected to deliver enough vegetable oil to produce approximately 75 million gallons per year of renewable diesel. Additionally, we are advancing early stage developments through our interest in low carbon intensity RNG and other small scale investments. We believe through these projects, we’re taking disciplined steps to advance our goal to lower the carbon intensity of our operations and the products we manufacture and supply to a growing and evolving market, while operating our current asset base to deliver superior cash flow and meet demands. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Maryann.
Mike Hennigan: In summary, we will continue to prioritize capital investments to ensure the safe and reliable performance of our assets. We’ll also invest in projects where we believe there are attractive returns. Through the third quarter, we’ve invested over $1.7 billion in capital and investment, which includes $390 million of maintenance capital as well as over $900 million on refinery turnarounds in 2023. Our focus on safety, operational excellence, and sustained commercial improvement will position us to capture the enhanced mid-cycle environment, which we expect to continue longer term given our advantages over marginal sources of supply and growing global demand. MPLX remains a source of growth in our portfolio. Partnership is expected to distribute over $2.2 billion to MPC annually. And as MPLX continues to grow its free cash flow, we believe it will continue to have capacity to increase its cash distributions to MPC. We believe MPC is positioned as the refiner investment of choice, with the strongest through cycle cash generation and the ability to deliver superior returns to our shareholders, supported by our firm commitment to return capital. With that, let me turn the call back over to Kristina.
Mike Hennigan: Manav, it’s Mike. The only thing I would add to what Rick said is, we start with EBITDA per barrel. We want to make sure we’re generating as much earnings as we can as we run our assets. Ultimately, though, I care the most about cash generation. I mean, it starts with EBITDA per barrel, but the bottom line is, are we generating significant amount of cash to give us the flexibility to drive shareholder returns. So, I think you hit the starting point with EBITDA per barrel. The ending point is generating cash and then having that flexibility.
Mike Hennigan: I think, Mary, you answered it very well. Paul, the way we think about it is on the MPLX side of the house, we’ve been spending roughly about $1 billion and growing those cash flows. If you listen to the MPLX call, we’re still very comfortable with those cash flows growing that will continue to kick over to MPC via distribution. And then Maryann said it well, on the refining side of the house, we’re still very optimistic that we have some good projects that enable us to either increase reliability which will hit the bottom line or enhance our margins in such a way that we talked about earlier that we’ll generate more EBITDA per barrel. So, we have a pretty fulsome look at where we think we’re going to invest. And like Mary just gave you the numbers over the last couple of years, you’re spending $2 billion to $3 billion overall on a consolidated basis. We think that’s a nice base case to have. And then we always look to optimize around that. When we do that, we generate sufficient free cash flow that we can still return capital via dividends and buybacks. And as you’ve seen in this enhanced margin environment, that’s part of our DNA to return capital to shareholders.
Mike Hennigan: Yes. Sam, here’s the way I think about it. As you know, we don’t control the margins. So, as the quarter progresses, we don’t have a specified amount that says we’re going to do x in this quarter, other than we’ve been trying to be as aggressive as we possibly can within the constraints that the SEC puts on us, such as daily volume traded limitations or blackout periods, et cetera, et cetera. So, we’ve been -- because it kind of looks like it’s been consistent just because we’ve been trying to be as aggressive as possible, once we generate the cash, as we talk to Paul’s question, we have our dedication that we want to invest capital in. And then we want to be returning capital to shareholders as quickly as we can. At the same time, I will tell you that we also still try to beat the market. One of our goals is to be as aggressive as we can return capital, but take advantage of the volatility that’s within the quarter. And since we started this program, we’ve ended up reducing the share count by about 40%. It’s a rough number. And during that process, we’ve kind of beat the market by about $4. So, if you say, hey, we’ve reduced somewhere around 270 million shares at around $4, it’s roughly about $1 billion of value creation just in our execution. But it starts with, obviously, generate cash, figure out how much we can return to shareholders as quickly as we can within those constraints and then try our best to beat the market during that execution. I hope that helps.
Mike Hennigan: Jason, it’s Mike. I’ll start, and I’ll let Mary jump in. Yes, I think what you’re referring to is we had a bigger increase before because the way we looked at it is most in our industry kind of paused around COVID during that tough year of cash. So, we made a bigger jump. And now what we’re showing this year is we’re trying to show the market that we believe in a growing dividend that is part of our capital allocation. We want it to be competitive. But at the same time, I often say that it’s more tax efficient to go return capital through share repurchases. And the sheer quantum of dollars in each case is pretty different. So overall, we want the market to know, yes, we’re going to grow the dividend. We’re going to consistently do that. We want it to be competitive. We want to show that we’re going to grow earnings, that comes back to investing capital and all the self-help that we can do. But at the same time, we’re going to err more on the side of share repurchases because we think it’s more tax efficient and a better way to return capital.
Mike Hennigan: Hey Matthew, it’s Mike. I’ll just add to your and to Theresa’s question. I think what you’re trying -- or hopefully, what you’re seeing from us is we’re attentive to this whole low-carbon world, whether it’s investment in RNG, like Theresa talked about or as Dave just mentioned, SAF, in my opinion, is going to happen at some period. As Dave said, there’s a little bit of wrangling around the economics of it at this point. But when those opportunities present themselves to us, we’ll continue to optimize our portfolio. So, I think if you take a stair step over time, you’re going to see us continue to be conscious of that, at the same time, recognizing that the base business is still the majority of what we do. But over time, we’re going to continue to look, whether it’s RNG, whether it’s SAF, whether it’s continued build-out in some other areas, those are things that we continue to evaluate. Dave and his team is constantly looking at it, and we’ll make some investment there. But we’re not looking for the big splash of a major investment, as Dave just said. We’re not looking to buy something that’s already been proven out. We’re looking to get ourselves in and grow with those opportunities.
Rick Hessling: Hi, Manav. It’s Rick. First of all, thank you for the perceptive callout. I will tell you we are uber-focused on EBITDA and our results compared to others. And our team will certainly greatly appreciate your callout on this as they’ve been working on this consistently for years now, Manav, and you’re seeing it pull through to our results. So, who kudos to the team there. I will kind of backtrack and state what we’ve stated in past quarters, Manav. We’ve made structural improvements throughout our entire commercial value chain to capture value from the front end all the way through the back end. And specifically, we’re doing so in a way today that is -- it is creating a mindset change within our teams, and we are, I would say, taking more calculated risk with our approach and how we look at everything. There isn’t a rock that we’re not overturning to see what’s under it. And we’re assuming, Manav, we do everything wrong. And with that mindset, you can create a lot of value, in looking at things you haven’t looked at in the past. In the Midwest specifically, I will really pivot on a couple of things. We have a fully integrated system. We have four great refineries in the Midwest. In the third quarter, as you know, they ran very well. We have access to advantaged feedstocks, both Canadian and domestic, and then Brian’s team has created exceptional optionality for product placement. So, when you combine all those factors together, Manav, you really get to an end result that it’s been consistent, as you stated, over the last several quarters and we expect it to continue.
Rick Hessling: Sam, it’s Rick. Your analogy is spot on. So when TMX comes on line, we’ll not only see benefits in the Pacific Northwest, specifically at Anacortes and at L.A. So, the way we look at it is you’re going to get access to an advantaged barrel more so than what you do today. And we believe that barrel will compete very well, especially on the West Coast. We believe TMX will have some start-up issues. They have some well-publicized marine hurdles they need to get over. And with that being said, having that barrel clear all the way to Asia will be difficult. And sitting on the West Coast, we have a structural advantage from a transportation cost perspective. So, we do see that playing into both of our assets, one in the Pacific Northwest and L.A. on the West Coast.
Rick Hessling: Yes. Hi Theresa, it’s Rick. So on the first part of your question, I’m just really not in a position to comment on the toll or speculate what it may end up at. On the second part of your question, the guidance I’d give you is as we look at the forward curve on WCS, so today, WCS sits at about a $26 discount. In Q1, it’s plus or minus $25. And in Q2, if TMX comes online there, and I think the market is still questionable on that. The forward curve is $15 to $18 discount. So still a pretty significant discount. And we’ll just have to see where it goes from there.
Maryann Mannen: Yes. Thank you, it’s Maryann and thanks for the question. You’re right. As we shared with you, we did have a couple of unplanned downtime events in the quarter that impacted the Gulf Coast. One, the most significant in terms of its contribution is the Galveston Bay reformer, and then, obviously, we had our, Garyville. Had we not had those two impacts, I’m happy to share a little bit more about those in a moment here, our capture would have been 6% higher than what we reported with the lion’s share of that capture event obviously being the reformer. As I mentioned, 4.7 million barrels in the quarter that we lost, and then on Garyville, it’s about 2.1 million barrels as we operated about half rate for just under a week. It took us about -- just back to, Galveston Bay for a moment. It took us about three months before, we were able to begin our work as we -- as the regulators got through their work and then we determined where all the repairs needed to be. So we were about three months, to the start of getting those, activities launched. I hope that answers the question.
Maryann Mannen: Sure, Paul. It’s Maryann. Let me talk a little bit about CapEx in general and then I’ll pass it to Mike and he’ll share some incremental thoughts as well. But as you know, one of our principles, if you will, our strategic pillars is strict capital discipline. And I think that has -- hopefully you’ve seen that we have implemented that principle well over the last few years. When you look at 2017 to 2020, our consolidated CapEx averaged about $3.5 billion. And as you look ‘21 to ‘23, that’s averaged $2.1 billion. So again that premise of strict capital discipline ensuring that we’re delivering the returns has been an important piece of the work that we’ve been doing. I think in refining, we continue to look for cost reduction type projects, those that can enhance reliability, margin enhancement type projects, then that we would be continuing to evaluate, and there are several of those projects that we’ll evaluate. In terms of the timing, we’re a bit early for 2024, frankly, even 2025 guidance. But let me pass it to Mike because I think he wants to give you some incremental color on how he’s thinking about it.
Maryann Mannen: Sam, it’s Maryann. Let me give you a few thoughts on that, and I can pass it to Mike in case he’s got some added value. I mean, there are several things that we look at as we are making decisions about the level of share buyback. And certainly, when we’re looking at intrinsic value, there’s a couple of approaches. So we’ll look at some of the parts. We’ll look at discounted cash flows. We use a series of reviews, obviously, looking at our EBITDA multiples of their respective businesses. But typically, when we are making the decision about an MPC buyback, that intrinsic value assumes the discounted cash flows, as I just shared. There are several constraints as we look at that that we evaluate each time we go to buy back stock, none the least of which obviously is market, cash flows, where we think the quarter is going to be, where we think our cash balances are. And we’ve worked pretty diligently to try to outperform the market here. Hopefully, you’ve seen that over the significance of the buyback that we’ve done. But we do look at it in a holistic approach. Let me pass that back to Mike and see if he wants to add any color.
Maryann Mannen: Hey John, it’s Maryann. So, a couple of things. Yes, you’re absolutely right. As you see, we said a little over $13 billion at the end of the quarter, and again, just keeping in mind, about $1 billion of that belongs to MPLX. And then obviously, there is some working capital sensitivity as we have timing of our liability payments. We would expect to see a bit of that unwind as normal. We’ll see some of that happen in the fourth quarter and then again in the first quarter. Having said that, your point is accurate. We’ve said we’re quite comfortable with $1 billion on our balance sheet. The nice part about having the cash on the balance sheet today versus if we were sitting here a year ago is we’re generating close to $0.5 billion in interest income as we’re holding on to that cash. Certainly, when we are looking at the amount of share buyback that we want to do in any particular period of time, and I think Mike articulated it as well, we’re looking at several factors. The fact that we’ve got cash on the balance sheet to allow us to take advantage of volatility, I think, is a plus. We remain committed to share repurchase and the return of capital. We’ve got some priorities, obviously, safe and reliable operation of our assets gets it first. We’re committed to our dividend, as we just shared with you. And we’re looking for opportunities to put that capital to work in order to be able to grow the business and particularly earn the types of returns that you all expect. And we continue to see share buyback as an efficient return of capital. So again, we’ll look at all factors as we head into any particular quarter and try to be as opportunistic as we can and be sure that we are doing our best to beat the market and taking advantage of the volatility where we can.
Maryann Mannen: Hey John, Maryann again. So in general, notwithstanding the impact of COVID, if you look over an average period of time, our turnaround is pretty similar. We’re operating 13 refineries, fossil fuel and two renewable diesel. And at every point in time, there is some level of turnaround. You’re absolutely right. One of the things that we did, notwithstanding the unplanned downtime on the reformer is pull forward some turnaround that we expected to do in our 2024 plans into 2023. But again, absent the period of COVID, you can see the level of turnaround being pretty similar watching those. In the fourth quarter also, you may have noticed in our guidance, West Coast utilization, we do have turnaround activity there. We’ve got two locations in LAR. We are trying to get those turnarounds done ahead of the driving season next year, just as an example, if you’re looking at activity in the fourth quarter as well. I’ll pause there.
Maryann Mannen: Jason, it’s Maryann. The only thing that I would add to Mike’s comments are the dividend is only one part, as you said, of the capital allocation strategy. But having said that, we think this increase is peer leading at 12% CAGR over the last five years. So, we hope you see it that as well.
Maryann Mannen: Hey Matthew, it’s Maryann. Yes, I think it’s hard for us to project capture. But when you talk about the things you did, obviously, as we shared, the reformer we expect will begin to come back up mid-November, our guidance reflects the fact that it will be operational at planned rates mid-December. We talked about some secondary headwinds. We talked about marketing margins changing. You heard Brian talk about that as well. Those things clearly have a positive influence on capture. But as you know, it’s difficult to predict where capture would otherwise go. But certainly, those things point to improving capture from the third quarter.
Brian Partee: So really, our theme on demand, both domestically and internationally is stable and steady. It’s been that way really throughout the year. In the quarter, we exported roughly 250,000 barrels a day out of our system in the Gulf Coast, despite some operational challenges, as noted. About two-thirds of that is distillate, the balance of course is gasoline. The demand center in Latin America and the Caribbean really has been strong and resilient and growing throughout the year. They import roughly 2.3 million barrels a day into the system. The U.S. has been about 65% of that. We have come off a little bit in terms of our share into Latin America and the Caribbean in exchange for share into Europe. So, we are seeing growth in European imports as you’ve probably seen as well, roughly 200,000 barrels a day in the quarter from the U.S. into Europe. The one cautionary tale there, it is the one weakest spot that we see throughout our network, which is distillate demand in Europe. Our team sees it as roughly 4% to 6% off year-to-year with expectations and a bit of hope that as we get into the colder weather season here later this year, we’ll see a pickup in demand in Europe, but that is the one soft spot that we’re seeing.
Brian Partee: Yes. Paul, good morning. This is Brian. I’ll take that one. Really very limited impact in the quarter from our marketing business on the West Coast. We actually saw prices increase pretty substantially on the West Coast in the quarter due to some unplanned outages in the system. And when that occurs, we actually see just the opposite. We see a lot of pressure on the margin out in the West Coast and other markets. So, not a big contributor there in the quarter. Now, as we look ahead to 4Q, as market comes off, we would expect to see some recovery and some margin expansion in the fourth quarter. But to your other question, we are absolutely actively engaged in growing and continuing to grow that network. We’ve put up really good numbers last year and this year and look at it as a strategic component of our position out in the West Coast.
Brian Partee: Really don’t want to forecast a station growth expectation, Paul. We’re really focused on value growth. So it’s really it’s a PV optimization looking at volume and margin, so it’s not driven by station growth or volume alone.
Dave Heppner: So, I appreciate the question. We anticipated that. And Mike said in the past, we like to and do look at everything out there as a general comment. But I think we’re more focused currently on -- and Rick touched on this a little bit on opportunities to build out our competencies and increase our competitive advantages along our existing refinery value chains. And when we say that, that’s inclusive of MPC and MPLX, so from wellhead to wheel is the way to think about it. So, with that said and on the current environment, we believe that M&A within refining, refining M&A is one of the more challenging ways to create value. And with all that said, I would not anticipate us, or you shouldn’t anticipate us participating in the current auction process for the Citgo assets. I don’t know where the rumor came from, but we’re not interested in the auction process.
Dave Heppner: Yes. Jason, this is Dave. I’ll touch on that. So start with high level. Number one, there are 7 hubs that were approved for fund from the DOE for $7 billion. We mean MPC/MPLX, we’re involved in two of them. So, one in Appalachia and one in the Heartland area. So when we think about the involvement of MPC and MPLX, they’re a little bit different. On the MPLX side, it’s more around story of hydrogen and transportation of CO2 on pipelines. From an MPC perspective, it is inclusive of lowering the carbon intensity via hydrogen production. And when you think about it in the Heartland area, due to the location of it’s very -- the proximity very close to our Dickinson renewable diesel facility. So of course, anytime you can lower the CI of the base product you’re making from renewable diesel, you can get that pull-through value of that asset that we already invested in. So, the best way to think about it, like we do everything, these are bolt-on type investments that can create value up and down the value chains.
Dave Heppner: Yes. So that’s great. So, we are -- while this DOE funding was a major milestone for all of us that got granted, some funding from this, it’s in the very early stages. So, to think about it, next phase of this is a negotiation with the DOE on the funding and the contractual commitments around that funding requirement, then you’ve got to design and build the facility. So, from a capital spend and an associated benefit to the company, I think you’re looking into late 2024, 2025 time frame. So, it’s still a ways out there.
Dave Heppner: Yes. Theresa, this is Dave again. I’ll touch on that. So yes, the LF Bioenergy investment, that joint venture is progressing as we planned. We are building out the facilities. The plan is to build out 13 of those RNG facilities collecting a very low CI dairy RNG and then monetizing that, again, as I touched on a little bit with the hydrogen hub taking that RNG into our renewable diesel facilities such as Dickinson and Martinez, will lower the CI of that base renewable diesel product coming out. So relative to the relationship and the investment, we’re very happy with the investment, the management team there, the projects we’ve -- that they’re identifying, they’ve got a good runway of portfolio projects and they’re coming on line as planned. And the second part of your question, is this a one-off or a foundation for subsequent investments in renewable diesel space or the renewable natural gas space. So, we continue, as I said earlier, we look at a lot of stuff. There are some opportunities out there. But we -- the key to this one was we got in early and didn’t overpay for a built-out system. So when we think of subsequent investments, I think of them that way. If there’s one that we can step in early and participate in the build-out of the infrastructure and integrate it with our business rather than paying for a built-out system, we’ll continue to evaluate those opportunities.
Dave Heppner: Yes, Matthew, this is Dave again. So yes, there is no question both from a Dickinson and Martinez, both those have the opportunity to convert to SAF. And HEFA SAF is one of the most cost competitive on a CapEx per barrel basis for SAF production. With that said, the challenge in SAF is the premium associated to justify the investment. And while the IRA has been communicated, there’s a lot of unknowns out there and a lot of clarity that still needs to be determined relative to the IRA, not only from the sliding scale and the CI benefit of it, but also the long-term duration. Right now, it ends in 2027, as far as the documented incentives relative to that. So it’s hard to make multi-hundred million dollar investments without that clarity going forward. So lack of clarity and lack of premium from airline industry makes it very difficult to justify those investments at this time.
