Gary R. Heminger: Yes. We've -- I think pretty well exhausted the work on that question. We're still waiting on a well opinion, but we've become comfortable that we do not need a PLR from the IRS now going forward. Tim, you have anything else to add to that.
Gary R. Heminger: Not really, Brad, in fact, I look at late summer and the third quarter has been pretty close to being equal. But anyway, this is not just a simple question on – I've had a lot of questions on the IRS, the PLR, if that's the gating item. The analysis goes much, much deeper than the IRS question and the supply agreement. We continue to make a very good progress and very detailed analysis, but you have to have a vision where, how the company can compete and what its balance sheet would look like with further steps down the road. So we're being very methodical in our review and we believe that combined with our board strategic session in September, really will be the combination of that analysis and we'll report then.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, let me first ask Mike to comment on what he sees as far as the flow of crude from Venezuela and then I'll comment on the sanctions question.
Gary R. Heminger: And this is very hard, Chi, for us to comment on whether or not the government might put sanctions on Venezuela; I don't want to speculate on that. I'll just share that it appears to us that there's tremendous upset and turmoil in the country. We're concerned about the overall heavy supply. And when you look at the macro in the world, the global supply demand balance and the rapid retreat of inventory here from the first quarter to the second quarter, it appears as though there's going to continue to be some swings of where this crude ends up – its final destination is in the world. So if there were sanctions by the U.S., I think clearly this crude is going to find the home in other parts of the world, and probably some other heavy crudes would make its way back into the U.S., but more than likely they would be a little more expensive in doing so. But I don't want to speculate on sanctions of Venezuela.
Gary R. Heminger: It may not be the case, I mean, it's taking back the last two years we saw very little heavy crude coming out of Middle East into the U.S. and some of that is changing here recently as different grades are being made available to into different parts of the world. So it's – their crude will find a home, if there is – if there are sanctions put on them, it will find a home. And I would say if there is any change in the spreads, it is probably going to be short-lived.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes. We don't want to get in Chi into any commitments if any that we are going to make on Laurel at this time. We think it makes a tremendous sense to reverse that pipeline and to head east, but at this time we can't speak to any commitments.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, Doug. I understand your question very clearly, but I'm going to leave the answer to that to – in September, when we finish the work and we will announce to the market, we will call a meeting and announce to the market what our decision is. But it's too early to provide any direction either way. We've been very clear in all the presentations we've made, all the investor presentations that this is a very fulsome review. And when we make that decision, we don't want any investor to lean one way or the other. And I certainly am not going to provide any direction one way or the other until we finish up. As I said, we continue to meet with the special committee, they've asked us for some more work to complete that analysis. And we feel very comfortable here at late summer that we'll have that work done and we'll provide our conclusion.
Gary R. Heminger: Spiro, I'd look at gasoline, I'm glad you asked the question, because I want to get this comment out. If you look at bulk light products gasoline and distillate days of supply, we are now very comfortably within the five-year average, and in both coming close to the low end of the five-year average. And if you look at it globally, the refined products globally are pretty much at the lower end of the five-year average. Whereas in crude, you've seen a tremendous drop first quarter to second quarter, 50 million-barrel drop in crude, and we expect that to continue. We have pretty good optics of where the crude market is going over the next 60 days to 90 days, and we're expecting to continue to see those inventories drop. As those inventories drop on the crude side, I think it's also going to affect the make on the refined products side. The key I think refined product to watch is the distillate days of supply. As we come into the third quarter, the distillate days of supply last year were very high in the industry, and we are at one of the lower tranches of inventory right now, and I think that is going to bolster both distillate and should drag gasoline along with it, albeit gasoline is at pretty close to the low end of the five-year average as well. So, as Ray said, every day we make that decision every day on whether we maximize gasoline, maximize distillate. We can move in the range of about 8% has generally been our history, one product to the other, and we'll just see where inventories by region stand. And the other thing, the question I had earlier on Venezuela and exports, the gasoline export market continues to pick up, which is helping the gasoline inventory as we export it into other regions of the world; and all those things we take into discussion when we go forward.
Gary R. Heminger: Yeah. Where we're positioned in our Galveston Bay refinery, it gives us a great position to be able to supply the new market that is very positive of course as the supply into Mexico. We do not have any logistics advantage to the western side of the country of Mexico, but we certainly do coming in from the Gulf side. Yes, we are looking at should we get into the wholesale distribution, and whether or not we should even take some of our retail marks down into Mexico, we're considering that very strongly. And as we go forward right now, we think our best investment has been to export into the Gulf side of Mexico, and we've been very successful in doing that. And the margins that we've been able to pick up certainly have been a benefit to the other areas in the world where we sell our product.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, LOOP, if you go south to north, that is the main artery that feeds Capline, and it makes a lot of sense long term to be able to reverse Capline and be able to take other cruise down into, down to LOOP and possibly for export down the road. I think before you look at export, if you'd ever reverse Capline, the first thing that we do, we'll supply the Eastern Gulf refineries from Capline, if you would ever reverse it, that would be the first and most important thing to us. If you look at what LOOP is considering, basically, it's a very low investment to be able to reverse that pipeline, a few valves, and a few incremental attachments to the buoys to import hoses to be able to put export facilities on the buoys to be able to end up loaded ships. But I don't see anything at this time as far as incremental pipelines other than the possibilities someday to reverse Capline.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, if we were to spin-off Speedway, the RemainCo would be refining in midstream and refining would still have to have turnaround on maintenance cost and that would be definitely within the refining side of the business.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah. No. I think that's right, Neil. I think the only other comment is just that the new treasury regulations, which we've been through pretty extensively and with outside counsel all suggested that, our structure works as Gary said, with the caveat that those regulations don't go effective until January 1, 2018. But as Gary said, our comfort level is high that the structure we have contemplated is going to work in all the qualifying income for the partnership.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, Neil, the – we've tried to provide a little bit more color with regard to what the impacts have been in an actual space, so I think trying to get into a forecasting or predictive mode with regard to what we're going to see on product price realizations is very difficult, depending on the markets. As we highlighted here for second quarter, big driver was non-transportation fuels in terms of the product realizations and on the crude side, again some higher crude costs than what we see in the benchmark, but I'm not sure we can give any clear guidance as to exactly what will impact that on a going-forward basis.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, I think both developments would be certainly important to how we think about capitalization and the amount of leverage and liquidity that the business needs to maintain. We've certainly been actively involved in the planning around what things will look like sort of pro forma for all the drops, the amount of leverage that MPC would sustain. And we've talked about, I mentioned even as part of my remarks that we really view the capital structures independently and think that the consolidated metrics become less useful, but that becomes very important as the drop-downs play out and obviously a lot of earnings move over to the partnership, which is going to be more leverage. So, there is undoubtedly consideration of what the capital structure looks like with regard to the drop themselves. On the Speedway considerations, as Gary said, there is a multitude of considerations on not only what a spun entity looks like, what the remaining MPC would like, and it's hard to imagine that if there were some separation there that there wouldn't be some adjustment to the amount of leverage that MPC would sustain. But that is very clearly part of the overall analysis and assessment that's going on. I can't tell you exactly where we would target it, but I think it's pretty clear that the amount of leverage that the business without Speedway would be lower than what we could sustain in its current configuration.
Timothy T. Griffith: Again, not at this time. I think, as Gary said, as the special committee completes its work, makes its recommendation to the Board, to the extent that it's helpful for people to understand how we thought about it, we will share any and all thoughts about what things could look like. But I don't think there is anything at this point that I think would be particularly instructive.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, Paul. Again, and I think this is comparable to the question that Neil had asked on sort of other gross margin and product price realizations. Again, also in the second quarter from – on a sequential basis we are about flat. I don't know that there's anything unique around realizations or effective capture in second quarter that we'd highlight necessarily. So at the same time, I'm not sure I want to call it a normalized quarter either. But nothing I think that we would call out specifically that is an unusual item that occurred in the second quarter that we would not expect on a run rate basis.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, Phil, we'll have Tony answer the merchandise. Just let me say while we are down 2% here in this month, what you have to set back and look at is, Speedway and mainly the markets in which they operate, they are the leader in the market. We've had an upswing in product cost, because of the increase in food cost, therefore it's our responsibility to get that price to the market you know and they lead the market to be able to try to recover those incremental cost. So in terms of a rapid increase in food prices, which we have seen over the last few weeks, you know, you're going to see an immediate response of the street, as we try to move that cost to the street. But you know once things equalize that volume comes back to us, because we clearly are the consumer's choice, first choice to buy our products in a normal market. But let me have Tony talk about merchandise and the merchandise margins.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah. Phil, I mean, certainly for the $1.2 billion that's been bought back so far this year, I mean you can sort of draw the line between that and the after-tax proceeds from the drop. So, I think dropdowns will continue, as it has been the case for since we spun the company, we are always looking at what the liquidity position of the company is, and again to the extent that we've got cash flow beyond the needs to support the investment and working capital and short-term needs of the business, our first inclination is to return in the form of share purchase. So share purchase will continue, they will flex and flow based on the needs of the business at the time, but you will expect to see more, and the pace will adjust as we go forward.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah. In think in the current configuration, we're about where we think is appropriate given our desire to maintain investment grade credit profile. So we're -- it's I think we're within the ballpark of where we think an appropriate leverage should be for how we sit today.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, Doug. We are – I mean, this is again part of the information that is important in terms of the overall assessment. So we are in the process, we've had some information request back and forth. And again that will be a component of the overall assessment, the nature of the relationship, they could be maintained between the entities and certainly an important part that we want to understand what the book ends are. So we'll continue to do that process, and the feedback learned, and garnered from that process will help to inform the view. But again, as Gary mentioned earlier, that's not the hinge points, that's an important consideration for sure, but there is multitude of factors that going to the assessment. But we are in a process to answer the question, and an active process of that, again there is we've had information sharing and request back and forth, and that will become part of the overall analysis and set made as the special committee completes its work and makes its recommendation to the full board.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, Faisel, we actually did and we announced in May that we had gotten additional $3 billion reauthorized from the board, so we're well over $4 billion of board authorization to do buybacks. And again, that was done, we shared this at the time that we announced it really to just enable us to execute the plan that's been laid out without need of going back to the board. So we've got all the capacity we need there.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, Justin, clearly, we're going to reevaluate dividend policy relative to all of the cash flows that would be available to MPC at any point in time. So I mean, upon completion of the GP economic interest sale to MPLX and the take back of units, you're looking at an LP distribution stream back in MPC that is clearly going to factor into our thinking around sustainable growth to the MPC-based dividend. So that, I think the quick answer to your question is, it is undeniably going to be part of our overall assessment and we'll take a look at that at the appropriate time.
C. Michael Palmer: Yeah, Neil. I guess what I would say on that is obviously we've talked about this narrowing sweet/sour differential, if you watch the LLS March spread, that it's been coming together for some months now. And I think in the short term that we would expect to see – to continue to see the sweet/sour differential narrow. But on the other side, I think that we do believe that rebalancing is occurring already, and as that does occur, I think we are going to see more foreign sour come back into the market, which again will allow the sweet/sour to widen. The other thing I would say is that, if you've been watching the Canadian heavy closely, the Canadian heavy was impacted a little earlier by planned maintenance, unplanned maintenance in the fields. It was also impacted by the Syncrude plant that had a fire that reduced the amount of synthetic available for blending, and it hurt the synthetic. But as we look forward toward the end of the year, or perhaps early in 2018, there is additional heavy production coming online of the Four Hills project. So we think there will be additional heavy Canadian that will help the spreads as well. So a little longer term, we're pretty constructive on the sweet/sour spreads.
C. Michael Palmer: Yeah, yes, Brad. It has got some trade press of late. And certainly, from an export standpoint, LOOP does have a unique opportunity and that there are a deepwater port, they've got plenty of storage. They have relatively low investment to allow exports to actually occur, so they are very interested in moving forward with that. You know, MPC is the shipper, I guess the one thing that we would say is that we recognize the opportunity. The one thing that we're – that we want to watch is that again the primary responsibility of LOOP is to be an import facility and that's extremely important for us in our refineries. So while we see this opportunity, what we want to do is, we want to work with LOOP to make sure that there is no conflict between its responsibility as an import facility and one as an export facility.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, Chi. So, obviously the Venezuelan crude coming into the Gulf Coast is important. We participate in that; we certainly buy heavy spot cargos from Venezuela during most months. So, yeah, if that crude was no longer available because of sanctions then we would have to replace that crude from somewhere else. And while we've had no difficulty replacing the crude that we've lost, that OPEC has cut, again, as we pointed out, I mean the sour crude there's not as much coming into the Gulf as there had been prior to the OPEC cuts, so it would not be favorable.
C. Michael Palmer: Yeah. I think the number that we mentioned, Faisel, was the 313,000 barrels a day of total exports. And, yeah, we continue to see very robust demand for both gasoline and for diesel fuel. Latin America tends to be the biggest market for us; that's where the gasoline goes. Mexico, as Gary had mentioned early, Mexico has been buying a lot of gasoline. In fact, they had a refinery problem that even increased the volume that they needed to bring in. But we've also been successful in exporting diesel fuel to Europe. And many times this is on larger ships that gives them a bit of an advantage. So, yeah, the export market continues to be very robust.
