Timothy T. Griffith: Okay, thank you, Vivian. Welcome this morning to Marathon Petroleum's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Webcast and Conference Call. The synchronized slides that accompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investor Center tab. On the call today are Gary Heminger, President and CEO; Don Templin, Senior Vice President and CFO; Mike Palmer, Senior Vice President of Supply, Distribution and Planning; Pam Beall, Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning and Government and Public Affairs; and Tony Kenney, President of Speedway. We invite you to read the Safe Harbor statements on Slide 2. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well, as in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Gary Heminger for opening remarks and highlights.
Timothy T. Griffith: Thanks, Don. As we open up the call for questions, we ask that you limit yourself to one question plus a follow-up. [Operator Instructions] With that Vivian, we're prepared to open up the call for questions.
Timothy T. Griffith: Okay. Thank you, Vivian. Well, we want to thank everyone for joining us on the call today and your continued interest in Marathon Petroleum Corporation. If there are additional questions or if you would like clarifications on any of the topics discussed this morning, Gary [ph], and will be available for questions. Thank you for joining us.
Donald C. Templin: Sure, Ed. We haven't given specific drop-down guidance. I guess, what we are showing here is that over that time period, we would expect to grow the LP distributions by an average compounded annual growth rate of 25% and as we showed in the slide deck, that has an even more powerful impact on the GP distributions through our IDR ownerships or our IDR cash flows. But we've not given a specific guidance on individual drop-downs or the timing of those.
Donald C. Templin: Sure. The $1.7 billion, Ed, reflects the $800 million that we had originally pointed to at the time of the IPO of MPLX. So it would have included pipeline holdings as well, but there have been some additions there. Then there's been about $300 million of growth projects that we've identified and elaborated on over a period of time and that would include the investments in Sandpiper, Southern Access Extension, the condensate splitters. That broadly adds another $300 million. And then the fuels distribution is really incremental to that. For this purposes, we value that at approximately $600 million, which is 20 billion gallons at a $0.03 average.
Donald C. Templin: I mean those are MLP-qualifying EBIT. Those -- that's MLP-qualifying EBITDA. And it's -- our view that we want to continue to drive value for the MPC shareholders by making sure that we're maximizing that, which can be dropped into an MLP.
Donald C. Templin: Sure. Doug, at the end of the third quarter, we had about $6.3 billion of debt and the increases of debt during the quarter were primarily in 2 areas. We had $700 million term loan and then we issued $1.95 billion of senior notes. So the transaction was largely funded with debt, but we also had available cash that we used.
Donald C. Templin: Sure. Evan, I think that we will continue to view the cash that would come back to us from both the drops and the distributions and the ownership of the LP units similar to how we do it now. I mean we are and have been very committed to achieving a balance between investing in the business and returning capital to our shareholders. And we would expect that, that will certainly continue. One of the things that is nice about having these drops is that you will generate cash that can continue to be redeployed in the increased growth and build-out of the midstream infrastructure. And while we would like, to the maximum extent possible, have projects funded initially from MPLX, there may be times, or will be times when a project may be bigger or the timeline over the cash profile might be longer than we can -- that makes sense for us to have at an MPLX initially. And we'll use that cash to invest in midstream, hold it at MPC until it is MLP-ready and then drop it in. So I view this as being a continual cycle here of getting cash that we can return to our shareholders, but also getting cash that we can continue to invest in the midstream and infrastructure build-out.
Donald C. Templin: I think we will, for every drop that occurs Evan, we will certainly evaluate the tax implications of those. And we will, I think, continually balance making sure that we're doing them in the most tax efficient way with also making sure that we're meeting the business needs of MPC and MPLX. And if there's a need for cash, either to return it to shareholders or to invest in the business, we're more likely to take cash. If there is an opportunity to do something in a tax-efficient way, we might end up taking back units or more units. So I think it will be a fact and circumstance-driven decision versus sort of a philosophical or a policy around how everyone is going to occur.
Donald C. Templin: Well, I think the way we would look at the balance sheet, Paul, is by making sure that we have a good balance between issuing equity and maintaining a debt profile that we want to be investment grade. And so the way we think about investment grade profile would be to have a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of probably somewhere, managing to somewhere, no more than sort of 4x. So that's -- that is how we will look at and evaluate opportunities. And in a growing environment, when MPLX is growing quickly, our view around that 4x debt-to-EBITDA would be on sort of the last quarter annualized or a run rate EBITDA versus the last 12 months, just because you don't want to get yourself into a situation where you're getting -- you're incurring debt sort of at an acquisition date, but not giving any benefit for that EBITDA. So when I say 4x, it's really around a run rate EBITDA number. And we feel comfortable doing that because we believe that when something finds its way into MPLX, it is a revenue stream that's largely certain. And there won't be a lot of -- there's not a lot of volatility around commodity risk or something like that.
Donald C. Templin: So long-term debt is 6., just under $6.3 billion. The excess of fair value over book value for inventory is $5 billion, and working capital is $2.5 billion.
Donald C. Templin: So Brad, this is Don. When we did the modeling there, that is a projected EBITDA growth rate. And that was a projected EBITDA growth rate or distribution growth rate that we can easily support with the portfolio of assets that we currently have. Now that doesn't mean that we're -- in fact, we're very focused on growing organic projects, identifying the next big opportunity, identifying potentials for M&A that might make sense and be strategic to us, but we're very comfortable that we can support the growth rate that we've identified there solely with assets that exist at MPC. But knowing that we will certainly, over time, grow MPLX in other ways and that would be through organic means and through M&A.
Donald C. Templin: Yes. So currently we haven't indicated actual EBITDA from those types of assets, but the EBITDA from Capline right now would be not a significant number. And so to the extent there was a reversal and it was more fully utilized, I'm assuming that there would be incremental EBITDA that could accrue from that. But in terms of the numbers that we're showing here, there's a lot of other contributors that are probably more meaningful to that EBITDA number, Brad.
Donald C. Templin: And Paul, this is Don. The actual volumes were 299,000 barrels per day for the third quarter for exports. About 2/3 of that was distillate. The remainder was predominantly gasoline.
Donald C. Templin: Doug, I wasn't exactly sure I understood what your question was around the sort of the impact on refining.
Donald C. Templin: Yes, so in terms of the EBITDA, clearly, that is embedded now within MPC on a consolidated basis. I mean one of the things that ends up happening is that, if you drop those assets down, you get paid a reasonable multiple already for those assets. And then at MPC, we continue to participate in a portion of that EBITDA stream, just based upon our LP ownership. So our view around the kind of a drop-off in EBITDA or the cost transfer, I guess that you're speaking with, is that it, it is not that significant. We get proceeds back to MPC, we will evaluate how to deploy those proceeds. And sometimes they may end up getting deployed into capital projects at refining that continue to grow the refining EBITDA. A good example, would be, as we continue to consider the ROUX project. So to me, I think this is all about a growth story rather than a story where we're just moving EBITDA from sort of one legal entity to another legal entity. This is about an opportunity to grow MPC and MPLX to be able to take advantage of the capital markets in order to be able to grow both our midstream, but the rest of our business.
Donald C. Templin: Yes. We did not -- the absolute in other gross margin for the quarter -- just 1 second here. It's -- the absolute is $501 million, which was on our appendix, Slide 26.
Donald C. Templin: It's a combination of a number of things would be in there. That includes our product price realizations, it includes refinery gain, it includes our purchase for resale activity. We have not given any color on sort of the individual components.
Donald C. Templin: The $1.7 billion is the original $800 million plus $300 million of projects, which would be SAX, Sandpiper, Condensate Splitters and what not. And then the $600 million of fuel distribution.
Donald C. Templin: Phil, our expectation is that we would continue to -- we're committed to maintaining an investment grade credit profile. So we would maintain -- would not go past a leverage model that would put pressure on that, but we're very comfortable with where our balance sheet is currently on a leverage basis. And we think it has allowed us to access some attractively priced capital.
Donald C. Templin: The calculation is truly a volume times $0.03 per gallon. So we're primarily focused in that analysis on -- or that estimation on refinery to rack volumes. It does not include anything that would be incremental to that. So it's 20 billion gallons times $0.03. With respect to sort of plans for how it gets dropped, when it gets dropped, we are going to get continue to evaluate the timing and what makes sense. And I guess, our view is, it's just increased our portfolio of opportunity. The opportunity set is now bigger and gives us even more confidence in our ability to really grow MPLX, so that we can participate in this midstream infrastructure build-out.
Donald C. Templin: As Roger, I guess, what I would say is both the second quarter and this quarter, the comparable periods last year included some noise around sort of the RIN impact on the market. You'll recall that we use market indicators that start with the 6-3-2-1 crack and we try to build to it. One of the reasons that we wanted to show and have been showing a sequential walk is to maybe give a little bit of color or maybe the absence of a really big green bar or change quarter-to-quarter would suggest that maybe the unusual circumstances existed last year as opposed to the unusual circumstances existing this year.
Donald C. Templin: That might be -- I have not done that, but that might be another way to do it. We are also growing our portfolio and our sort of reach every year as well. But I think '13 was a little bit abnormal, and so that's why you're seeing maybe the big differences.
Gary R. Heminger: Ed, let me add to that. Our strategy was MPLX. And our whole midstream system is that, just like a production company looks at reserves, we want to keep a very strong reserve base of eligible assets that can be dropped into an MLP. But secondly, we plan to continue to have very strong organic growth from projects inside the company, very strong third-party growth as we continue to invest in the projects like Cornerstone that we've talked about. And then we've geared up and have been very active looking at projects in and around some of the production fields and other gathering type systems that could make sense to be bolt-ons to our system. So we're not just going to be limited. This is not a drop-down story, this is going to be an aggressive growth strategy. Yes, we see this -- the MLP business continues to consolidate.
Gary R. Heminger: Doug, just to let you know. We've been managing these for all of 30 days now. But what Tony and his team have learned is the administrative synergies that we have identified and some procurement type synergies, not getting into the marketing synergies that we expect due to the incremental merchandise sales. So just those that we identified, we're way ahead of what our first-year plan was and being able to capture synergies. So we've already identified significantly more than we had expected to achieve in the first year. So very pleased with how the transition has gone and how we're really starting up the operation.
Gary R. Heminger: If you really look at this, this is just an announcement of a preliminary study. If you look at the Louisiana side of the refining sector, refining corridor in the Louisiana or Gulf Coast, you do not have an efficient manner to be able to get heavy crude down there. The Houston side of the Gulf is in great shape on pipelines. And we expect keystone will eventually be approved and we'll even be in better shape. So therefore, it opens itself the question, why not improve the logistics to the Gulf Coast. So this isn't a study to look at just Chicago. You look at the volumes that go south to north, and we were always going to need a good supply source from south to north to be able to feed the PADD II refineries. So this is a study to determine long term, does it makes sense to look at Capline in a different type of operation than it is today. And all of the things that you mentioned are on the table as we do this very detailed analysis.
Gary R. Heminger: Right. Brad, the last part is it's too early to be able to put a forecast, but heavy crude from the Canadian region was available. There's substantial demand in the Louisiana refining corridor. Most of those refineries from Baton Rouge through Garyville and on are heavy refineries. So I think there could be a lot of volume that, that can go that direction someday. So we don't have any pro formas on what that is yet, but I think it could be a significant value.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes. Paul. We have not discussed that yet. We will -- our plan that we've always been on schedule with is to make that decision sometime around end of the year to the first part of next year. We're just wrapping up our front-end engineering and design work that then drives all of the capital investment type final numbers. So we won't make that decision again until the end of the year. If we were to go forward, the in 2015, the capital would not be that significant in 2015 because it takes a -- we would finish up the detailed design and engineering and start some of the land excavation work and piling it in 2015 and '16. So really the bigger part of that CapEx will not come for a couple of years yet.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, I'm not close enough to OPEC to be able to give you a good answer on that. But the discussions so far, they've been very clear that they're not going to cut production this time. When you look though, a lot of analysis has been put out on countries such as OPEC. It would suggest that the majority of the countries need a higher price than is in the marketplace today in order to be able to support the budgets that they have. So I see -- I expect that the market's going to be continue to be volatile on the front end here. But based on lot of the discussion that's been going on, I would be surprised to see that there would be a change in the direction that has been stated so far.
Gary R. Heminger: Ryan, it's just way too early to look at that, including in the study. First of all, they're going to do a market study, supply demand study. Then if it would point towards -- let's look at from an engineering standpoint, what it would take. We've already done some work, but a lot of hydraulic analysis work needs to be complete. So we're not far enough yet that I can give you a good timeframe.
Gary R. Heminger: Right. There are 3 owners BP, Planes and Marathon. And in order to be able to make a change of service, like this study is going to be done, it takes all 3 to approve such change.
Gary R. Heminger: Roger, it's too early to -- and we don't comment on M&A activity, but what I said in my script was, we expect to be a very big player in the -- for the development of the North America oil and gas transformation and renaissance. So and that includes all liquids, not just oil and refined products, but also the natural gas and LPG markets. So we have the capacity, it's from an operating and engineering standpoint, to operate in all of those different businesses. So we plan on being right on the forefront of that development.
Anthony R. Kenney: As far as the opportunity with the assets, what we see and you correctly pointed out, Doug, the difference in the EBITDA between the Speedway assets and the Hess assets, all of that is due to the difference in the performance inside the store. So from a light product perspective, Hess had always performed well on the volume and the margin outside. So the opportunity really is upgrading or enhancing the performance inside the store. And what really comes into play there is some of the elements that we bring in terms of some of our merchandising, and specifically, the loyalty program that we've had in place for over 10 years on the Speedway side. So we think while leveraging some opportunities in food service, general merchandise, in combination with partnerships with our key suppliers and consumer product companies, with our loyalty program is going to give us an opportunity to leverage the traditional Speedway performance into the Hess assets. So I think that's where the upside is. And along with that, we'll generate a number of synergies on those marketing enhancements.
Anthony R. Kenney: Paul on the enhancements, I think what I would say is that with the synergies, and the synergies will cut across both the existing Speedway assets as well as the Hess assets, will enjoy some uplift in our gross margin inside the store from realizing those synergies. I don't have a specific number on that. We know what we've said publicly in terms of all of the marketing synergies in the deal. Year 3 run rate is $70 million in total, but I can't give you a split between how much of that is on the Speedway side and the existing Hess assets.
Anthony R. Kenney: Paul, I don't have that number. I've really not done any work around that. We're really just now beginning to integrate the 2 financial systems to understand exactly what that would look like, but that's all I could say about that now.
Anthony R. Kenney: As far as the integration, that's our #1 focus. But backing up from there, let me just say this, what was important was, as we transferred ownership and operations from Hess to Speedway, the most important thing was making sure there was no impact to the customer, and I think we have accomplished that. So as we move forward from there, then as day 2 and beyond progresses, we're looking to be able to integrate both the Hess and Speedway operations to take advantage of the synergies that are available there and the capital that we'll spend this year, as far as new store openings, we did have an organic growth plan in the base Speedway business and we're continuing to execute on that. We're probably going to complete approximately 60 new store or rebuild openings this year. So we're balancing the focus on both the existing or the base Speedway business as well as the integration, the reidentification and then eventually some remodeling of some of the Hess assets to bring the entire chain together under a common brand.
Anthony R. Kenney: We don't comment on what we may or may not want to do in that arena. I think it's going to be opportunistic. We'll look at things, but beyond that, probably don't have much I can add to that.
Paul I. Sankey: Did you talk about the Garyville hydrocracker expansion? I guess we were wondering whether there would be a decision on that this year and if the CapEx would then be starting next year.
Paul I. Sankey: Understood Gary. Gary, on global oil markets, do you expect OPEC to cut production in the November meeting.
Paul I. Sankey: Thanks. And then finally, the bigger issue is demand. We just heard Tom O'Malley saying he thought that yesterday's draws in inventories of products were extraordinary bullish for refiners. Can you -- it seems that the distillates market may be a lot stronger than people realize globally. Would that be -- would you agree with that? Could you also, just talk about you -- I would ask you this, firstly about your exports distillates and gasoline; and secondly, about the demand that you're seeing across your networks.
