Michael Hennigan: Thanks, Kristina. Good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, our operational activity was driven by strong market demand for transportation fuels we manufacture. Demand remains resilient, largely driven by the removal of globally imposed mobility restrictions and the pent-up desire to travel.  Jet fuel demand continued its recovery, up nearly 20% from the same quarter last year, with the increased resumption of travel. Gasoline demand remained very resilient through the quarter in part due to the start of the summer driving season. Diesel demand after a strong beginning to the year, softened a bit in the second quarter due to lower trucking volumes.  During the second quarter, in order to meet robust customer demand, we ran our refining system at full utilization. We optimized our system to provide as much transportation fuel to the market as possible. Commercially, we optimized around our scale, footprint and feedstock slate to meet this customer demand.  This resulted in an adjusted EBITDA of $9.1 billion as we saw crack spreads this quarter respond to uncertainty in the product markets, driven by the potential for sanction impacts on top of an already tight supply and related inventory levels.  Maryann will walk you through the details of our results. But looking forward, we expect tight supply, low inventory levels and strong global demand to continue to incentivize high refining runs into the third quarter. We will continue to execute on what we can control running a safe, reliable, low-cost system, improving our commercial performance and strengthening the competitive performance of our assets.  On capital allocation, we remain committed to the 4 priorities we previously outlined. First, we're going to take care of our assets by deploying maintenance capital. We want to ensure we can safely operate our assets protect the health and safety of our employees and support the communities in which we operate.  Second, we're committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. And as we've stated in the past, once we complete the $15 billion capital return program that resulted from the Speedway sale, we will reassess the level of our dividend.  Third, we see this as a return on as well as the return of capital business. As we enter the second half of the year, our capital spending outlook remains on track.  We continue to progress our Martinez renewable fuels facility with the first phase of the facility currently targeted to be mechanically complete by year-end. Once completed, the facility is expected to be capable of bringing nearly 50,000 barrels a day of renewable diesel supply into the market.  We also expect to be able to close our JV with Neste in the coming months. The time frame for completing the facility and closing the JV are dependent upon the timing of obtaining the air quality permit. We'll continue to look for other opportunities to generate a return on capital such as cost reduction projects and opportunities that build out our competencies and increase our competitive advantages to drive returns and shareholder value.  And fourth, after executing against the first 3 objectives, we look to return capital to shareholders. In the 3 months since our last earnings call, we have repurchased $4.1 billion of shares. And today, we announced a separate and incremental $5 billion share repurchase authorization.  At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Maryann.
Michael Hennigan: Yes, Doug, we have talked about this before. I mean we continue to look at it. It's not something that we have off the radar screen. But we continue to come to the same conclusion we have for quite some time that those other situations where people are rolling up their MLPs, we think, are in a much different situation than we are. We're pretty pleased with our MLP's performance, continues to kick cash back to MPC. The structure itself, obviously, it's going out of favor with investors for a little bit, but we think that's starting to turn around as well.  So it's something we keep looking at, Doug. But at the end of the day, we're still comfortable with the structure that we have. And we think it works for the Marathon family to have both MPC and MPLX.
Michael Hennigan: Yes, Doug, it's a good question. And I know some people have been asking us on the last couple of calls where we are on the dividend. I think if I'm right or if I'm wrong, we stated that we were going to maximize the share buyback program and complete that and then reset the dividend. That's still our intention. We're $12 billion through the $15 billion program. Everybody has seen the pace at which we can execute and that's guided by our trading volume and the programs that we have in place.  So we're pretty close to talking about that in a more constructive way, we are committed, and we said this in our remarks, we're committed to a competitive dividend. We want to show the market that we'll grow that dividend. It's probably taken a little longer than everybody's patience has been as far as this return program, but it's actually been executing well in our mind.  As Maryann said in the prepared remarks, we bought back quite a bit of the shares at $74. So we're feeling pretty good about that in general. And we're not too far off of the releasing to the market where our head is on the dividend.
Michael Hennigan: Yes, Manav. I think the answer to that is yes. I mean, obviously, we probably would prefer to do that at the MPLX level as opposed to MPC. But we are definitely looking and trying to figure out ways to create value in both of those basins. I mean, as everybody knows, we've said for quite some time that we're going to concentrate in the Permian and concentrate in the Marcellus area. We did announce on the call earlier today that we are advancing a couple more processing plants, one up in the Marcellus, which has been kind of a constrained area for a little bit of time now and it looks like growth is going to start to pick up there. And then we've also announced another plant down in the Permian as well. So yes, we're very attentive. Hopefully, we'll find more opportunities in both of those basins because we think they're both going to continue to grow. I mean everybody is very aware of the global natural gas situation. We remain constructive on it, and we're trying to be as involved in that growth as we can be.
Michael Hennigan: Connor, it's Mike. I think what you're asking is, do we have a more constructive view on mid-cycle. I think the answer to that is, yes, as Rick stated before, right now, we're in a pretty constructive environment. Inventories are low. Demand hasn't gotten back to levels before COVID. So we're still recovering in that regard. So it is a pretty constructive environment. But as far as to your question of, does it change our view, I mean, I think you said it well. We do banks of the river regardless of where the mid-cycle is. We always look at a downside case and an upside case. And at the end of the day, our upside case is aggressive and our downside case is aggressive, so we can really get those banks to the river. I think our mode, and it was mentioned earlier in the call is we are a believer in capital discipline. We do want to invest in the business, but we want to be really strict about where we do that. And again, I keep saying it's a balance between return on capital when we have good opportunities and return of capital. and we've been trying to do a better job in both areas. So I don't think our bigger picture has changed. I mean what you're hearing out of us a lot today is the second quarter showed what we were supposed to do is run reliably. Ray and his team did a terrific job in that regard. That's what you're supposed to do when the margins are where they are because we don't control that side. And then Rick and his team, and Brian and his team look at how do we maximize feedstock profitability and how do we maximize product lease and profitability. And very proud of the team for what they did in the second quarter because it did show some of the discipline we've been trying to achieve because we don't control the margin environment, but we do control how reliably we run. We do control our cost, and we do control how we set ourselves up commercially. So very proud of the team to accomplish what I think was a pretty good second quarter.
Michael Hennigan: Theresa, I'll start, and then I'll let Ray jump in here. We're definitely seeing the impacts of inflation, whether it's materials or anything else along those lines. It's a reality to us. And obviously, everybody can also see the cost of natural gas and where it stands and Mary gave sensitivities during the prepared remarks about where they are. So those are all important things that, again, I put them in the bucket of we don't control that. Obviously, inflation is a big global picture. But what I asked Ray and his team to do is to really focus on areas we do control and try to offset some of these natural higher-cost things that we don't control coming at us. At the end of the day, I mean, he gave a good example of ways that we can do things differently. We can manage our turnaround schedule differently than we've done in the past. We can look at the cost that we're spending in each of those areas differently. It's kind of interesting. For those who know me, I spend a lot of time on the downside, and we've had a pretty upside quarter that we've been talking about. But I think it's good discipline for us to have that reliability mode, to have a good commercial mode, as Rick said, trying to improve ourselves commercially all the time.  And then to your point, Theresa, when inflation comes at you, hopefully, you set a lot of groundwork in your thinking as to how to be disciplined to attack that rather than just complain about it happening because it's going to happen and it's going to happen later times because it's a cyclical business. But Ray and his team have done a very nice job. I'm very proud of where the cost structure of the company has come in the last couple of years.  And now I'll turn it over to him if he wants to add additional color.
Michael Hennigan: So, Paul, first of all, thank you for the compliments. It's really been a team effort over the last couple of years. So appreciate your comment there. As far as the consolidator in refining, again, I never say never, but we have enough of a refining footprint in my mind to be effective. At the end of the day, we are believers that we're going to see these good times and bad times in refining. And as I said previously, my own mantra is I want us to be a good performer in the down cycle. And if we can do that, then I know we're going to have the discipline to be a good performer in the up cycle. So we're concentrating on how we run the business regardless of where the margin environment is. You heard Ray on cost, you heard Rick on commercial initiatives. So I think we're in a good spot there, and I think we have enough exposure. I never say never, but the chances of us increasing our footprint in refining is not high. Instead, I do -- I am a big believer in returning capital as we've been doing, but I'm also constantly looking for opportunities for us. And the word I used a lot more is adjacencies. I like to look for things that are close to our business that can make us more competitive. One of my 3 months is take the assets we have today and make them more competitive. And sometimes that has to do with adjacency build-out. Dave and his team have tried to increase the profitability at Dickinson as an example. And Ray mentioned that our feedstock flexibility there has gotten way better. We have a JV that's coming on. It's going to help us there. We've done some other things to change our feedstock flexibility. So that's probably where I spend more time thinking about how to create value than thinking about overall consolidation. So I hope that answers the first one. I'm going to let Ray take the second one.
Rick Hessling: Yes, Neil, really great question because we are seeing a lot of volatility in both of those markets, specifically to TI first. We're seeing strong production in the Permian and both on the WTI and WTL specifically. So if you look at where MPC is positioned and with our pipeline commitments with Galveston Bay really sitting in the backyard of the Permian. There's really nobody better positioned than us to take advantage of TI and TL. And then specifically on WCS, that has widened out to 21-plus under. And that's happening, Neil, for a variety of reasons. One, we believe the SPR barrels have put significant pressure on the medium sour barrels in the Gulf Coast, and WCS needs to clear to the Gulf Coast. So it needs to compete directly with the medium sour barrel, and the early SPR releases were predominantly medium sour. So from an MPC perspective, we have historical space out of Canada. We're able to take advantage of that in all 3 regions, the West Coast, the Mid-Con and now the Gulf Coast. So we feel very good about that macro environment going forward. If those are still open, we'll be as well positioned as anyone to capture those advantages.
Rick Hessling: Yes. So Manav, so hand-in-hand with op costs goes refining margin per barrel. And we have really taken Mike's push on improving the commercial performance. We have an acronym we call CCI, continual commercial improvement, and the Gulf Coast -- and this is -- this goes for all 3 regions, but the Gulf Coast specifically, I think you're continuing to see us separate ourselves and improve quarter-to-quarter. And in simple terms, Manav, what we're doing is we are expanding the crack. We are expanding the margin from feedstocks to products. We're optimizing every day. It's a focus that is relentless within our team, and it's something truly that's been going on for years, but you're now really seeing the dividends of the optionality that the team has created, the logistical flexibility and our ability to take a feedstock into the refinery for raise team, his successful operating metrics that he's shown and proven that he's best in industry for quite some time with his toolkit.  And then taking that all the way to the end consumer, I can't stress enough how proud we are of our team and it's an initiative that's very important to us and one that I think you'll continually -- I'll ask you to continually watch because I feel confident in our performance in the quarters ahead as well.
Rick Hessling: This is Rick. So I'll take capture first. And I'll pivot back to -- before I specifically address your question, pivot back to Manav's point, one of the reasons you're seeing our capture where it's at is optionality. So optionality within our system really directly to your point, whether it's the Harbor or the Gulf Coast that blows out on diesel and gas, we are structuring our entire system to have optionality. We don't know when and where the differentials will blow out what will be favored 1 month versus the next. What I can tell you is when it happens, we have the system to take advantage of it. And that's years and years of really preparing for optionality within the system. Specifically, to your question on the Harbor versus the Gulf Coast, that's a tough call. It appears right now, as you said, gas is in favor. Where that will go will be interesting. I think part of that will be on inventories, how they play out within each of the regions as well as demand.  And from a demand perspective, we are seeing very bullish signals from the consumer right now. So we are quite optimistic on that front.
Rick Hessling: John, this is Rick. So going forward, it's been interesting. I'll back up and just talk about July and then where we're at today. So early in July, we had a little bit of a speed bump in and then around the 4th of July where demand was slightly below where we thought it should be. Ever since then, though, we've seen week-on-week increases and demand is picking up really across the board, but specifically in gasoline, diesel steady. And as Mike said in his opening comments around jet. Jet is 20% over quarter-on-quarter 2Q, anyways of -- from where we were a year ago, and we're getting very strong indicators from the airlines and the travel industry on domestic travel via jet. Specifically, going forward, we're seeing a very resilient consumer with a lot of pent-up demand and the trends look very promising. Now certainly, you have the headwinds of inflation, rising interest rates, et cetera. But right now, I would say the falling street price that has been permeated by the falling WTI market is winning the day. And the consumer is showing us very positive demand signals today, and we view that going forward as well.
Rick Hessling: Jason, it's Rick. It's really a great question because you're right, we have seen a lot of volatility on cracks here the last 2 to 4 weeks specifically, and we expect it to continue. I will say, fundamentally, if you look at where inventories are across the energy sector, they're either at or below 5-year averages. We're getting good demand signals from the consumer. And we're seeing really solid feedstock differentials. We're seeing a Brent TI that's $7 to $10. We're seeing backwardation that is only plus or minus $1.  So I would tell you, from a macro perspective, I think there's upside from here, but I'll pause there and be careful because -- it's a very volatile market. Oftentimes, markets go too high and then they correct and go too low. I believe there's some optimism going forward from a macro perspective really because of those key factors that I just laid out for you.
Raymond Brooks: Okay. Neil, this is Ray Brooks, and I'll take your question on that. You're right. There are a lot of moving parts to the economics of renewable diesel some recent headwinds, LCFS price is a little lower than we would have anticipated feedstock prices across the board a little higher. And then there's some tailwinds. We've got a bigger contribution from RIN pricing, a bigger contribution from RD prices. So a lot of moving pieces in the equation. But one thing I'll tell you is when we look at like our Dickinson project, when you take all the puts and takes, the plus and minuses together, we're pretty much on par with where we expected the project to come in. And so that's our experience with Dickinson. We expect the same type of contribution with Martinez going forward. One thing that I would like to add, though, is what we really do is a lot of things I'm talking about outside of our control, whether the regulatory prices, the feedstock price is going to be. I'd really like to focus on what we do and specific to Dickinson, we pay attention to all the feedstocks and we pivoted to the most lowest cost feedstock slate, the lowest carbon intensity slate by optimizing our feedstock acquisition process. The other thing we did is even though that, that project was supposed to be 100% refined bleach deodorized soybean oil, we used our pretreatment facilities at Beatrice, Nebraska and Cincinnati to essentially bring in a fully pretreated feed slate in there. So really concentrate on the things that we can control to deliver the EBITDA. But a lot of moving parts, and we're just doing the best we can with it.
Raymond Brooks: Okay. Manav, this is Ray Brooks, and I'll take that question. I think it comes down to a couple of things. One is definitely paying attention to cost control striving to be the low cost, safe, reliable operator. And then the other key word is reliability. So when we look at the Gulf Coast for the second quarter, we ran extremely well, 1.35 million barrels a day of throughput in those 2 assets at Garyville and Galveston Bay. So best ever performance there out of those assets and they're phenomenal assets. And then the other thing is it's just concentrating on costs. We talked about this many times over the earnings calls in the last couple of years. We've got 2 refineries there that performed very well in the Solomon OpEx survey that comes out every 2 years. Garyville, historically, has been a very good first quartile refinery and Galveston Bay has improved over the past couple of years. So just strict cost discipline after we pay attention to all of our safety and maintenance cap just questioning everything we're spending there and running reliable. So even though your question was on cost in the Gulf Coast, we're really happy with 2Q with our margin performance. So I'm going to let Rick talk a little bit on that.
Raymond Brooks: Roger, this is Ray. And I'll give you an update on Martinez. And I'll go back to the beginning of second quarter. On May 3, we were pretty excited when we got the EIR, the environmental impact report, the final one approved by Contra Costa County Board of Supervisors. So that was big and that let us with one more permit, which was the air permit with Bay Area Air Quality Management District. And so they spent the next couple of months doing a technical review and actually recently, July 22, they posted that permit for public comment, which is a 30-day comment period, which would end in August 21. So when that public comment period ends, they, along with us, providing input, will respond to any comments, and that should be the end. So what -- getting the air permit will be big deal. That allows us to start to unit up when it's ready, and it also allows us to close our joint venture partnership with Neste. So where would we see the light at the end of the tunnel coming on that one.
Raymond Brooks: Yes. This is Ray again. So I'll take that question, John. Yes, you're right. We ran at 100% utilization in 2Q. And then in the third quarter, we're guiding to 94% utilization. And if you look at our turnaround number, up $400 million. That's because we have more turnaround plus catalyst work that's -- that we'll be doing in this 3-month period. One thing I'd like to highlight, though, is one of the reasons we ran 100% in 2Q is we really wanted to meet market demand. And so we challenge ourselves to what we could do in that regard. And just 1 example, we had 1 unit at one of our plants where a hydrocracker, we could squeeze a little bit more life out of the catalyst. And so we made a conscious decision to run through that in 2Q and do pick that work up in 3Q.  So we made those decisions. It looks like they're the right thing to do, but we do have a little bit more work coming up in the third quarter.
Raymond Brooks: Yes. Not much more to add based on what Mike said. We don't control gas prices, labor costs. We don't necessarily control that. The one thing I will elaborate a little bit on is material cost. When we look at a lot of the work that we have coming up in the near future, whether it's Martinez, whether it's work at Garyville, whether it's Galveston Bay and STAR, most of the large equipment purchase material purchases are already on site. So we've got that, that we're able to check that off from both a cost standpoint and reliability of material supply standpoint. So we'll monitor the situations, whether it's labor or gas and adjust accordingly. But the fundamental premise that we're always looking to be the low-cost operator. We'll continue to strive for that.
Raymond Brooks: Okay. My partner is shaking the head, yes. Essentially, what that is, we see that as a potential benefit right now where if we step back a year ago, we kind of looked at LCFS as a $200 a ton level. And most recently, we've been in a $90 a ton. But with CARB's recent announcement, and I'll say the state support for a rescoping plan, their desire is to increase the GHG reduction in the state, which at the bottom line will put more pressure on people to generate credits in the states. So we see that as a potential tailwind on from where we are right now. So what I said to an earlier question, though, is there's a lot of moving parts in the renewable diesel economics between RIN and LCFS and BTC and feedstock costs and all that. And we don't necessarily control them, but we balance between them and we feel pretty good right now definitely how our Dickinson economics are working, and we feel real good going into the Martinez project in total.
Raymond Brooks: Yes, Paul, regarding turnaround and your comment that the third quarter is high. I'll put the caveat in there again that 2022 was back-half weighted. So we ran extremely -- the run rate for the first half was much lower than the run rate for the second half. But if we go back a couple of years, and look at 2020 and 2021, those were lower years from a turnaround standpoint. And yes, when we were in the pandemic, some of the issues we had with wanting to minimize people in our facilities, we did look to lower our turnaround work. So some of the work that we're doing, not all of it, but some of the work is deferred from that period of time. One thing I will tell you that our team really looks at and this is looking at this with -- in conjunction with Rick and Brian's team from the commercial standpoint is we really want to -- we want to do turnarounds at the -- we want to maximize our catalyst cycles. We want to maximize our turnaround cycles. And we also want to try to level the spending as much as possible. So when we look at '22 and '23 and '24, we're looking at optimizing that and trying to level that as to much our capabilities across a period of time. So to answer your question a little bit of deferral from 2021 and a little bit of back half weighted in the second half of '22 versus the first half of '22.
Maryann Mannen: Connor, it's Maryann. Thanks for the question. So I think you captured it right. As we said, we are committed to completing that $15 billion no later than this year -- at the end of this year, excuse me. And you can see by the pace that we have been executing that clearly in the quarter as well, $3.3 billion in the quarter, $4.1 billion since the last time we met on the earnings call, we remain committed and on track to deliver that. As we talk about the additional $5 billion authorization that we just received, I would say it this way, you shouldn't expect that we will have that incremental share repurchase authorization complete by the end of this year. So $15 billion, again, remain firmly committed to that. As we talked about the next round of $5 billion, we'll evaluate market conditions and other opportunities that we have. But I wouldn't assume that we'll be done with that $5 billion this year.
Maryann Mannen: Paul, it's Maryann. We're a little early. As you know, we typically will give you a quarter-by-quarter view of how we see turnaround expenses. So we're a bit early to give you a 2023 guidance. So not ready to call that just yet if that's okay.
Maryann Mannen: Jason, it's Maryann. Look, you're right. I think one of the things that we said was when we finished our $15 billion share repurchase, we would come back to you with a bit more detail. So I think we've been consistent in that, and hopefully, you see that as well. As a part of that, we said we would reassess the dividend at that particular time. We're hopeful that you see the pace at which we are moving to complete that $15 billion as consistent with that communication. So nothing has changed from our views, again, committed to the $15 billion, committed to a reassessment of the dividend at that particular time. And hopefully, the pace gives you some good indication of where that would be. I hope that addresses it, Jason.
