Kristina Kazarian: Welcome to Marathon Petroleum Corporation third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. The slides that acCompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investors tab. Joining me on the call today are Mike Hennigan, CEO Maryann Mannen CFO, and other members of the executive team. We invite you to read the Safe Harbor statements on slide 2. We will be making forward-looking statements today, actual results may differ. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included there as well as in our filings with the SEC. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Kristina Kazarian: Thanks, Maryann, as we open the call for your questions as a courtesy to all participants, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question and a follow-up. If time permits, we will re-prompt for additional questions. I will now open the call for questions, operator.
Kristina Kazarian: Well, thank you, everyone for your interest in Marathon Petroleum Corporation. Should you have additional questions or would you like clarification on topics discussed this morning? Please reach out and our IR team will be available to take your calls. Thank you so much for joining us today.
Maryann Mannen: Sure. Thanks, Neil. Let me talk about the share buyback program and your question around rate ability. Just maybe as a quick reminder, we did not get into the market until the completion of our Second Quarter earnings call. So we really didn't have a full quarter, if you will, and hopefully you've seen what we've been. doing in the remaining weeks post our earnings call as I tried to share with you. We do believe that we have opportunity as we go forward, given the timing of our earnings to be a little more opportunistic. So I would not assume in any way that ratably is the only plan that we have. I think what you can see is if that were to be the case, we certainly would have full ability to complete our program, as we say, no later than the end of 2022, but that is certainly not the only available set of opportunities for us. I will turn the call -- I will turn the question over to Mike on MPLX.
Maryann Mannen: Neil on the tax question. So you're absolutely right in the quarter, frankly, we actually recorded from continuing operations about an $18 million benefit. Part of that is driven by our ability to carry back the incremental pension contribution and some other favorable discrete items in the quarter. The second part of your question is whether or not we would actually migrate towards the statutory rate of 24%. And I think you've articulated that as we look at the amount of non-controlling interest, we would most likely not see a statutory rate of 24% but as the level of R and M continues to improve against that, we'll see that rate get higher than the 2% that you were seeing on a year-to-date basis. So we will migrate from 2% trending toward, but we would not reach the statutory rate. We have continued to make this adjustment since the First Quarter of 2020, and we will do that in the fourth quarter for consistency.  But most likely going forward beginning in the first quarter of 2022, we will not be making a tax adjustment to bring all of our earnings to 24%. I hope that -- I hope that answered the question. And then I'll address your second question around capital. As you saw, we had a significant reduction from 2020 to 2021 and we're largely on track to reach that capex number for 2021. We have not given guidance for 2022 as yet and we'll do that on our fourth quarter earnings call, as we normally do. But I think as you know, one of the key strategic pillars along with cost reduction is strict capital discipline. We've begun to outline for you the amount of capital that we are targeting or committing to renewables, and we would expect to be able to share that with you as well for when we give our guidance.
Maryann Mannen: And, Doug. Maryann here, maybe at the risk of repeating that. But as we always say, we're going to control the things we can and whatever that mid-cycle brings, as I was sharing, we're $1.5 billion better than we otherwise would've been from the cost reductions that we've been able to achieve. We still believe we have some opportunities in our low cost culture but certainly we're 1.5 billion better than we otherwise would have been regardless of what that market brings us.
Maryann Mannen: It's Maryann. I'd say no, it does not. We are certainly as I tried to share, committed to maintaining our investment-grade ratings on both MPC and MPLX. Our decision in the short term on the incremental debt is really based on the $20 million worth of interest rate savings. As I mentioned on the call, we're sitting at about 24% debt-to-cap that will lower that obviously as we take that incremental debt out. But it's short-term. We'll continue to look at the cash position. And then of course as we complete the share repurchase, we'll see that leverage move up a bit as well. But this in no way changes the way that we are thinking about the optimal capital structure for MPC and MPLX. We remain comfortable, if you will, we've been talking about 4 times at the MPLX. And as John mentioned on the call earlier this morning, we're sitting at about 3.7 at the end of this quarter.
Maryann Mannen: Sure. Thanks for the question. Maybe just a couple of things to just state here, you're right, 25% of that share repurchase as we shared of that $10 billion, we're on our way to complete no later than the end of 2022. And hopefully as you've heard, in terms of the debt reduction consistent with what we've been sharing with you, and certainly short-term in nature. I think what we've been discussing and what we've tried to share with you is we'd like to see more progress around our $10 billion share repurchase completed, before we begin to provide a little more structural content on how we think about the remaining use of that cash. We'd want to get a little bit further along in that $10 billion before we give you any more specifics around that, I'll pass it back to Mike and I think you want to add a little more color for you.
Maryann Mannen: Hey, Connor. It's Maryann, maybe I'll start here. I think what you're referring to is the commercial opportunities that we've been sharing as part of those 3 pillars, we've done a lot of great work as we've said, on cost reduction, strict capital discipline, hopefully you see that Kenai as another example of our asset optimization. I think when we continue to look forward, we still believe that there are opportunities for us to improve on the commercial opportunities, you mentioned capture being one of them. And as we've shared, we're a little bit, I'd say we keep that close to the vest for competitive reasons. What we intend to demonstrate to you as we go forward quarter-by-quarter is the actual realization of those efforts that have been ongoing by the commercial team. And you'll see those appear, and we obviously will call those out as they manifest through the earnings in the coming quarters.
Mike Hennigan: Doug it's Mike. As you know from some of our previous conversations, I think it's very, very hard to call the mid-cycle. I often say I used the football analogy that just getting it between the 40's is tough enough, let alone trying to find mid-cycles. So -- but most importantly for me, Doug, I will tell you that the way we manage the Company is we're not concerned about calling the 50 versus the 40. I'd like to think about the 2-end zones. How do we feel about a low environment and a high environment, and how are we set up from a portfolio standpoint, whether each of those come out is because invariably overtime, as you've seen, you'll see cyclical high margin environments and then obviously we've seen some pretty low ones with the pandemic. So I don't really have a number for you. That's not something we spend a lot of time with. Obviously internally, we also like to think about, where is our balance sheet and leverage, etc.  As Maryann talked about, right now we're in a different situation than normal. We have a lot of cash on the balance sheet. We did a short-term optimization around that cash management. Ultimately, I think our leverage to a normal mid-cycle would be higher in the future. But we'll keep debating that and ultimately trying frame ourselves that we're in a good position. But at the end of the day, I don't have the crystal ball to tell you exactly what I think mid-cycle is going to be, but I do think that we're going to manage the Company such that we're prepared for either end of it and we're going to have the appropriate management disciplines and financial disciplines around those scenarios.
Mike Hennigan: Doug, to your first part, I don't know that we think about it as dribbling it around. I mean, from the portfolio standpoint, we've executed the sale of the Speedway business, which as everybody knows, took a long time to get through that process. We made early moves to idle some high-cost facilities in our refining system, converted Martinez to renewable diesel that's in progress, completed a feedstock JV, and an equity position in the feedstock situation for Dickinson. So we continue to examine the portfolio, I think we've done some things that shows the market that it is a high priority for us. It's one of my three main initiatives that I stated from the start with respect to [Indiscernible], I would tell you, Doug, normally, I'm not a big fan of announcing stuff until things are done or not, it's a general rule. But in this particular case, we've done an analysis. And the reason we disclosed it now is we're in pretty advanced discussions with several parties. And because of the timing of this call, we didn't want to have this call.  And if something progresses to closure in the near future, we didn't want everybody saying, "Hey, why didn't you tell us about it? " So we decided to go off our normal little bit and disclose that we may be able to execute something here in the short-term, but it may not happen as well. We're trying to be as open and transparent as we can be. We're evaluating it. It is advanced discussions and that's the main reason that we've decided to tell the market that's where we are. But I will tell you that we will continue to evaluate the portfolio. There's more work in our mind that needs to be done. And hopefully over time, people continue to see a pattern of us challenging ourselves to have a very robust portfolio that works in all market conditions. And ultimately, what I try and say to our team is we want all of our assets to provide free cash over the cycle of cash flows in margin environments that we hit.
Mike Hennigan: Yes it does. We've said for some time, and maybe to our detriment again, but we'd like to around transparency that we believe that there's parts of the portfolio very core and are going to continue to get capital deployment. There's parts of the portfolio that we do not think long term is core, but at the same time, we're generating free cash from those areas. And we'll continue to keep those part of the portfolio unless we see something that adds more value. The bid ask on the non-core has been wide and like I say, maybe no good deed goes unpunished. The fact that we've been open about that option, I think has lead people to try and low-ball us as far as some of the bids, but we know what the value of the assets are in our mind. We're not going to move them for numbers less than that.  We're happy with the execution of the assets at this point. So we're in what I call a good position. We're generating free cash. The portfolio is working for us. We'll look for an opportunity if it makes sense, at some point to divest something that we think can be more useful to somebody else in the long term. But if not, we will manage the capital into those areas and continue to generate free cash and deploy capital where we think there's more longer-term value. So long answer to your question, but yes, the portfolio is obviously something that matters at both MPC and MPLX.
Mike Hennigan: Yeah. Phil,It's Mike, so we're having a lot of internal discussions around the dividend level. But in the short term, our priority is to buy back the shares through the program we have. We're not going to make a change on the dividend while that program is in place, but we are looking at what's the appropriate level going forward especially considering how much cash that we're generating at both MPC and MPLX. And like I mentioned earlier, now the amount of EBITDA that's coming from MPLX into MPC for at least for this year is considerably higher than what it's been in the past. So it is something that's on our radar screen, but while we are reducing shares, we're going to concentrate on that program first before we make any further comments on the dividend.
Mike Hennigan: Yeah. We're certainly open to it. We have a team of people that's constantly looking at the opportunities that are out there inorganically. Obviously, we don't count on that in our base plan and we count on the things we control as you mentioned, but yeah, we have a whole team of people both on the MPC and the MPLX side looking for opportunities in renewables, and as well as all the other alternative energy options. In the short-term, we have not found anything that we think is worthy of deployment, but we'll continue to look at it. Some of these other technologies, I think, are going to develop over time, and I think we're going to get some opportunities into the future but up until this point, we haven't found anything that we thought was worthwhile. But we're certainly open to it. And like I said, we have a lot of people looking at all the different parts of this energy evolution that's going to continue to evolve over time.
Mike Hennigan: Mr. Roger, I will let Ray talk about the regulatory side and then I'll come back on the feed stocks.
Mike Hennigan: And Roger it's Mike, I'll just add to with Ray saying first off on your question on feed stocks. So we continue to have commercial discussions around that. We have kept that kind of close to the vest for now and we'll keep it that way while we're having some of these discussions. But what I wanted to point out the is like Ray said. We're at an important point in the project. We're out for public comment like Ray said, we're ready to go to construction. I know the market has been asking us to disclose the capital. We're looking forward to doing that. We've been holding that back to get through this regulatory process. Once we're through that, then hopefully we'll be able to give you a lot more color with respect to capital and feed stocks and everything else as to where we are. But this important part of this process, as Ray just mentioned, will play itself out. And then hopefully by the next time we talk, we'll be able to give you more color.
Mike Hennigan: Yeah, Roger it's Mike again, so I'd like to -- I never say never, but it's not a high priority for us to increase our refining position. I think the higher priority for us is to increase our opportunities in the energy evolution. You see us doing some things in renewables. We've gotten a few other ideas that we're percolating on that hopefully in time will advance the portfolio. But probably in general, as a general rule, we're looking to balance the portfolio and head a little bit more leaning in towards where things are going to be growing over the next couple of decades if we get the right opportunity.
Mike Hennigan: Prashant, I'll start off and then I'll let Ray give you a little bit more color on SAF, etc. The first item is when we sanction this project, we assumed a 100% soybean so we assume the highest CI in theory, worse feed that we could imagine here, because over a long period of time, the market will [Indiscernible]. Obviously in the short-term, we are looking to provide some better opportunity on the feed stock side for Dickinson and for Martinez. But as I said, we're going to keep that discussion a little close to the vest right now while we get through this whole regulatory period, as far as SAF, we are open to the opportunity for us, but it comes with some puts and takes and I'll let Ray give you a little bit more color on that.
Mike Hennigan: And I think Maryann just said it very well. We're just trying not to get ahead of ourselves in the program. [Indiscernible] or we're looking at some opportunities that maybe are inorganic. We continue to look at that. We definitely have excess cash to the point that was opening in the call. As margins recover, we hope to be continuing to generate more cash through our business. So we're just trying not to get in front of ourselves. We know we have cash beyond the commitment we've made today, we know there's going to be opportunities and I understand your question, but we just don't want to get too ahead of ourselves because we're in a good spot, and we have some time here to continue to execute the program. And as we move along, we'll disclose more and more. Obviously, we want to grow earnings, so we're looking for opportunities.  I keep saying it's a return of and a return on capital business. We want to balance those were very committed to the return of as, as you've seen us, It's executing now, we'd like to see some more opportunities in return on as we continue to look for opportunities to grow earnings. So it's just that balance as we move forward and just not trying to get ahead of ourselves while we have the time to execute.
Mike Hennigan: Yes. Theresa, I don't want to get ahead of the discussions that we're having, so I'm going to have to plan on that question.We're just -- like I said earlier, we're just in such advanced discussions with a couple of different interested parties that have different views of the marketplace that we just didn't feel that it was right to just ignore it on today's call in case something comes to closure. I will tell you that again, everybody knows this when you're doing deals even in advanced discussions, it may happen, it may not happen. We'll see how it plays out. And if it does, we'll have -- try to give you some insight to it and then we'll be able to talk a lot further about it if it does happen. If it doesn't happen, obviously we'll come out and say that as well. But it's just the timing of the call and where we are in the discussions that we felt it was worth given some disclosure.
Mike Hennigan: Theresa, it's Mike. Yeah, we have the ability to ramp up if the expansion is required, so I'll give you my take on top of Rick's. The whole genesis of the project is that Eastern Gulf is looking for more grades as Rick mentioned. Over time, my personal belief is there's going to be more interest there. The issue is supplying the pipe, whether it comes from the north, as you know, there was a project coming out of Cushing that doesn't look like it's going to go forward at this point, but whatever can get supply to that pipe I think is going to be advantageous to get more optionality down to the Gulf Coast. As Rick mentioned, our facility in Garyville is interested in some of the grades. The rest of the Eastern Gulf refining area would be interested in different types of opportunities as far as grade selection as well. So on the personal believer that over time, we're going to get the bottleneck and get more availability of crude into that system. And I do believe over time it is going to expand.
Roger Reed: Good morning, guys. Just dive into its here, First one on the Martinez conversion. Just to make sure you talked a little bit about feed stock earlier, how you're looking at where you are relative to secured feed stock and how that would compare to the normal process. In other words, if you don't have a 100% that's not a surprise because we're still what, 2 years away essentially from full run rates are year-and-a-half. And then are there any specific regulatory hurdles remaining permitting, etc that needs to go on there.
Roger Reed: Good morning, Roger hey the big hurdle for us. The first hurdle was the environmental impact report was actually issued for public comment a few weeks ago on October 18th, and that's a 60-day comment period. I want to emphasize this. This is a major milestone for us and not an insignificant piece of work. It's a 450 page answered-the-questions and scenarios and so forth. There are initially was a little bit of miss interpretation. that, but I was very pleased to see that some of our key stakeholders, particularly CARB, came out in strong support for our projects. So that's encouraging. And we'll monitor any comments that we receive over the next 60 days and address those accordingly. At the end result, we are hopeful to get a land-use permit and that's the big deal because what that does is that allows us to go ahead and start construction. And what I want to emphasize is the project is ready for that phase 1. We're done with the engineering, we've got material stage and we're ready to put the building trades to work on getting phase 1 going. As far as our outlook on it, we remain where we've been in the past, where second half 2022 phase 1 of the renewable diesel project is online.
Roger Reed: I appreciate that. The other question I had, just to go the opposite direction of the discussion earlier on potentially coming up with a different solution for the Kenai Unit, lot of units are for sale out there from various operators on refining, and I was just curious, you did a big transaction shortly before you took this role, understandable, you'd want to clean up some of what you bought and some of what you already had but as you look out over the next 3 to 5 years, is there any interest in expanding the refining footprint or you look at the issues with cafe standards, EVs, etc, and you say generally speaking, we're probably shrinking refining from here? I'm just curious how you're looking at it strategically.
Roger Reed: Sure, Mike. I just want to emphasize in the first portion of the Martinez's project, phases 1, 2, and 3, SAF isn't in the base scope for what we are engineering and building. However, having said that, we believe that SAF will be an opportunity for Martinez. And to support that, we're currently doing engineering work at Martinez as far as what the CapEx would be to add that to the portfolio. I think everybody knows that SAF economics will compete with renewable diesel. We believe that the economic drivers for SAF are not there right now, but they will be there eventually as regulatory and product demand. Support builds for this. And so that's why we're evaluating that Martinez. But I just want to emphasize in our, in our near-term, our next two-year focus at Martinez. We're not building for SAF, but that's definitely a future enhancement to the plant.
Roger Reed: Connor this is Ray. I'll briefly address your second question regarding refining spending probably the biggest thing that we have out there is a project that you've heard before, the Galveston Bay Star project. We still have some remaining spend on that that will go into '22 and '23 to complete that modification to the refining -- refineries, specifically, the remaining scope dealing with the reset hydro-cracker and one of the crude unit is the sour crude unit, but that's the biggest thing in refining on the go-forward plus at this point.
