Gary Heminger: Thanks, Kristina, and good morning and thank you for joining our call. Earlier today, we reported adjusted net income of $1.1 billion or $1.73 per diluted share. This quarter, we executed across all aspects of our integrated business and delivered solid results, generating $2.8 billion of cash from operations. Our impressive cash generation allowed us to return roughly $850 million to our shareholders this quarter, while also funding many key strategic investments, which we expect will continue to enhance our long-term earnings profile. Our team's execution this quarter led to strong synergy capture. Combined with our first-quarter results, we have realized $403 million of synergies year-to-date. Our progress, gives us great confidence in achieving our target of up to $600 million of annual gross run-rate synergies by year end 2019 and $1.4 billion by the end of 2021. Don will provide a detailed update around synergy capture later on the call. Our retail business had an exceptional quarter and demonstrated its ability to capture value. Strong results this quarter reflect the tremendous focus by our team and management of the day-to-day business in conjunction with the integration of the new stores. We have converted over 400 stores since the combination, putting us well on track to achieve our goal of 700 stores by the end of this year. In Midstream, we simplified our structure into one public company to high-grade commercial opportunities and progressed an impressive slate of high return projects that are expected to enhance integration across our system. Mike will speak to our execution around new projects, as well as provide an update on our overall midstream strategy shortly.
Gary Heminger: Sure Doug. And we announced you need to be careful when you announce asset divestitures until you have a fully baked, I would say, but this has been part of our strategy ever since we are though even before we close the transaction with Andeavor to be able to look at assets as you said, that may be non-strategic and we're looking at across the entire portfolio. It's not just one segment versus another. We are looking at across the portfolio, we have identified some assets across the portfolio. And this isn’t just a one year or a short-term thing that we're going to do, this was part of our plan all along. So, we will provide more data to the investors as we go forward. We've already proceeded with a couple of our packages on some assets, it's private at this time, but we will continue on, but this is not a short-term thing, Doug, and your question certainly pieced it up correctly. We are an asset-rich company. We look at some assets that probably have more value at somebody else's portfolio than ours and I proceed accordingly.
Gary Heminger: Sure, Benny. Let's take gasoline first and you said it right, at the beginning of the summer and you recall that the entire Mid-Con was having a very, very wet early, late spring early part of the summer. It's only been kind of a last month that things are finally drive up and business getting back to normal. So, we lost a lot of the kind of front end, if you will, discretionary driving that families do across the Mid-Con early in the vacation season. But you're right, we have seen that it will be stronger until tropical storm Berry came about and dumped off a lot of weather up the Mid-Con and a little bit into the southeast. Today, we're seeing improvement in gasoline demand and as I said earlier in my comments, we think gasoline demand is going to be flat for the balance of the year. The distillate was pretty much the same story. If you look from Iowa, all the way through Ohio, on average, probably only 50% of the agricultural demand came about as because of the farmers just could not get in the fields and again about 50% of the planting, and then you have cultivating and then eventually harvesting is going to, I think continue to put some pressure, but you look at overall distillate inventories they're at the lower end. If you look at distillate inventories by exports at the lower end of the five-year average, which we believe, continues to be a positive point for our business going forward. And I think as we went to -- indicated that we're starting to see some early contributors to IMO with the incremental demand that we're expecting to see, we still think that distillate in the second half of the year is going to be strong.
Gary Heminger: Sure. I will ask Don to cover that. But one of the things, Phil on -- when you look, as Don mentioned in his comments today. We think the appropriate way to look at the balance sheet leverage for both MPC and MPLX is to bring the distributions, take account of those distributions back into to MPC. Don remarked on that in his comments. And let me ask Don to go into more detail here on the leverage.
Mike Hennigan: Thanks, Gary. Turning to slide 4. We are pleased to have successfully combined MPLX and Andeavor Logistics into a single entity, creating a leading large-scale diversified midstream company anchored by fee-based cash flows. As is often overlooked, our business mix has evolved to a more stable, long-dated cash flow profile. Logistics and storage makes up approximately 60% of the cash flows for MPLX and our incremental capital programs, predominantly focused on building out our integrated crude oil and natural gas logistics systems, particularly in the Permian. In addition, we continue to move our capital investments toward the L&S side of the business. At MPLX in 2018, 85% of our capital was directed to the G&P business, in 2019 we move that ratio to about 50/50 and our expectation in 2020 is to spend the majority of our capital in the L&S business. When we think about building out our logistics systems, one of our core objective is to invest in projects that enhance MPC's integrated value. During the quarter, three examples of projects that advance this integrated strategy are Whistler, Capline and Wink-to-Webster pipelines. On Whistler, MPLX announced a final investment decision on this natural gas pipeline into securing sufficient, firm transportation agreements with shippers. This joint venture project is being designed to transport approximately 2 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas from the Permian Basin to the Agua Dulce area, in South Texas. We expect the Whistler system to eventually provide low-cost natural gas to our Galveston Bay refinery. Natural gas is a key input at our refineries and this project creates a compelling industry solution, as well as lowering the overall cost of our system where we are currently utilizing third-party infrastructure.
Mike Hennigan: Yeah, Doug. I’ll let Don talk about specific synergies, Doug. But, let me just talk overall about the synergy -- excuse me, about integration. We're very pleased where we stand on integration to date, and specifically when you look through the segments on refining just listening to Don's presentation here of the turnaround activity we had at Los Angeles and at Martinez, we have some work coming up in St Paul. But what we're seeing across the refining complex is very strong integration. We're developing our team. We've transferred of people from Marathon into some of the legacy Andeavor plants and vice versa. So we see that integration and the communication between the refining coming along very strong. One of the things that we have talked about in the prior quarter, and I've talked to many investors about this, we saw this opportunity with the cat cracker at LA that we could bring in a new catalyst, a new technology and it really improve the output in yield of that plant. Don, can go into a more detail down the road here. But, that is really coming to fruition and as we're capturing -- and this was a synergy that we had not identified prior to the transaction. So I think it's just illustrates, Doug, how well, things are coming along on the integration. We just presented to our Board yesterday, a very big project. We have now defined how we're going to go forward with our SAP system at the end of the day, but how we're going to integrate all of the accounting and financial data, a big project, but we've completed. We've identified that, and we're now moving forward to be able to get that implemented here over the next 18 months to two years and will bring it on in different cycles. I mentioned retail, again, a very strong story at retail, and to have 400 stores complete to date and very much on target to hit the 700 by the end of the year. We're starting to see the improvement in the stores in the Southwest that we have already converted. We're seeing improvement in the stores up at Minnesota Wisconsin that we’ve converted. So those things are that that integration, but more so, being able to bring in one common platform that manages the stores is a big help in managing your operating costs. And then lastly on the Midstream side, it was really a big milestone to close the transaction between ANDX. Mike Hennigan has already outlined the team that they have in place a very strong team. And I congratulate Don Sorensen who is the President of ANDX, who really did an outstanding job. I would like to have kept Mike with the team. But he wanted to move on to do some other things. But they did a great job as we proceeded in being able to put this transaction together. So let me ask Don to go into some of the synergies in more detail.
Mike Hennigan: Right. Let me have Ray take that, Benny. Let me start off so both but talk about. If you look at the West Coast crack spreads and how the market has fluctuated, there had been some downtime in some refineries early in the second quarter, which are resolved in a lot of imports coming in that ended up having too much inventory in the West Coast, we see that being a run down and the inventory situation coming back more into balance now. So, we think that was a temporary lull in the early part of the second quarter. But specifically, your question, Ray will talk about some of the things that we're doing.
Mike Hennigan: Hey, Roger is Mike Hennigan. Yeah. So we continue to progress, LOOP is the name you were looking for. It's Louisiana Offshore Oil Port and we're trying to get more information into the market that explains LOOPs capabilities. It is the only VLCC capable port in the U.S. today. It has terrific capabilities. We've talked about the capability to load several VLCCs within a week. So we anticipate more and more opportunity there going forward and the LOOP people are trying to get the message out as to what our capabilities are. 
Mike Hennigan: Okay. Sure, sure Paul, I'm going to turn this over to Ray. But I am glad to see you haven't changed, you were able to get six questions in your first question. 
Mike Hennigan: Hey Neil, this is Mike. Yeah. First off, we’re keenly aware of all the rhetoric around the Northeast Appalachia situation. What I think you're seeing from the producers, however, is a response that is positive and moving toward staying within cash flows to make sure that they have a strong financial position. A couple of our largest customers have come out and released our earnings and they're showing that they are directionally moving toward that mode. I mean, what that means for us, however, is a little slower volume up there, but that kind of fits what we're trying to accomplish. One of our goals is to diversify our asset base, very much like our Northeast position, but we're trying to diversify, a little bit more into the Permian and some other assets on the O&M side of the business, the long-haul pipelines that we've talked about previously. So to the extent that the Northeast producers live within cash flow, blow down capital a little bit, which is a little slower growth that's been there in the past that kind of fits what we're trying to accomplish. So that we can redeploy capital in another area and still enjoy strong free cash flow generation out of the Northeast. We've been putting a lot of capital to work up in that area and the fact that if it slows a little bit will put us in a free cash flow generation position. So harvesting cash out of the Northeast and deploying it in other areas, it's fitting the strategy that we want to accomplish.
Don Templin: Thanks Mike. Slide 5 provides a summary of our second quarter financial highlights. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes turnaround cost was $3.2 billion for the quarter. Operating cash flow before working capital was approximately $2.8 billion. We returned $852 million to shareholders through $352 million of dividends and $500 million of share repurchases. We ended the quarter with $660 million shares outstanding. And for the year, we returned over $2 billion to shareholders.
Don Templin: Yeah, Doug, as I said, we were really pleased with the performance of the team around synergies to 270 million this quarter. We did highlight a couple of one-time synergies. And when I think about one-time synergies, the way we've defined that is synergies that we're capturing in 2019, but are unlikely to continue into 2020 or beyond. And so, that $30 million or so is primarily around optimizing Tier 3 gasoline credits, and so that won't continue past this year. On the other -- in the refining sector, we did highlight turnaround cost savings during the quarter of about $60 million, obviously, that won't continue every quarter, but we're going to have turnarounds over the next three years, and we're very confident that our management of those turnarounds will allow us to continue to be able to deliver them on time and on budget. So, if I think about the $270 million for the quarter, I take out the one-time, the $30 million that gets needs. And then I think about sort of the 60 million that doesn't recur every quarter, that's a $180 million for the third quarter, $60 million a month, if you will. If I annualize that $60 million a month, that's why we get really excited about and have conviction around our view that we will get to the synergy target that we communicated at our earnings call.
Don Templin: Yeah, so Phil, I think both on the MLP side, in that the corporate level, we're going to defend our investment-grade credit profile and when we think about defending our investment-grade credit profile. What we really look at is the risk around the cash flows and the volatility of those cash flows and the consistency that you have. So as we think about that informs our decision about how much leverage we want to have as we think about the Midstream to date, sort of that four times debt to EBITDA leverage has been one that we think is appropriate and continues to support an investment-grade credit profile and if we take a view that the risk has changes in the future. I think that will inform our view about how much leverage we want at the MLP. And the same thing as we think about what's going on at a corporate level, and I think it's appropriate to really look at MPC and think about sort of the $9 billion of debt. It's responsible for that it's not responsible for the debt of the MLPs and when I think about that $9 billion of debt and our cash flow generation capability, if you think – if you take the distributions that we get from the MLP back, it's sort of a 1.1 times kind of leverage metric, we feel very comfortable with that, especially, given the really strong performance of Speedway more than $600 million of EBITDA in the quarter. So the cash flow profile, the risk that we think is attendant to that part of the business is what's going to really influence where our leverage goes and how we manage it.
Don Templin: Yeah, Phil, with respect to capture rate, you're right to point out that in the second quarter, there was turnaround. And that obviously impact of that. The other thing that just to remind you is that, the correlation between gas prices, gasoline prices and some of the other products that we sell. So, you know the propanes and the specialties and everything else that also impacts capture rate. So, assuming we get back to sort of a normal correlation between those, then we would expect that our capture rate will be very consistent with our historical rates. If gasoline, cracks run-up, that's good for our business, and if the capture -- if the other commodities don't keep pace with that, I'm not bothered by that, because the gasoline cracks have been running up. So, capture is important, but we are looking to try to maximize the value from all of the products that we sell. And to the extent that we see something that impacts that we will try to highlight it to you and communicated to you in advance.
Dave Whikehart: Yeah. This is Dave Whikehart. It appears that the ORB has been opened from Europe and we've seen the import volumes on gasoline come into the East Coast and July might actually turn out to be a high as import volume numbers probably for the last couple of years. So that seems to be the way that the markets are responding at this time. Interestingly, what we've seen in terms of impacts to our supplier situation is we've seen demands on the Gulf Coast actually increase. We think it's because of these barrels have been directed to the East Coast and that's really freed up some opportunities for us to use our system to export more out of the Gulf Coast.
Dave Whikehart: Yeah. On colonial just a comment there, initially you saw the line space increase in value. I think that with the imports coming in, it's attempt that down a bit, but you would think that the shorter position in the Northeast would pull up the line space value and we would benefit from that given our position there. And just a general response Gary concerning our daily activities of trying to assess the opportunities to connect our refineries to markets, looking for those infrastructure investments that will enhance the return back to the refineries and put those supply options in position and that's an everyday activity for us and this opportunity is no different.
Dave Whikehart: Neil as you remember, the way we put the synergy capture together, Retail is really going to lag. Some of the other segments just because the time it takes us to get the stores converted and re-merchandised. But again, we're -- as Don illustrated, we're ahead of our plan within Speedway, but we expect it to have a much stronger cadence here starting in the fourth quarter.
