Ed Westlake: Good morning, everyone. First, before I ask my question, congrats on strong cash generation last year. I think a lot of focus is going to be on capital allocation, so I will kick it off on that. You have cut Midstream CapEx; can you give a little bit of guidance as to what has fallen out of the program and how the program might evolve into 2017, for example, if commodity prices stay low? Then, I have follow-on.
Ed Westlake: Okay. Thank you. Then a follow-on, still on capital, I mean, folks are worried about a recession, people have many different views on that, but you have revised capital down to 3.7. If you did have a period, where the market was stressed and you had to cut CapEx even further? Maybe just talk a little bit through the flexibility that you have in the capital program to manage a downturn. Thanks.
Ed Westlake: In fact, we are analyzing that right now, Ed, and we have several areas where we can manage our capital and that is the prudent thing that we are doing here. While I know it is difficult to lower the capital guidance and lower the distribution growth guidance, we just feel it is necessary to make sure we always manage within our means, so we have those opportunities, we can push some of the retail spending out if we had to that we are getting very high returns and really are very pleased with the returns we are getting there, but we are going through that exercise right now and we have already identified areas that we can be flexible.
Don Templin: Sure. Ed, this is Don. A majority of the decline in that CapEx forecast is around the money we were going to spend in Utica and Marcellus, so you will recall that our original forecast was around $1.7 billion, and on the legacy MPLX side of the business, you know, that money was going to be spent on Cornerstone and the Robinson Butane cavern and a couple of those projects that are continuing on. The remainder was with respect to our G&P segment and a lot of that spending is going to be matched consistent with our just in time capital spending program to be able to meet our producer customers' demand, but not to deploy the capital in advance of their demands or their needs.
Don Templin: Yes. Neil, this is Don. I guess we were evaluating the full-year and there are a number of factors that we considered. You know, clearly, there has been pressure on volumes, but you know we are still seeing good volume growth and expect good volume growth in Marcellus and Utica to support our underlying business. We are very confident in the legacy MPLX business or the pipeline business. We are very confident in the steady cash flow of the marine business that has been offered to MPLX. I would say probably the biggest factor that we have been considering and have been analyzing and evaluating is the yield environment and you know the pressure that the yield environment puts on growth is we are funding our growth and issuing new units or funding it with debt. That has put, you know, incremental pressure on that, so I would say that a lot of our decision in our evaluation has not been based upon the underlying cash flows of the business, but it has really been a function of the way the market has performed since we announced the combination and even since early end of November when we were probably in the 4.5% kind of yield range. You know, we are more than 200 basis points wide of that in just a couple of months' time.
Don Templin: Brad, this is Don. I might even add one more comment on that, particularly on the NGL project. One of the things that we believe is really important is that our producer customers are very much in need of an opportunity to increase the netback, particular on propane. I mean, we have been challenged in terms of getting it to a market where they can realize a higher price, so in our efforts to make sure that we are very sensitive to and focused on our producer customers, we think it is important for us to deliver a project or projects that allow them to get the highest netback they possibly can as quickly as they can, so speed is of the essence in terms of those types of projects.
Don Templin: Yes. Paul, we have not given specific guidance on sort of what the minimum is. I think that it is important to us to be able to flex in order to be able to meet the increase in volumes that are producers are experiencing and we expect them to experience, so we will continue to monitor that. We do have a lot of knobs to pull or levers to pull and we feel like we can manage capital in a very, very efficient way. I mean, we expect for example that in fractionation or in processing in Utica and Marcellus, we would expect processing to increase by 20% year-over-year and fractionation to increase by 30% year-over-year, so we are expecting good volume increases and we are going to make sure we are managing our capital appropriately to be able to support our producer customers.
Don Templin: Hey, Paul, this is Don. I had maybe one other comment or observation. I mean, that number when prices are going up really quickly or prices are coming down really quickly, that number seems to expand or contract. While we have had volatility in the markets, we have had sort of relative prices have relatively have not moved down as fast or up as fast, so we get impacted in there when RIN prices move up really quickly or move down really quickly. We get impacted when commodity prices are moving up really quickly or down quickly. Even though it is a low-price environment, because we go a little bit more steady action there, I think, that is probably what has moderated a little bit from some of the previous quarters.
Don Templin: I guess, some of the ones that are in the MPC bucket versus, I will call up that the, G&P bucket or the logistics and storage, would include investments and things like we had some tail expenditures on the Southern Access Extension when we completed that. We have investments in Sandpiper as we are funding that with our joint venture partner Enbridge, so some of those projects, Chi, are ones that are longer lived, had some maybe bigger dollars associated with them. It was one of the reasons why we were actually incubating those up at MPC versus funding them directly at MPLX. I might also add, we have been making some investments in blue water, our joint venture with Crowley, the investment in the blue water vessels, so those are some of the things that are sitting up in MPC and not in the MPLX number.
Don Templin: I would say that the MPC piece of it is probably a little less flexibility in terms of cutting that. The stuff that is in MPLX consolidated, there is a lot more flexibility there.
Don Templin: We cannot share that right now, because the process is going through. It has been referred by MPC to the MPLX special committee or conflicts committee, so they are working through their valuation and we would not want to get in front of that.
Don Templin: Sure. We have not provided incremental outlook on capital spending. I guess, I would say it this way, Paul. The resource exists, we are very confident it does. Our producer customers are in what we believe to be very good regions and plays. The projects exist and what we are really doing is, we are managing the completion of projects to coincide with the volumes that are producer customers are producing, so we believe that the projects and the revenue opportunities are there. It is likely that some of those make it stretched a bit and we will match our capital plan to deal with the potential stretching in the volumes but we are very confident in our producer customers and the resources and their ability to long-term to deliver those volumes.
Gary Heminger: Evan, our first statements here, while the entire MLP market has been under tremendous stress, almost since the day that we announced this transaction, but it was clear even with our increase in distribution last week that the market is still under tremendous stress and is challenge not to recognize that value, so that is why we have really ratchet back our distribution growth, which is certainly part of the capital allocation as we look at it into MPLX. Don just mentioned how far we have gone; so far we cut back to capital of MPLX and if need be, we could even trim it back some more on the MPC and should it be on the MPLX side. What we are clearly going to do and it has always been part of our strategy and part of our flexibility is that we will manage to our capital budget whether it is out of refining, whether it is out of Midstream or whether it is out of retail, we will be able to ratchet back to maintain a strong balance sheet.
Gary Heminger: As I said at your conference, we were surprised to see that big of a build and had expected it to be reversed due to a lot of operating issues and it has not reversed to the area that we thought it, but gasoline demand continues to be strong. When we look at our exports, we know averaged 330,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter of exports, granted we have a couple of turnarounds here early in the first quarter, but that will reduce our number of exports, but also our total volume and capacity will be down a little bit in the first quarter due to the exports. We see gasoline demand, as Tim stated, up 1% and we see that continuing on and I think I stated in our Analyst Day meeting that we would expect first quarter to be over first quarter last year due to continued lower price versus same period last year, but gasoline and octane continue to be very strong. Diesel has picked up a little in comparison to the fourth quarter across our same-store sector and our under diesel exports continue to be strong as well, so I will - Mike Palmer, see if he has any additional comments.
Gary Heminger: Not at this time, Brad. You know, when we laid out all those projects in the third and fourth quarter last year, it was always anticipated that these were no longer lead projects and we are continuing to work those very hard. We are in some engineering on a couple of those projects, but we do not anticipate at this time to move those out. The alkylation project is very important, very important for the producers, very important for our octane needs and the distribution of octane into the refining system. We are still looking at a very strong interest in a solution in order to be able to move propane either to an East Coast market or move propane down into the Gulf Coast, so those are still continuing on and those were the two biggest synergy projects that we had outlined at the time of the transaction and both of those as I say we are continuing to work on.
Gary Heminger: Yes. Phil, I still think refining should be strong in the first half, driven as I said earlier by gasoline demand and driven by octane. The crude oil prices have been quite choppy over the last three weeks here. Crude try to get momentum and then [ph], so that would be a little bit of a driver and the differentials of course that goes with that. Overall demand, again, driven by gasoline. As I said, we have seen some uptick in our diesel over the road demand here so far in the first quarter, but clearly in the market right now are the diesel inventories as Mike Palmer explained we will look at diesel as we go through the turnarounds season within the industry here already started in the Gulf coast. It will move up into PADD II and PADD I, starting in the second quarter should take care of the overhang in the diesel inventory, but if there is any overhang in the margins, I believe, it is going to really be diesel-driven.
Gary Heminger: Sure, Phil. We still have all the flexibility and still have all the interest in supporting MPLX, supporting the Midstream business as we have stated. It is just as Don outlined, if you look at our yields from the time we announced the transaction to the date of closing and until note yesterday. Obviously, as we speak today, the yield continues to back up. I have always outlined that we believe that the differentiator in the MLP space is the quality of earnings and the quality of distribution growth. We have highlighted very clearly what that quality is and what flexibilities we have. However, the market is the indicator on how that is going to be recognized. Today, the entire market is under complete stress and MLPs have backed up in their yields value, so we just think it is prudent at this time not to chase that yield. As I said at the last question I had at the Analyst Day meeting, we will continue to assess, but there is no reason to chase the yield that is backing up with when we have very, very high quality assets, very high distribution growth that we can make happen. I think it is just best that we settle back, we see how the entire market continues to recognize MLP investments. As I said in my talk, we expect this to be temporary and we expect to be able to revert to our initial distribution growth guidance down the road as market settle down a little bit.
Gary Heminger: Sure. We have already outlined, Paul, that on the MPLX side, we dropped the capital back above $450 million from where we had initially approved the capital and I will let Don and Frank take it from there, if there is any - how much more room they have, but I know we have more room to drop back from there. Then I will have Tim cover the maximum that we would support.
Gary Heminger: Yes. Again, there are certainly some seasonal factors that enter in too, but you are talking about things that would include sort of marketing, transportation, other expenses that get factored in.
Gary Heminger: Again, I would not say there has been any structural change to the sort of run rate around the expenses related. A lot of it will move higher based on some unplanned turnaround activity to the extent that comes in. We have certainly been impacted and benefited from the lower overall fuel costs related to natural gas. I would say as the structural matter, there is nothing that has moved dramatically. The notion that there is roughly $200 million gap, again I think it is difficult to predict based on the environment, but with regard to the refining system itself there is nothing that has structurally change that would impact that.
Gary Heminger: Chi, we do not breakout the splitters at Canton and Catlettsburg separately, but both are operating at their design capacity. Mike Palmer, can talk about what the design capacity and what we have been running them at.
Gary Heminger: That is certainly is one of the things that we have looked at, Doug. Let me turn it over to Tim, as Tim has done all the analysis on what we think the best options are.
Gary Heminger: Right. Well, we review that every day, Doug. As I have stated before, we are able to flex our gasoline versus distillate make around 8% to 10%, so every day we are looking at that termination on the values in the marketplace and we are just coming up now on starting to make [ph] for pressure gasoline getting ready for the changeover. We have the market starting early April to make sure it is in 8% to 10%. 8% to 10% is how we can flex, but every day we are making that decision on what is the best product to make.
Gary Heminger: I do not know. If prices rebound by the end of the year, Paul, it would be really dependent, I think, on sort of where prices end the year and what the outlook is for '17 and what the producer customers' drilling program and profiles are.
Gary Heminger: Paul, to that point, and I know there are number of questions that we had throughout this call. We reduce our guidance in this call. As I stated, we have decided at this time to suspend talking about guidance beyond '16. We just think that is the prudent thing to do. As we look at the overall business, we have been very clear. We have a temporary pullback here. I expect and my entire team expects, so this is temporary. As Don just stated, if crude prices rebound like we anticipate they will in the second half of this year, that could lead to volume growth, that could lead to producers being quicker to return into their producing regions, especially in the Utica and Marcellus, that is very important to our Midstream, but I want to temper any concerns about going past '16, because it is just important that we take care of the work at hand here then we will look at what happens beyond '16. Again, I think prices will recover in the second half and we will see where we go from there, but there is no reason to get into a discussion beyond '16 at this time. Lisa, I will turn it back to you.
Tim Griffith: Sure. Evan, again, I think considerations around the total capital allocation for the enterprise will continue to focus on balance. I think as we suggested even at Investor Day and this morning, the amount of share buybacks that we do at any point in time is going to flex depending on the needs of the business, but I think certainly in a environment of capital constraints, we will revisit the spending. Again, I think the intent and the plan for us is that the commitment around return of capital is really a long-term commitment. We do not get too focused on any one particular quarter one period, but certainly we will need to look at that across the full scope of the capital allocation of the enterprise.
Tim Griffith: Yes. I mean, I think, ultimately as we scope the distributable cash flow necessary to support growth and the partnership, adding incremental earnings into the partnership is necessary, frankly, just to support the distribution growth even as revised this morning, so a deferral would put the partnership in a more compromised position and obviously, getting the earnings base recalibrated. I mean, in addition to the growth of distributable cash flow, we are also sort of very carefully watching the leverage profile of the partnership and the capacity to take on any incremental debt there is more limited, so this is, Doug, I think really a necessary step to keep us on the path that is designed and has been shared with the investment community with regard to the distribution growth. We have looked at a number of different alternatives and I think adding the Marine business into MPLX both, from a diversification and to support the growth and distributable cash flows, is what we think makes the most sense at this point.
Tim Griffith: Well, we think so. Again, I think, for the entire - MLP space to the extent that yields have moved up, it is highly likely that multiples likely would move lower. I think, you will see evidence of that as we get through our transaction here. Again, we think that the long-term value to MPC really again relates to the GP and the potential IDR stream and cash flows that are generated from the partnership over a period of time and the growth in distributions made possible by the drop of marine and other assets from MPC will help to accomplish that over time. Obviously, it slows a bit here relative to our initial expectations on growth, but we still think the long-term value proposition is very strong.
Mike Palmer: You know, Gary, the only thing that I would add is that, obviously, this time of year, we typically see gasoline builds, especially in PADD II, and you know that is what we are seeing now. We are getting ready to go into the turnaround season and part of the build that you see is in order to handle the shortfall that we are going to have when those refineries go down. That is only other thing that I would add to your comments.
Mike Palmer: Yes. Brad, this is Mike Palmer. Yes. You have hit the nail on the head. I think what we are seeing now is that, when you look at the light sweet domestic production in this country, you know, we think that those lines are coming off and there is tightness, but at the same time we are seeing very good values on the sour side of the barrel. We are getting a lot of Middle Eastern crudes that are moving into the Gulf. As you know, the Gulf of Mexico itself has grown and continues to grow and the Canadian heavy sour continues to be a good value, so I think that is exactly what you are going to see happening as there is going to be probably less sweet runs and a shift to sour.
Mike Palmer: Yes. Gary, I sure can. The two splitters, you know, Catlettsburg has a design capacity of 35,000 barrels a day. Canton is 25,000 barrels a day. Total of 60, we are operating those two splitters at the plan that we have had. Typically, we do not talk about just exactly how much we were running. We still got some room. We are not full, but that was the plan for this point forward. I can tell you that we are buying as much condensate now as we have at any time in the past. That condensate production is holding up well, our strategy is working well. We did have a little bit of weather issue in January, but really that is all we have seen, so it continues to work per plan.
Mike Palmer: Again, Chi, we do not really talk specifically about those price levels. I think all we said in the past is, what you need to do is take a look at the Ergon [ph] postings in that area to give you an idea of what the prices look like.
Mike Palmer: Gary, as you pointed out, determining whether we are going to be at max gasoline or max distillate is something that we look at continuously. You know the only thing I can say there is that, with regard to the 50%, I mean, economically that was the best place for us to be at that time. We certainly have seen a lot of strength with regard to gasoline exports in the current environment, a lot of that coming out of Latin America and even in the Far East and that is probably one of the reasons that the gasoline makes that high.
Mike Palmer: Yes. Clearly, all of the refining industry, we look at the where the inventory situation and what the margins are. In the event, and we continue to expect gasoline to be strong, but in the event inventories are not in balance after the turnaround season here. It appears to be about normal season in the Gulf Coast, maybe a little bit heavier going into PADD2 early in the second quarter remains to be seen. I think the refining industry, as well as specific I can speak for Marathon. We have been very cautious and very prudent and always so watching the margins and if run cuts need to be made, the industry I think has been a very quick to assess that, but backup and say we do not see any issues today - any need for immediate run cuts. It is something that we certainly will watch going out into the second half of the year.
