Paul Sankey: Firstly, just sequentially, could you give me an idea -- it was notable that you had a tough quarter in Q4 and this is obviously a good beat of expectations. Could you give us a sense for the impact in the way that you presented on Slide 6 of some of the differential moves, particularly the sweet/sour and the WTI LLS? And also, I'm wondering about market structure because I guess we've got a little bit of kind of a double curve at the moment with a bit of contango and a bit of backwardation. 
Paul Sankey: Okay. I'll flip in the follow-up if you want but Gary, could you talk a bit about export potential and if we could to go back obviously to my recent question, but the other question I had was just about export potential, how big you think the market for distillate exports can be. That's my two. 
Paul Sankey: Great. And then, just to remind you my first question was, sorry to put you on the spot here, but it was really Slide 6 ... 
Gary Heminger: That's tough to determine how big that actually can go because it all depends on the refining slate in Europe and how refineries run in South and Latin America, but our indicators suggest that the market continues to be very strong for exports and the way that we put out the different cargoes for sale, we're continuing to get a strong response on those cargoes. So it looks like, Paul, it should continue to be strong for the, we think, into the distant future. The other thing is there's a tremendous amount of building and expansion going on in Brazil and some surrounding countries, which is helping as well. 
Gary Heminger: Well, as we've said and Mike Palmer is here. Mike, why don't you -- Mike handles all of our supply business so I'll let Mike go into the detail. 
Gary Heminger: This is Gary, Paul. We're giving guidance for the second quarter that our WTI will be about 27%, I believe it is. 
Gary Heminger: I think, I'll hold on to one of the slides here. We got it. Yes. 27% is what the expected WTI price crude runs will average in the second quarter. 
Gary Heminger: First quarter of this year was right about 30%.  We had much lower crude throughputs this quarter, they'll be increasing in the second quarter as such it will be about -- the volume is about the same but the percentage is going down to 27%. 
Gary Heminger: Just the higher -- the absolute total, the total barrels of crude we're running is higher but the volume of WTI link is about the same. 
Gary Heminger: Well, and Paul, excuse me, Blake, things change on how that product was supplied in the marketplace prior to where it is today. It is only going to change minimally once we get this acquisition complete here in the second quarter. 
Gary Heminger: You know I think probably what I could say is that the weakness that you saw in Chicago had a lot to do with the weakness that occurred in the Canadian crude oil pricing during the first quarter. The weather was good, production was high, there was a lot of Canadian crude that was being produced and obviously, those pipes that sit directly on Enbridge pipeline in Chicago have the ability to bring in very cheap crude. And so they continue to run a lot of crude basically and that did cause, it has caused product prices to be relatively cheap. So from our standpoint again, I mean we, as you know, our system is setup such that we have the ability of running Canadian crude as well. So we took advantage of the cheap Canadian crude just like the Chicago refiners did, although we have constraints that perhaps they don't. 
Gary Heminger: Yes. That's a phenomena really that we see every year. When you look at the Chicago market it's relatively a thin market and the vapor pressure changes caused volatility pretty much every year. 
Gary Heminger: Sure, Chi. And I think we've chatted about this in the past. As we look at the crude going from North to South and West to East, first of all, the Canadian crude and we all know the dynamics in the system is trying to expand the crude systems into the Gulf Coast for Canadian supply. Then you look at the Bakken come down to the Niobrara, eventually to the Permian and Eagle Ford. The Canadian and Bakken and Permian crude as well, all finds its way to the Cushing hub. The initial pipeline that, I understand midmonth here, will be started up. That will be reversed from Cushing to the Gulf Coast, is around 150,000 barrels per day or so, of output. But when you look at the Bakken, and I'm understanding 20,000 to 30,000 barrels per calendar month are being added each month, and you look at the take away capacity from the Bakken, the take away capacity from Canada and then the Cushing barrels, excuse me, the Permian barrels coming into Cushing, we still find that there's going to be a substantial amount of supply available vis-à-vis the amount of export capacity you have out of that Cushing market. And then the other point that I want to make is as you take a look at, at those crudes that eventually may want to find their way to the Gulf Coast, and I think you have a very, very strong competitive force being the Eagle Ford's crude that is continuing to grow each month, and in order to be able to get those crudes and transport those crudes through the Gulf Coast, I see it that you have to go through the Eagle Ford to get there. Therefore, I think it's going to allow differentials to be wider back in those refiners in the Mid-Continent and Midwest that have the ability to take those crudes into the marketplace. They're going to have a transportation differential, a timing differential, and I think you are going to find more competition in the Gulf Coast. And where that competition is really going to play out I believe, is the imported barrel that is coming in as well as some offshore barrels that could come in into the Gulf Coast, either Louisiana corridor or the Houston corridor. I just see for some time that the friction of those barrels that are trying to pass through to the Gulf Coast is still going to be a very, very competitive market, therefore it's going to, as I said before, allow benefits back to Midwest, Mid-Continent refiners. 
Gary Heminger: Oh, we didn't say that we were considering that. That there are many markets and many ways to look for the markets. And it's clear, Capline is 1 million-barrel per day, kind of rated capacity system, that moves South to the North per day. It is also clear that you would need to ensure that you have supply into the Midwest. I can take you back to late the last decade, where that pipeline was a major supply source in the Midwest refineries. In the event that you were to consider that, you would need to ensure that you have a large pipeline that can still move that type of supply, maybe not 1 million barrels per day, but still move a significant amount of supply South to North if needed. The Canadian production cannot handle everything into the Midwest. So there are many dynamics that go in, Chi, into making or performing that analysis in term of what would be the best way to look at those assets. 
Gary Heminger: Good question, Jason. I think when you look at the spreads that we have been seeing in the market for the first quarter, it would still suggest that you want to run a very heavy slate. But the fact is that what we'll do, like we do at all the rest of our refineries, is we will look at the crude oil differentials that exist in the market at any given time, and we will optimize the crude slate such that we will have the highest profitability slate that we can. We still very much believe that it's going to be a heavy slate, but there are times when we may not run all the heavy that we talked about, it'll depend upon the market. The object is to make money not to run heavy crude. 
Gary Heminger: Oh, okay. Sorry, Jason. We continuously look at all assets that are available and as recognized with our acquisition last year of Gas City and the acquisition soon on GasAmerica. So we continue to look at basically everything that is available and what opportunities are there, but I can't go into any more detail at this time. 
Gary Heminger: No, and that's right. We don't have a lot of good details on some of the sales and slide as it is that we sell it domestically and is exported. So we're not really sure exactly where it was, the barrels are actually ending up, anyhow. 
Gary Heminger: Well, my understanding, Rakesh, from what I've read and studied is that as they start up, they will be taking the base plant down for turnarounds. So I think it's going to be sometime probably through the -- into the third quarter before they get the entire system up and running. And then it all depends -- and of course we do not know the information of how they're going to supply their crude or it's going to be heavy crude, medium, light, we don't know the type of slate. So therefore, how that would affect the differentials and then as they come up, how that will change the product prices, I just think is too far out, probably until late second, early third quarter before we would see the effects. 
Gary Heminger: Well, certainly if coking capacity could also mean that you're running a part of a medium slate. It just -- but I would assume you're right, that it will be a heavier crude. 
Gary Heminger: Well, I like your optimism that we're at our low point in Asphalt demand. It's still going to be a struggle for Asphalt this year. As you see the relative price of Asphalt in the $500 plus per ton, it's going to be a challenge for state governments and cities to be able to pay as much as they have in many years past. So let's say I'd like to share your optimism. We've hit the low point and Garry may have a little more detail. 
Gary Heminger: Right. For April, month-to-date we're up a little bit over 3.5%. I think it's about 3.7% month-to-date so a very strong turnaround in April versus the first quarter. And the other thing is, when you go back and compare some of the volume first quarter versus last year, and even most of the individual months, we had some pretty strong months in the first quarter last year. So when you look at things on a same-store basis, sometimes you're comparing up yourself against very strong months last year. So as I said in my prepared remarks, that we expect to be after April, about flat year-to-date on gasoline demand with a very strong pickup here in April. 
Gary Heminger: And Paul, what happens at in the Gulf Coast, first of all, there are more condensate splinters but also the condensate seems to get blended into different systems which cost us just much more infrastructure. And Garry's point are right, and I should have included Utica back in the question that Chi Chow had for me on how we looked at the different crudes, I should have included Utica as well. Because as this production ramps up, and we're -- this production is at the far -- the furthest Eastern part of PADD II, it is -- we don't have any pipelines that run East to West over in PADD II. So this really gives us a great opportunity to be able to run this at those refineries and once we get it on the water, we can take it many places. So to Garry's point, instead of possibly heavying up capital investment, maybe we can use our transportation assets to move it into markets. 
Gary Heminger: Right, and Evan, and thank you very much for the compliments on our quarter. But as we stated before, we're executing on a permanent to truck rack to Canton. We're looking at a trucking-to-barge operation and those are already in our plans that we've discussed before. If the production grows, like we certainly expect and the producers that we're working with, we have a main trunk line that runs West to East into the Canton area and therefore, we will have a great ability to run a gathering system if that production grows into that main trunk line. So we have many opportunities and I believe we're going to be able to move as fast and as quick and have the flexibility going forward as anyone else. 
Gary Heminger: Yes, Rakesh. We have stated before we're very interested in continuing to grow both sides of our retail. And I want to make sure when Paul Cheng was asking me about retail, we have the Marathon brand in the Southeast but we don't look at same-store sales in Marathon brand because we don't have the individual store volumes. But we have Speedway just in the Midwest in the Southern state area. But certainly, if we can find the quality and the size of opportunities, we would move -- we would consider that into the Southeast for Speedway and we're continuing, we had an outstanding year last year on the Marathon brand side and growing our business in the Southeast as well, so we're trying to grow both sides of our retail business. 
C. Palmer: Yes, Paul. I guess what I would say is that we continue to have a very robust market for distillate exports and frankly, it still continues to be both Europe as well as Latin and South America. 
C. Palmer: Yes, it's actually difficult to say a lot. At this point in time that we certainly are well aware of Capline and the low utilization, and there's been a lot of talk about reversing Capline. And certainly, we're well aware of the issues that are associated with that. It's complicated, not only from a partner standpoint but just from the use of the pipeline itself. So we are evaluating it now. We are looking at alternatives to that asset as well as other assets, but there's really not a lot more that we can say at this point in time. 
C. Palmer: Yes. Yes, it is a complete refinery turnaround. That's all it will be. We'll be down for that 70-day period of time. We will inspect all units, how things go in and turn around. If we get a few done early, we may start up a few of the small units, but with complete turnaround and tying in of the new systems we're putting in, I would say that we will reengage the systems in a very plant sequence. And I would doubt that you'll see much of the many of the process you going to lose coming up early. 
Donald Templin: Sure, Paul. The LLS crack spread in the fourth quarter of 2011 was -- the total was $135 million versus the $323 million. The sweet/sour differential was $53 million. The LLS prompt versus WTI prompt was $461 million. The LLS prompt versus delivered was a negative $179 million. Market structure was $15 million and then the direct operating costs were a negative $689 million. 
Donald Templin: Okay. Paul, hopefully, I got most of those questions. I think the first one was on the inventory question. Inventory was $6.8 billion above our reported cost. 
Donald Templin: For purposes of our cargo hedges, so the foreign crude purchases we are using Brent derivatives to float that price. 
Donald Templin: We had turnarounds in the first quarter and for whatever reasons, Paul, we just had lower throughputs. 
Donald Templin: Blake, this is Don. When we complete the program and that program we expect to complete in the next couple of months at the latest, we will evaluate a number of factors, including our cash position and the market. And we will be making a recommendation to our Board around how to continue that -- how to continue or what to do with that share repurchase program. So I would say it will be a fact and circumstance-based decision when this current program expires. 
Donald Templin: We've spent the money, Chi, and that money has been paid to the bank, but the bank is still in the process of purchasing and completing the share repurchase. We received 17.6 million shares to date, and we would expect, given sort of where pricing is currently, that the total shares repurchased will be in the 20 million share range. 
Donald Templin: Well, I mean we have -- there's 340 million shares currently, Chi, and if we would receive the other shares, I mean only a couple million more shares, so I would say 340 million is probably the number I would start with. 
Garry Peiffer: This is Garry Peiffer. For the first quarter, most of it was based on WTI derivatives, pricing, so essentially all of it in the first quarter, and as Gary mentioned, we're just switching in the second quarter. And if you look at most of April, there hasn't been much of a difference through the first 20 days or so, so fairly minor impact so far as we move to the second quarter. 
Garry Peiffer: This is Garry again. We're basically at E10 everywhere at the moment, so we're watching the developments on the expansion. But at this time, we have no plans to go beyond E10 in our blending. 
Garry Peiffer: I don't know. I would say, just off the top here without getting into the details, Faisel, that I think it's pretty balanced. If you look at Europe and compare that to South America, Latin America is probably fairly balanced. Gary, just add to... 
Garry Peiffer: Yes, I think the only thing to add is that as you probably now, both the House and the Senate recently passed a 90-day extension. So these 90-day extensions have really put a bit of a -- cast a lot of uncertainty over what funding is going to be there. So I think you know as Gary suggested, until we get a little more certainty as to what type of federal funding is going to be out there -- and federal state funding accounts about 80% of the total funding for Asphalt. So it's really until we get some resolution at the federal level as to what kind of funding we're going to have, we're just kind of -- it's a bit of a -- it's overshadowing everything else going on that market. So it's still a bit uncertain even considering the federal funding status. 
Garry Peiffer: Well, this is Garry Peiffer. We've been looking at that very closely, and you're right. We think that we can run between Canton and Catlettsburg maybe 20,000 to 30,000 barrels a day of condensate type crude, 20,000 or 30,000 barrels a day between the 2 facilities. But we're also looking at other opportunities around the system to run more condensate and I guess our opinion is that based upon the production forecast for condensate, we think for the foreseeable future, we could have an appetite to use up a lot of what's going to be available for quite a few years in that area. So we're looking at investments to do some of that but we think we have the facilities and we definitely are located in the right spot to be able to run it. 
Garry Peiffer: We're looking at alternatives, utilization of existing equipment, new equipment in our facilities and this is both at Canton, Catlettsburg and potentially, Robinson, as ways to use some of the condensate should it become available in the quantities being projected. 
Garry Peiffer: I think there's a lot of other outlets down there. That's kind of the -- a lot of opportunities for using those types of liquids in the Gulf Coast that we aren't really exploring those for the Texas City or Garyville. So we're strictly focusing on the Midwest, the Utica at the moment. 
Garry Peiffer: This is Garry Peiffer and really, it's kind of the same answer is, we look at a lot of things as ways to enhance the value of our core assets and we really can't comment on what we're doing, but we're looking at a lot of different alternatives all the time. 
Garry Peiffer: Yes. This is Garry Peiffer again. As you probably know, this is an undivided interest in this pipeline so there's 3 owners and we're all competing with one another to set tariffs in the ship volumes. So we have to be a little bit careful of how we talk about the pipeline. So the bottom line is, we're just 1 of 3 and we have to evaluate this on our interest but we don't control the overall investment in that line. 
