C. Michael Palmer: Gary, I think you addressed it pretty well. As you said, I think that the export market for us continues to be as good as it has been. We continue to grow volumes, and we don't expect that to change. So I think looking at the second quarter, the product inventories have been pretty well behaved relative to the crude inventories that have grown a lot. So right now, the second quarter looks pretty good.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes. Okay, Gary, that sounds fine. Yes, Ed. With regard to Sandpiper and SAX, it looks very positive for us. SAX, I think, we've cleared all the permitting hurdles that we've had. Construction is going to begin this summer. We would expect to see SAX operating sometime in the fourth quarter. With regard to Sandpiper, I think as we've talked about, we did have some permitting delays in Minnesota, but in April, the administrative law judge did basically rule in favor of the certificate of need. He made a recommendation to the Minnesota PUC that the project go forward and the certificate of need be granted. So that was very, very positive. And we're waiting on that ruling that will take place within the next couple of months, and then it will go into a routing hearing as well, but things look very positive to-date.
C. Michael Palmer: Okay, Neil. Yes, the LLS brand differentials of late have been near parity back and forth. I think currently, we're at about $1 spread with LL under Brent. If you look at the forward market, the forward market suggests that it ought to be in the $3 kind of range, and I think that's plausible. I do think that we still have some logistical constraints moving all of the light sweet down through Houston and of course, into the St. James area. And companies are working on that continually, but there is also, I think, a misconception in the market that we have this large overhang [Audio Gap] somewhere of this light sweet shale crude. And I guess, what I would say to you is, I don't think that's really the case. I think that -- first of all, I think the refiners have been doing a very good job of keeping up with the light sweet production that we've got in this country. We're running more than we've run in the past. We're not saturated within our Gulf Coast plants on the amount of light sweet that we could run. And I also think that the producers have done a better job of clearing the market than maybe, what, many people in the trade press understand. There's a lot of this light sweet crude that is going on foreign flagships to Canada. The number is in excess of 400,000 barrels a day. We've got another 50,000 barrels a day plus that goes on Jones Act vessels into the East Coast. That number fluctuates depending upon what the ARB is. But in addition to that, we've got another roughly 50,000 barrels a day of condensate exports that are occurring under the BIS rulings. So I would argue that the producers have done a pretty good job of clearing that market. I do think that as inventories continue to build mid-continent and more of those barrels maybe go to the South, you should see the differentials widen. And then again, that $3 level makes sense to us.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, Gary. Yes, Brad, it's going to have a significant impact for us. As you know, that pipeline runs from Enbridge's system in South Chicago down to Putoco, which is our hub. And today, if you look at our flexibility of bringing in either the Bakken crude or other Canadian crude, we pretty much limited that out with the logistical capability that we have today. And SAX, even before Sandpiper is completed, is going to give us that flexibility to increase the amount of crude that comes in from both of those sources. So it's a big deal for us. It's going to help the bottom line, certainly.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, Roger. I think, what we need to see is we need to see differentials, say, versus medium sour that are more compelling than what they've been. When we're constantly in the market, it is every day trying to optimize our crude slates, and we do that on a day-to-day basis with domestic barrels. So we have this option to buy light sweet crude. We have this option to buy medium sour crude, for example, at Garyville. And so we're constantly looking at the differentials to see which makes a higher margin. And honestly, between the light sweet crude that so many think has this huge overhang in the market. And therefore, you think it would be priced so that it was compelling to bring in, that's just simply not the case. We go back and forth between buying the medium sours versus the light sweet. So at some point, if the production rises enough and the producers don't clear it to another market, then we would see numbers that would allow us to run higher volumes of light sweet.
C. Michael Palmer: Well, I think what we tend to look at, again, is the differential of LLS versus our other alternatives. So of late, I think, again, when I talk about the competition with the medium sours, I mean, we've been seeing a differential between LLS and Mars, it's been in the $3 range, $3 to $4. So again, if that differential came into something less, then we would run more -- we would try and run more light sweet at those more economic numbers. But that's primarily what we look at.
Richard D. Bedell: Sure. I mean, we were in the middle of some of the integration projects of tying the 2 plants together. In fact, pipe rack is getting ready to go across between the 2 plants. But we have also been able to capture some synergies on crude and storage and utilizing the gas, oils and the cat crackers. So those items have all come to fruition. I don't know if, Mike -- if you have any other comments about -- shaking his head no. So -- but yes, we've been very pleased with the performance of Galveston Bay.
Richard D. Bedell: Yes, well, I think we run both Catlettsburg and Galveston Bay, basically, ran them full out through all this time period. We have a lot of people in the refining organization within the company. We've got waiting lists of people to go in if need be. So we're well-equipped to staff Galveston Bay for as long as it takes. And like Gary said, we've run -- we set production rates. We've lowered our -- I mean, our costs are down, our rates are up. So it's been doing a great job by the people at Galveston Bay and Catlettsburg.
Richard D. Bedell: Sure, Doug. Our gas sensitivity -- so $1 change in the natural gas prices is around $140 million after-tax on an annual basis. And with respect to the first quarter of '15 versus the first quarter of '14, there was about an $80 million benefit in the other manufacturing cost line related to the lower energy costs.
Richard D. Bedell: The big piece of it last year, I think, was all the heavy turnaround activity that we had, Doug. So we can walk through individual components, but last year, you will recall, we had very, very heavy turnaround activity, which was a detriment to that quarter. And this quarter really is the absence of all of that turnaround activity.
Gary R. Heminger: And the other thing that I would add to that, Evan, is in my comments, I talked about $830 million of CapEx with $650 million of EBITDA. Part of that comes from Galveston Bay. And if you recall, in the first 2 years we operated in Galveston Bay, we really were going in and doing turnarounds, trying to get the plant operationally headed towards our method of operating and some of our operational excellence metrics. So we're just now starting into the process of being able to capture some of these low-hanging fruits that we think have outstanding returns. And that's why I stated $830 million of CapEx was $650 million of EBITDA per year. Part of that is coming from Galveston Bay. And as you can recognize, those are very high returns.
Gary R. Heminger: And Ed, on Capline, really no news from when we spoke last. As I've stated before, technically, it's not very complex to reverse a pipeline like this. It just takes time, and you have to have everything in order, so that you can continue to move barrels from the South to the North, if you were to reverse this. But as I've said -- as I've stated before, and I gave a speech at the CERA conference last week, where we had a few questions on this as well. We're still in the throes of discussing with the other owners the interest in doing so, and it's going to continue to take some time, I believe, to get all of the owners on the same page that this appears to be the right thing to do.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, clearly, Neil, there are different structures and avenues that you can take. We have looked at those over time, and they do not make sense to us at this time to consider other types of structures. First and foremost is to get the what we now call Speedway East fully transitioned, converted over into the type of operation that Tony runs, which I'm very pleased with how the progress that they're making, both in getting the stores converted, and secondly, the inside sales results bump that we're starting to see. So those are the key things. And we started an MLP with -- back in 2012, and that has been very fruitful for starting that, and we've talked about the fuels distribution. And in order to be able to do a fuel's distribution piece inside our MLP is we're counting on these volumes to be there. So I would just say that we remain flexible, we have many options that we could play down the road if we wanted to, and we'll just continue to analyze.
Gary R. Heminger: Okay. I'll let Don or Mike handle the RIN cost. As far as the U.S. economy, we're continuing to see strong diesel demand across all the pads, kind of 1.3% to 1.5% increase in distillate demand, which I think is really a precursor to how the economy continues to move. And these are -- I think these are good increases based on last year's substantial increase as well. So the thing that is a bit of, I wouldn't say concerning. But as we tried to reconcile the numbers that come out from a number of the government agencies and other groups who put out numbers, I think the gasoline demand, I don't believe, and it's just not Marathon's numbers -- look at what other competitors are saying in their earnings calls and talking to a number of our jobbers as well. The numbers are coming out from the EIA, on gasoline demand did not quite sync with what we really believe the gasoline demand is looking like. I think they are a bit overstated. But when I look back then at Tony's merchandise sales and customers in the store, we certainly are capturing increases in merchandise sales across his entire chain, which tells us that the customers are there. And I think especially here in the first quarter, we had so many areas that were hampered by very challenging storms, both Midwest, Northeast. And then in the Southeast mid-first quarter, we had a number of stores that were closed because of weather. So I think as we get out into the second quarter, we're going to have a much better barometer on how gasoline demand is going herein. Starting off in April's business, we're up a little bit on gasoline demand so far in the month. So I'll turn it over then to Don to talk about the RINs.
Gary R. Heminger: We still would -- we pretty much have finished all the front-end engineering, and we won't look at this again until the fourth quarter. We are working on the budgets for next year and the years following. And Chi, as you can recognize it, it's all -- is going to be revolve around where we see the overall commodity price going over the next number of years.
Gary R. Heminger: Sure, Paul. I think our primary drivers around how we're viewing that is, again, how we're situated on a core liquidity perspective as sort of our first prime mover. Core liquidity, in the environment of lower prices, that actually declines to some extent, but again, we'll continue to manage the cash position of the corporation in accordance with the needs. The slightly slower pace in first quarter is not reflective of any change in approach or belief that the shares were appropriately valued. Or otherwise, we still think the shares are substantially undervalued. And again, we'll continue to assess our capital and cash situation as we go and make adjustments. Share repurchase certainly affords us the best lever to make those adjustments, and we'll continue to use it as such.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes. I mean, the debt was, at a static level, unchanged, but with the role of LTM EBITDA, we actually had more earnings. So the debt-to-EBITDA decline really as a result of earnings growth as opposed to debt reduction. But yes, Paul, we're very much in the comfort zone with regard to where we think we need to be on maintaining an investment-grade profile, and we'll continue to manage it that way.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes. In fact, if you look at some of the announcements yesterday about how Saudi Aramco is going to really increase their supply efforts, and I think try to increase the market share into the Asian market, namely China. There are big questions about the Yanbu refinery coming up in Jubail soon to be operating, if that's going to affect the U.S. market. I was over there just a few weeks ago, and it's clear to me that the output from those refineries is going to head east. They have the best economics because they have the best transportation costs to go east with that product, and I think that's directionally where it is expected to go. And even though China has global markets, when you look at the global markets and specifically at China, that demand within their economy has fallen a bit. It's still up year-on-year, and I would -- we would love to have those types of increases here in the U.S. of continued to -- how they are achieving growth in their markets. So if you go back to the crude side though, and I've said this on the call we had for the fourth quarter and in several energy conferences, you still need and I think, investors need to look at where the crude is moving in the world. We're continuing to see very strong markets for imports of crude into the U.S. You're seeing more of the medium sours coming in. And those who have the equipment to be able to run medium sour, you look at our numbers for this quarter, we ran about 56% medium sour. That's up from where we've been. And the reason being, it's every day we're buying the best barrel in the marketplace, and medium sours certainly have been a very, very attractive barrel for us. When it comes back to say that there's still, I think -- I know Marathon, I don't know about all the other refiners, but it would suggest there's still -- we have a lot of opportunity to run other light sweet crudes if they are marketed competitively with these medium sours. And therefore, these medium sours are coming in from foreign locations. So what that tells you is we believe we're going to continue to see inventory growing in Cushing, in PADD III. And as inventory continues to grow, as you can see the contango market out there, we're pretty close, I think, to the top end of operational capacity, Doug, in the tanks and Cushing and some other markets. And why I say operational capacity is, as a refiner, we want to be very careful that we don't degradate a type of crude that we're buying, that ends up getting blended in with other crudes if you are sharing tankage. So we're pretty close to, I would say, to the high end of operating capacity. And I think then from watch foreign imports, watch the inventory growth, and I still believe that you're going to see here in the second quarter, spreads start to widen out.
Gary R. Heminger: That's what's good, Phil, is that we have the optionalities and the flexibility to go either way. We aren't beholden to -- like some who are not -- maybe do not have the balance sheet to be able to do certain acquisitions. We have that flexibility. If you go back to the color I just answered on Doug's question, if there is -- if we look at wider spreads going forward into the second quarter, there could be pressure as we go out into the second, third quarter. We'll see where our crude prices go, but there could be some further pressure that may open up the M&A activity a little more.
Gary R. Heminger: Sure, Phil. And we have Tony on the line who's operating these stores every day. And so let me have Tony handle that.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, as I stated, I think it was on the first question. Something that we're watching very carefully. The inventories and the product exports still within the industry are much more skewed to distillate then to gasoline. However, gasoline is picking up namely to Latin America countries. And we see that, that is going to continue. But you're right, and that's why, when I stated earlier, also, to keep an eye on the EIA numbers that come out and what demand appears to be. We're not seeing, and I still think it comes down to being able to reconcile all the exports back to -- within the government numbers within their model. So it -- you make a good point, something that we manage and we watch every day, is to watch how the inventories continue to move. The key is going to be clearing out all the bad weather we had in the first quarter, and hopefully, getting down to a clean second quarter, where we really can measure what the gasoline demand is across the U.S. And once I have those optics, obviously, I'm going to be able to answer your question better, but we're watching inventories very, very carefully. But also, I'm seeing very significant growth in the export market.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yes. Chi, this is Tim. I don't think your math is flawed. Ultimately, the -- our interest was to grow the partnership pretty substantially so that it had a base of earnings and the size and scale that would allow to pursue projects on its own. So it is possible that in the first couple of years, the coverage will run a little higher than our 1.1 target over that time period.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, there will be a natural migration back to about 1.1 over the course of the next several years. But again, over these first couple, you could well see a coverage ratio that's well above. So for how we have dropped assets thus far and our anticipated growth for MPLX, we'll see an earnings growth that probably will outpace the distribution growth early on and then those will sort of converge over time.
Timothy T. Griffith: Sure. Paul, the -- I think the biggest piece of that $503 million that we show in direct operating costs were just, frankly, the absence of a lot of the turnaround costs that were recorded in the first quarter of last year on the year-over-year walk. The volume impact on that, we'll have to come back to you on specifically, but that -- by far, the biggest driver there was just the absence of turnaround activity relative to first quarter last year.
