Garry L. Peiffer: Thanks, Gary. As Gary just said, MPC intends for MPLX to be its primary vehicle to own, operate and grow its midstream business. MPLX's initial assets include a 51% equity interest in a network of FERC-regulated common carrier crude oil and product pipeline assets located in the Midwest and Gulf Coast regions, and a 100% interest in a recently-constructed 1 million barrel butane cavern located in West Virginia near our Catlettsburg, Kentucky refinery. This equity infrastructure gives MPC the opportunity to offer additional equity interests in these assets to MPLX over time. This provides MPLX distribution growth opportunities in addition to the growth we expect from increased revenues, organic investments, acquisitions and drop downs of other midstream assets retained by MPC. We announced on October 26 that we sold 19.9 million common units or 26.4% of MPLX in the IPO. MPC, through its subsidiaries, holds a 2% general partnership interest and the remaining limited partner interest in MPLX. These percentages reflect the fact that the underwriters did exercise in full their option to purchase an additional 15% of the common units offered in the IPO. We priced the common units at $22 per common unit, which was above the initial offering range of $19 to $21. The initial annualized minimum quarterly distribution on these units will be $1.05, which equates to a yield of 4.77%. This annualized yield represents the lowest yield ever for the Initial Public Offering of an MLP. We believe this record low IPO yield reflects the attractive initial assets and growth potential of MPLX. IPO proceeds totaled $438 million, of which MPC received $203 million. The balance was retained by MPLX to cover fees and expenses of the initial public offering and to pre-fund $192 million of organic growth projects. At MPC, our goal is to make every business we operate best-in-class, and we are focused on making MPLX a best-in-class MLP. Highlighted on this next chart are the 4 primary pillars that should allow MPLX to accomplish this objective. MPLX's initial assets will be fee-based businesses and will primarily consist of one of the largest pipeline systems in the U.S. based on the volume of crude and refined products delivered. The initial MPLX asset base has attractive organic growth prospects, anchored by increasing FERC-based tariffs and stable throughput volumes. To foster this organic growth, MPLX has retained $192 million of IPO proceeds to pre-fund identified organic capital spending over the next 2 years. Additionally, our assets are located in the heart of the Midwest infrastructure buildout, where we believe there are significant additional potential organic investment opportunities to grow MPLX. MPC has a large portfolio of MLP qualifying assets, including the 49% retained interest in MPLX's initial pipeline assets that can be offered to MPLX over time to help us achieve our desired annual distribution growth rate. MPLX also has -- also will have significant third-party opportunities that can evaluate independently or in conjunction with MPC. A recent example of these opportunities is the Letter of Intent that MPC signed with Harvest Pipeline Company to jointly develop infrastructure that will facilitate transportation on the Ohio River of hydrocarbon liquids production from the Utica Shale in Eastern Ohio and Western Pennsylvania. At MPC, we pride ourselves on maintaining our assets in a first-class manner, and we'll continue to do so at MPLX. We have studied the MPL universe for many years, and we believe we know what it takes to position MPLX to be a best-in-class MLP as demonstrated by the success of MPLX's initial public offering. Now I'll turn over the call to Don Templin to provide a more detailed update on the financial results for the third quarter.
Garry L. Peiffer: This is Garry Peiffer. We're basically limited to what we disclosed in the prospectus, the S-1, which in the S-1, essentially we disclosed the physical characteristics of those assets but not the EBITDA, which at this point we haven't done a calculation on a GAAP basis of. So the answer to that question is no. But as you know, and as I said, the one asset we do have that has obvious EBITDA associated with it is the 49% interest in the MPLX's pipeline assets we're retaining. So that had an EBITDA of roughly $90 million in our pro forma 2013 results. So that is the one fairly obvious indicator we have of a drop-down type of asset.
Garry L. Peiffer: Well, yes, this is Garry Peiffer. That is just our estimate of what U.S. demand growth will be in 2013. And really, it's offsetting the dramatic loss this year of almost -- we're figuring probably 2% to 2.5%. So when you combine the negative effect this year with the positive net effect next year, it's a fairly small gain overall.
Garry L. Peiffer: Yes, this is Garry Peiffer. I think it's hopefully fairly obvious, and this is what we stated in the prospectus of that, we didn't essentially [ph] do this Initial Public Offering as a means to generate cash flow. Obviously, we don't have a balance sheet that needs repairing or anything like that. So our primary objective by the creation of MPLX is to, as we stated, own and operate and really grow our downstream -- our midstream assets. So our primary focus is on growing MPLX. And I think our dividend strategy, and Don can comment as well, isn't changing. We're looking at dividends like we always have, and this is just another part of the levers that we have to grow our cash at the MPC level as well.
Garry L. Peiffer: Yes, and this is Garry again. It's a little bit of both. As we -- as I stated, we're leaving $192 million of the IPO proceeds within MPLX to really fund some organic projects we've identified at this point, primarily related to 2013 -- excuse me, 2014. But we've also been doing things at the MPC level, like I mentioned, with the Harvest Pipeline to expand some of our transportation, logistical assets in the Utica area. So it's going to really depend upon what is the profile of the project in terms of EBITDA growth in the future. Because the thing we did, obviously, with the MLP assets we contributed originally to the MPLX was these are fee-based, very stable, very predictable type of assets that we want to continue to grow MPLX using that same profile if possible.
Garry L. Peiffer: Jeff, we've not disclosed -- I guess it's probably appropriate to follow up maybe on the details with Beth after the call, I guess. In terms of kind of the 2 driving factors, in our -- as an example, in our sweet/sour differential calculation, there's an assumed sour basket in there. And when our actual crudes that we acquire differ from that assumed sour basket, we have a mix differential that drives that. And same thing in the 6-3-2-1 crack spread, there's a spot, there's an assumed spot product price. And when our wholesale realizations differ from those assumed spot product prices, we also have a differential. So probably best for Beth to walk you through kind of the details on that offline.
Garry L. Peiffer: And Chi, one additional thing I thought of after your question on diesel demand. As you probably recall, although you didn't experience maybe in Denver, the East Coast had unusually warm first quarter this first year. PADD I demand was down 13%. So we're not expecting a repeat of the demand we had in 2013 -- that we had in 2012. So that is really getting more back to normal winter weather would be also a big contributor to the increase in 2013.
Gary R. Heminger: No, Ed. We have not been able to do that yet. Of course, we have our forecasts internally, but we have not sat down with the regulators nor through our CA can we make that available yet. But as we go through the process here of preparing to complete this transaction, we'll be meeting with the regulators later in the quarter.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, as we look at the total demand so far this year -- and we're up against a period -- while we were down here this quarter, if you look at last year, it appears the economy had picked up a little bit then last year. So we were up against a strong quarter in 2011. But as we look at over-the-road diesel, we're looking at the portal movements, we're looking at the over-the-road 18-wheel transportation movements as well as the exports to Latin America, Europe, South America, we're expecting to see that type of growth across our system.
Gary R. Heminger: Say, Doug, on the permitting process, I must admit that we have been, I think, very pleased our permitting if we go back to Garyville and Detroit. And then some additional permitting we've done, we have in the areas of the country in which we operate and the transparency in which we operate, I think we've been very successful in being able to gain the permits in a timely manner. So I do understand some of the issues that some of the competitors have discussed, possibly on the West Coast and those issues. But the markets, again, in which we operate, we've been very successful. Now you asked on when we're looking at -- when we were looking at BP, I didn't catch the last part of your question.
Gary R. Heminger: Faisel, I think it's all price. If you look at the retail price this year versus the same time last year, if you look at the last 3 or 4 years how that retail price and the -- really the discretionary demand, how it changed the different retail price levels, I would say that, that price level now seems to be $3.50. Once you get over $3.50, the discretionary demand seems to drop. We're seeing right now here in the month of October that demand has picked up because we got below the $3.50 range. So I would say it's all price level. And as you know, over the summer, early fall, we got up close to $4, and that's really been the determining factor.
Gary R. Heminger: What we have always said, Faisel, is that we want to make sure that we are in position to have first mover advantage. The Utica area is still under the front end of trying to determine what the flow properties are going to be and how that area is going to be produced. Again, it is just -- it is ramping up slowly. So we have set up the option in order to be able to, if we want and working with Harvest, to be able to develop this way to offload crude. And again, we believe our 2 refineries, Canton, Ohio, and then Catlettsburg, probably provide the best 2 transportation alternatives in the marketplace. So therefore, we want to be out front in determining what the best options are going forward.
Gary R. Heminger: And recall, Roger, when we built Garyville, our strategy was to, unlike most refineries in the U.S., to make this a much heavier output of diesel -- around 50% is gasoline, 50% is diesel. We've been able to outperform on the capacity throughput from what our initial design was, therefore make some additional diesel. And then also, we've had some projects in the budget here in 2012 and '13 that we're increasing some of our throughput. Let me ask Rich to go a little more into detail, your increase out of the cat and the hydrocracker at Garyville.
Gary R. Heminger: The Texas City refinery is more on the lower diesel distillate yield, probably in the low 30% type number. And it has a much larger petrochemical output. It has a very large aromatics, para-xylene and those sort of yields. So it is actually, like I say, low 30% type distillate yields. It's a combination of diesel and jet fuel.
Gary R. Heminger: Ed, it's too early for us to decide until we get this transaction under our belt. But I would expect that we will not be breaking things out in that micro of a level going forward.
Gary R. Heminger: Well actually, if the ethylene crackers go to more of an ethane feedstock, their propylene yields decline considerably. So you look at the overall propylene balance as these crackers go to lighter and lighter feedstocks, the propylene market -- the propylene supply declines. So I think that the propylene market will be fine.
Gary R. Heminger: I guess, I don't think we're running any -- I mean, I'm not sure I can point to anything specific, Evan. I mean, Garyville is running very well, and I guess our view around fourth quarter is that all of our plants will be up and running, including Detroit. The other thing is that, as you remember, Robinson was in turnaround for part of July. And so I think it's really a combination of all those factors that's driving that. I'm not sure one individual facility is making the difference.
Gary R. Heminger: The yields on Detroit, I think that we have slightly more gasoline and slightly more diesel because we're raising the crude rate, but proportions are pretty close to what they are right now. And Chi, you know that we'll stay with our plan of not giving forward guidance on turnarounds.
C. Michael Palmer: Well, I guess when we look at light/heavy, to be honest, I mean, the most important thing that we look at is really on the Canadian side because that's where most of the heavy crude is going to come from. And we -- you've seen those spreads that have widened out. We expect that certainly into the first and second quarter, that those spreads will remain wide. I think if you look at an LLS/Mars differential, those kinds of spreads ought to be very related to whatever the heavy product market does. It should follow closely.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, Jeff, I'd be happy to. I guess there's probably 3 things that I would comment on. First of all, I think that the widening, the severe widening of the differentials started when Keystone discovered an anomaly in their pipeline. I think it was in the Missouri area. And they had to shut down for maintenance, and they were down for about 5 days. So when they're operating a little over 500,000 barrels a day, they backed 2.5 million barrels of primarily heavy crude back into the market. And the differentials started widening out considerably at that point. Of course, that happened just recently, and we're at a point where we're ending the asphalt season. And historically, the heavy dis in Canada has started to widen up during that period anyway. And then there have been some upgrader problems of late as well. So with the particular problem that I'm thinking of, it's going to reduce the amount of light synthetic available, but it's going to increase the amount of heavy crude that they'll be blending and making available in the market. So as usual, there's a number of issues that are going on. But we would expect that these wider differentials are normal, now that we're out of the asphalt season, will continue.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, that's primarily where the heavies will be sourced from, on the Enbridge line. And yes, we're in very good shape from a capacity standpoint, that shouldn't be a problem. And we'll have a basket of heavy crudes that actually come into Detroit. But WCS is the typical heavy marker.
Donald C. Templin: Arjun, this is Don. I think it's probably not appropriate for me to comment on sort of our specific plans. But I will say that over the last year, I think we've had a really strong track record of returning capital to shareholders. And I think you should expect that, that will continue into the future. We have a discussion with our board regularly about the most appropriate ways to return capital to shareholders, and they are committed as we are to doing that regularly.
Donald C. Templin: We have not put out a 2013 CapEx number yet, Arjun. I would say that from a -- as we're thinking about a MPC excluding BP Texas City, we would probably be in the range that we were 2011 and 2012. And then we're working through, obviously, the budget related to the acquisition itself. So we're more likely to be able to give that color in a couple of months' time.
Donald C. Templin: Sure. Eli, this is Don. Working capital is $4.2 billion, current assets were $12.5 billion, and current liabilities were $8.3 billion. The amount by which the fair market value of inventory exceeds our book inventory is about $6.2 billion.
Donald C. Templin: Well, I guess we have said that we think having a very strong base dividend is really important. I mean it's important to management and the board, and we know it's important to our investors. So we will continue, and we have a regular discussion with our board at least quarterly about base dividend. We did increase it 40% just 1 quarter ago, and so we will continue to evaluate it every quarter and have meaningful discussion with our board about it. I mean, we think that's the sort of the base around which we target return on capital. So we always want to have a very strong base dividend.
Richard D. Bedell: No. I mean, we've looked at that, and we're in good shape. I mean, they're operating with their permits right now and those will be assigned over, we'll transfer those permits, operating permits, over to Marathon. In fact, that process is ongoing right now.
Richard D. Bedell: Yes, normally, what we're talking there you're swinging maybe about 5% of your output you can swing from gasoline and diesel on those lines.
Richard D. Bedell: Oh, okay. Sure. I will. Certainly, the hydrocracker, and we've also talked about the expansion of the hydrocracker project there and the expansion of the cat cracker that we did, both those bring more distillate stocks out. So we've got projects there as well as Catlettsburg for recovering more distillate and gas oil out of our existing crude units. So all those are projects. And the other one is the Robinson. We've announced that we're -- we have a hydrocracker project there which will shift the yields from gasoline to more towards distillate.
