Kristina Kazarian: Welcome to Marathon Petroleum Corp's fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. The slides that accompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investor Center tab. On the call today are Gary Heminger, Chairman and CEO; Greg Goff, Executive Vice Chairman; Tim Griffith, CFO; Don Templin, President of Refining, Marketing and Supply; Mike Hennigan, President of MPLX; as well as other members of the executive team. We invite you to read the safe harbor statement on Slide 2. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the call and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included there as well as in our filings with the SEC. I will turn the call over to Gary Heminger for opening remarks on Slide 3.
Kristina Kazarian: Thanks, Tim. As we open the call for your questions, as a courtesy to all participants, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If time permits, we'll re-prompt for additional questions. With that, we'll now open the call to questions.
Kristina Kazarian: Perfect. Operator, thank you for everyone for your interest in Marathon Petroleum Corporation. Should you have additional questions or would like clarification on topics discussed this morning, we will be available to take your calls. And with that, thank you so much for joining us.
GaryHeminger: Sure. And that's a great question, Neil. And if you look at Speedway same-store sales, I think the majority of this is a result of the weather we've had. But on the counter to that, the weather in the refining system, especially in PADD II and in PADD IV, the Polar Vortex has really had an effect on the industry, not just Marathon, but the industry refining system. We expect, and you're not seeing it in the numbers yet, Neil, you'll see it over the next couple of weeks. But if you look at the number of refineries that have had some sort of maintenance issues, not turnaround, just maintenance issues due to the Polar Vortex, we think probably 6 million to 7 million barrels of gasoline and distillate come out of the refining system here in the month of February. Back to the first part of your question on, is the inventory is -- are we in a cycle and, we always build inventory in the first quarter to get ready for the summer grade gasoline. And so as we deplete the gasoline inventory of the winter grade, we have all the tankage and logistics setup to be able to start inventorying that gasoline. But I think the most important thing and then the number I gave you, 6 million to 7 million, that is above and beyond whatever turnarounds. It appears as though the turnarounds within the industry are going to be a little bit later in the first quarter this year, than has been normal, which I think will have an effect on gasoline inventories as well, as you know, distillate inventories are in very good shape. And, yes, we're at the top end of the four-year average if you look at that or the 5-year average, whichever one you pay attention to, we're at the top end of that, but you're going to see inventories decline. I would say rapidly because of some of the issues the industry has had, and you're going to see a later turnaround -- or later first quarter turnarounds than normal.
GaryHeminger: Well, it would be very nice if you could annualize things based off the fourth quarter. But as you know, the fourth quarter had some very key attributes that were a benefit to us with the drop in crude price which allowed a higher capture margin than that is normal. But I would say we're very optimistic on what we presented at Analyst Day, Neil's question that he just posed about EBITDA and share buybacks going so far, what happens if it is more of a sluggish year than we had anticipated, but we still are very bullish on the year, in fact, I think, Phil you had written some things earlier about gasoline as kind of an associated byproduct, I think you used that term, we believe, especially and unfortunately what has happened here with the Polar Vertex that has taken a number of systems down and as you build those systems back up, it's going to clean up the inventory in the system. But I think, we're going to get into the second quarter and very likely see should you be max gasoline or should be max distillate and I would anticipate will be distillate, but I think you could see that scenario and then as we go out into the second part of the year, you're going to see, I think the effects of the ultra low-sulfur diesel start to kick in the marketplace. So we feel very bullish about what we presented on our Analyst Day of $12.9 billion as you suggested, and we'll see where the balance of the year takes us.
GaryHeminger: Right, Manav. First of all, let me compliment you, you are the first out this morning with your analysis and I thought you did a good job on your quick outlook. The retail, Tony and his team had a phenomenal year -- a phenomenal fourth quarter. As you know, the year started off a little bit slow, but we saw a ramp up in merchandise sales, a ramp up in merchandise margin, but really for the most part, it was the volume through now total Speedway that we were able to capture very strong margins and across the entire sector of Speedway as well as a direct retail part of our business was very strong for the quarter. As we look going forward, and this is one of the real bright spots, when Greg and I worked on putting these companies together, one of the real bright spots was the retail side that we thought through synergies and through our marketing ability and I talked earlier about a 70% of our volume is going to our retail chains either the Speedway side or the Marathon brand or direct retail and that I think helps prop up the refining side, it helps prop up the retail side, and while we had very strong margins in the 4th quarter, I wouldn't expect them to continue at that high of a rate. But as I look through the first part of the year, we continue to perform very well across the entire retail sector.
GaryHeminger: Well, you're being very kind Manav, but I would look at retail and we've had this discussion -- I had this discussion on Analyst Day, the synergy walk that you're going to see with this transaction is a bit different than other synergy walks. Lot of times you'll see synergies upfront and then a very long and slow tail, if you will, of synergies. Whereas these synergies are going to be more of a stair-step going forward, and the stair-step, I mean, we've already done -- Don talked about 170 stores that we have already re-ID'd and Minnesota. We're now in Southwest Texas, we are going to start in Arizona here soon, and New Mexico of re-ID'ing and developing those stores into the Speedway mark. So I was in Arizona last week and had a full market tour and there's so many opportunities there that I can -- I am holding my breath that we can get going as soon as possible. But then it is going to take a little bit longer as we go into California and some of the other western states to get things permitted. So you're going to see more of a stair-step, and I would say year two is even going to have higher synergies and year three higher synergies than the Hess model. The Hess model, we were able to get in about 18 to 24 months to get everything re-ID'ed and get tremendous synergy more on the inside of the store. Here we have to take and go and completely redo the stores to get those into the Speedway type of operations. But, yes, we are very bullish on the synergies that are there. I do believe that there can be some upside in the retail synergies and stay tuned.
GaryHeminger: The numbers I gave you were more probably PADD II, PADD III -- excuse me PADD II and PADD IV. And I would say that another way to look at this, Roger, I should've mentioned this earlier, that because this is really a precursor to I think the inventories coming. Look at the way gasoline crack spreads have gone in the last 7 days, they're up about $7, $8 a barrel from where they were just a week to 10 days ago, and that's because of the market having to rebalance, to take care of these shortages. So you clearly are going to see this inventory come down and come more into balance here in the next few weeks. And the best metric to look at is where the gas crack in PADD II is and PADD IV today and you've seen that they've come up substantially over the last seven to 10 days.
GaryHeminger: Right. And I would say that Venezuela was not a surprise to us. I think the president was very clear in his messaging and administration was very clearly messaging upfront on what might come about. As Rick stated earlier, we were well prepared and had eliminated for the most part a cargo here or there, but eliminated anything from Venezuela in our steady diet. As to Iran, I think you'll continue to see the discussions and sanctions in and around Iran; you're going to continue to see, I would say the same discussions. Probably the thing to keep close eye on though, Paul, as we all read yesterday of how some of the Middle East producers and Russia are looking to kind of have a sub-pact inside of OPEC, that's probably something more important to really keep our eye on what that might mean, on how they're trying to really be able to balance the global crude market.
GaryHeminger: I think it's too early to tell, I think this, what I just discussed and what's being written in the media a lot about Middle East producers and Russia, they are the powerful producers. I think that will be a much more powerful combination than an OPEC type of an issue.
GaryHeminger: Not at this time, Paul, we have plenty to say grace over here. I've worked through my career, I've worked through those cycles many times and I don't see that that would be on our wish list at this time. End of Q&A
RickHessling: Yes, hi, Phil, Rick Hessling. Good question. As we look at all the new pipelines that are slated or rumored to come online. If you look, there is a large majority of them that are looking to point to the Eastern Gulf Coast. So from our vantage point that's a positive to MPC as you all know, we have Garyville on the Eastern Gulf Coast with a large appetite for both sweets and heavies and when we look at the differentials, we see it as a positive. We will get pipeline connectivity to advantage barrels -- WTI advantage barrels as well as Canadian heavy and light in time. So we actually view the connectivity as a win for us and we are bullish production and the basins where that product -- where that crude oil will be coming from. So for us, it's a big plus.
RickHessling: I think you're going to continue to see pressures on light-heavies as we are today. We're in a zone where obviously because of sanctions, because of the stance that OPEC has taken, the medium sours, the heavies, they are commanding a premium. We continue to see that and I guess to tag on to that, when you look at what the sanctions, speaking of Venezuela, what they have done and I think it's been very well documented in the press that we stepped away from those barrels quite a while ago quite frankly. So from a supply perspective, we're not exposed one bit whatsoever. We see those replacement barrels being AG barrels, Arabian Gulf barrels, as well as predominantly Latin American barrels. So it will continue to stay tight, but I would tell you with our added flexibility between the US Eastern Gulf Coast and the US Eastern West Coast and our West Coast facilities, our flexibility, I think as Don touched on earlier with synergies really, this plays into our hand more so than anyone in the industry that we can optimize between those plants, between grades and really drive the most value for our shareholders.
RickHessling: Yes, Paul, this is Rick, just to tag on to what Mike said. So when you look at both the Enbridge System and Keystone XL and the timing of their potential -- or their potential increases in capacity, it really lines out well with bringing an incremental barrel into Patoka to take down Capline.
RickHessling: Yes, Prashant, I'd just -- this is Rick Hessling, I'd like to add just a few comments to that. So from a crude sourcing aspect, it's an incredible synergy to have the Pacific Coast and the West Coast as part of our footprint. We're able to take Canadian now to the West Coast, to the Pacific Coast as well as Ray mentioned Bakken, and this expanded footprint gives us the ultimate flexibility to guide a barrel there, to guide barrel to St. Paul Park or to guide of barrel into PADD II for our four refineries there. And then in addition to that, our foreign purchasing strategy enables us to toggle barrels between the US Gulf Coast to those regions as well. So never before have we had this flexibility and this is as Don stated earlier, a large part of our synergy. So a true advantage for both the West Coast and the Pacific Coast.
RaymondBrooks: Yes, sure Gary. Even though the heavy depths have tightened in a bit, we never met a heavy unit that we didn't like to fill. So our cokers have resid hydrocrackers or deasphalting units. We're still running those out and capturing the differentials that are out there, the balance of the crude slate, Rick goes out and his team and get us the best mix take that he can. So today we're running about 50-50 across our slate, about 50% sours, 50% sweet.
RaymondBrooks: Sure, yes, a couple of questions, the first as far as the sweet/sour split and I mentioned that we're roughly 50/50 here today. We have capability and historically we've said that we're two-thirds, one-third, that we could go either way. Now with our new system with 16 plants, it's a little bit different. We can go up to 70% sweet and so we have a little bit more flexibility on the sweet side, but Paul, day in and day out, we're running our LP models at all 16 plants and we're working with Rick's team to bring the crude slate that's going to make us the most profitable across the whole system, and right now, that's where we're laying at about 50/50 percent on that. The second, the second question had as far as distillate production, we're right now distillate production about 40% -- 41% of crude for our distillate. We absolutely have everything within our control pointed to distillate production if things would change and we'd want to go to a max gasoline mode. We have up to about 10% with cut point swing streams that we could direct back into the gasoline pool.
RaymondBrooks: Gary would be pretty mad at me if we weren't already doing that, Paul. We've got everything pointed to the distillate pool that we can and out of the gasoline pool. Now, I'm going to take a little flip on that from the standpoint of, you're trying to say swing from gasoline to swing to diesel, the other knot that you have is less gasoline and again we take gasoline production. Again, we take -- we take our notes from what the market gives us and we saw about a month ago -- we saw the incentive that, hey, we should cut our cat crackers and, A, not buy outside gas oil for some of our cat crackers and, B, sell some gas oil where we have the opportunity and we did that when the gas oil -- sweet gas oil price was about $0.15 over the 70/30 split, we made those moves and then as economics changed, then we changed our operations accordingly. So that's not a shift from gasoline to diesel, but that was just looking at the pure economics of gasoline.
RaymondBrooks: Sure, West Coast OpEx is definitely something that's high on our radar right now. We're historically used to operating in the US Gulf Coast, Midwest and seeing numbers that are magnitude lower than what we have right now. If we look at our OpEx projection for the first quarter in the West Coast, some of that is driven by, we do have some turnaround activity going on right now at LAR, we have some turnaround in the Wilmington alky that's associated with the LAR project and so that's implied in our OpEx, but in general, we see a real opportunity and an incentive for us to want to bring that down. We talked a little bit about this at Analyst Day when we showed the Galveston Bay performance in the six years that we have had that refinery and that we brought that from a port cortile down to what we view as a midpoint OpEx refinery and we'll utilize the same Galveston Bay play book on the West Coast and look for opportunities to bring those costs down too.
RaymondBrooks: Yes, I would just say this will play into our whole synergy playbook, but we're looking at how we can better utilize, better optimize the four refineries on the West Coast; Kenai, Anacortes, Martinez, and LA. Andeavor historically had done a really good job of that. We think there's additional opportunities, I'll say with IMO coming, beginning in the next year to maybe move some of the heavy streams from the -- and I'll say from Kenai, Anacortes down to our LA refineries where we have more processing capabilities. The other thing I'll say relative to Anacortes is that refinery, it's on the West Coast but has a very good crude advantage with the Bakken and being able to bring in unit trains, and so we're really excited about what we've seen thus far with their capability from a crude processing standpoint. Kenai, a little bit smaller of an asset you know at 60,000-ish barrels a day, with more of a limited marketing presence, but we still think there's opportunities within that tool kit within the refinery configuration to optimize that a little bit going forward. As Gary said that we're four months into this, we are spending a lot of time analyzing the assets at each of the refineries and there'll be more to come at more of these earnings call, but I'd say the biggest thing that we're focused on right now is really just making sure, one, we understand the cost structure on the Pacific Coast and, two, we get a game plan how to make that lower.
