Gary R. Heminger: Sure. And let me have Mike Palmer who, of course, is in charge of buying 2 million barrels a day. Let me have Mike get into the details here.
Gary R. Heminger: And, Chi, the other thing is, we've talked about this before with you and other analysts, we have the ability to run two-thirds sweet or two-thirds sour. And so, we have tremendous flexibility. Here in the first quarter, we almost topped out at close to two-thirds, probably can run a little bit more of sour, but it just shows the tremendous flexibility we have to go back and forth and take advantage of whichever crude gives us the best economics; and we answer that question every day. So, I think that flexibility, along with Mike's comments, is really what gives us some optimism.
Gary R. Heminger: And, Neil, if you look at, average retail is up $0.40 to $0.50 over same period last year. I go back and looked at the first quarter and we're early here in April. This number here of 2.3% was just for April. But if you look at first quarter, we were down 1%, so we outperformed the overall market significantly, Speedway did in the first quarter. But with our position in the market and needing to get this increase in the wholesale price and crude cost to the market, I think that's what has had a temporary lull in demand. As far as our study, our full and thorough review, as we've stated on Speedway, it continues to clip along at a very good pace. The special committee is very engaged. Our outside advisors are engaged and by mid-year, the definition of mid-year will be sometime summer or late summer, we will have a conclusion of the direction we're going. So, we continue to move along rapidly in this study.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, Ed. In fact, in my comments I talked about the hydrocracker. When we first built Garyville, that hydrocracker was rated at, I don't know, 70,000 to 72,000 barrels per day. And now, we have the hydrocracker only with improved technology, very little incremental capital. We have it up to, I think, the second largest hydrocracker in the world at 121,000 barrels per day. We're seeing the same thing at Galveston Bay. Now that we've been through both crude units, improved the technology, improved the operations and really been through Marathon-style turnarounds, we have that plant now up, running 500,000 barrels per day. The same thing at Robinson where we upgraded some systems at Robinson. So, the systems, the technology is in place. And that's what's important here in our comments is that we didn't go out and build new units. We improve the technology, improve the – some of the operating and mechanical performance of the process units in order to be able to increase the throughput. So, I think we're right on schedule. Of course, everything is a result of how margins are. But, the other thing that I think is important – I was talking to Tom Kelley who runs our Marketing group. We're expecting a strong year in asphalt. And as – a question we had earlier on can we – would we slack a coker, well, we have the flexibility to even make more asphalt if the market requires, and we're starting out the first quarter here, as we start into the asphalt season, a very strong demand, up over 6% versus same period last year. And I think that flexibility is going to help us as well. So, all of these things should deliver. We have the opportunity to deliver the incremental economics that we've talked about in the past.
Gary R. Heminger: And, Ed, to your question on Centennial. Centennial still can be a resolution to be able to get incremental propane, butane, maybe even ethane to the Gulf Coast and it's – we continue to work with our partner on this project. However, the producers who are looking for that additional route and additional market are still analyzing which direction they want to go. And we're not ready to pull the trigger on this project yet, as we continue to work with the producers to get their commitment on whether or not that reversal goes forward. So, we're working it hard, but the producers have to make the decision if they want a second market.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, again, depending on exactly how it's structured, for what we've got contemplated for fuels distribution, for instance, or for the refinery assets, that would be earnings that would have an impact on gross margin.
Gary R. Heminger: Yeah. I think we can probably provide some framework around what that could look like. The important part, from an MPC perspective, is that for a lot of the earnings that could have an impact on the R&M metrics, we're effectively turning it into a distribution stream that's coming from the partnership. So, again, we've continued to view this as sort of an enterprise-level initiative, but we certainly can provide some frameworks around the best way to think about things on a more segmented basis.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, Brad, I think the key ingredient to your question is where we see exports going and we see exports while we were a little over 200,000 barrels a day, we export 226,000 in the first quarter. But our book going forward gets us back into the historical range of 300,000 barrels a day, plus or minus a little. So, the export book continues to be strong. It looks like we're – from a macro level, we're fairly – I would say, it's evident that we're kind of teeing up to be in the same position of last year. Inventory share in the first quarter from the gasoline side, especially pads 2 and 3, are on the gasoline, distillate inventory, are pretty much in check what they were last year. First quarter inventories and the market seem to take a pause yesterday on why gasoline inventory built in PAD 1 here last week, but that's all of the timing of cycles coming through Colonial, some cycles possibly from Plantation Pipeline, but – or maybe just the – when some imports hit the New York Harbor. But, all in all, it's early in April and Tony talked about a slight pullback in demand, but that's because we're up $0.40 to $0.50. So, from a macro standpoint, I think the crude market is going to continue to have strong resolve in trying to get crude prices up. I think that's going to help in differentials over the same period. But I believe as long as we stay in this range, we're kind of ranged $2.25 to $2.50 in gasoline right now. I would expect demand to be about the same as this period last year. And I think everything – the flywheel is going to be the exports. And export demand continues to be strong. So, I think we should be okay.
Gary R. Heminger: Yeah. Yeah. To go through the – the next step would be, more than likely, as we had outlined earlier, we would expect to have late second quarter, early third quarter another drop. And then the drop we're looking at, we think, would have minimal tax impact based on the tax reform discussions that are public at this point in time. One thing that I think we all need to be cognizant of, and I know many of the investors that we've talked with, who have asked us questions, is to ensure that we're keeping a close eye on how tax reform might affect, whether it's a 12 – a December dropdown or whether it's a January, early 2018 dropdown, depending on how whatever tax changes might go into effect. And, of course, we're continuing to work and be very diligent in what that tax planning might be. So, the next thing would be a dropdown sometime mid to late summer. Secondly, we will follow through with the study of Speedway through the special committee. And then, lastly, and we're proceeding on, we will have all of the drops ready from an accounting, finance, tax, administrative standpoint. We're pursuing and working very, very quickly to get all of those drops ready. Tim just explained the PLR process, which is positive. So, everything will be ready to go, but I think everybody would conclude that we need to be as tax efficient as possible.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes. Then that's a very good segue into this tax reform. If you noticed what the President, Secretary of Treasury and Mr. Cohn announced yesterday, you didn't hear the words border tax anywhere in that preview. And so, I think the work that not only we have done, but the entire business community continues to work on is that border tax just doesn't seem to work going forward. So, that's very positive and I recall speaking at your conference. That was a big issue. And as I said, we had a lot of work to do and, so far, I think we've been successful in outlining and trying to educate what that meant for companies such as ours in our industry. So, our work, we continue to be very, very positive with this administration and the President and his outlook on the energy industry, his outlook on where we think some positive steps can be taken on renewable fuels. And, obviously, with the pipeline permits that have been approved that helped get DAPL up and going and we expect mid-May for the first deliveries to come out of DAPL, that is certainly going to be a positive for us in our Midwest refineries. So, all in all, very, very positive with this administration.
Gary R. Heminger: I would say, Corey, that those are two different matters that, the value of the IDRs will really have no impact on the decision of Speedway one way or the other. Speedway is already – the volume that goes through Speedway is already implicit in MPLX, and the amount of volume that we're moving through MPLX today. But I would say that it really wouldn't be a determinant either way.
Gary R. Heminger: Oh, absolutely. What I'm saying is, you asked a question on how Speedway in or out of MPC would affect the MPLX – the drops of MPLX. I'm saying that doesn't matter either way. We still have the volume that's already inside of MPLX and would expect – and that's one of the big questions is, can you have a supply agreement attached to – if you decide to go a spin route, can you have a supply agreement attached to that spin in order to be able to maintain the volume that goes through? That's yet to be determined, but what I'm saying, I don't see the volume. We would expect that we would have a supply agreement either way. So, that really is not going to have an effect, but absolutely, the committee is looking at the value.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, you just look at the backlog of projects and the inventories of asphalt that we came out of the end of last year, the inventories that are available of asphalt. So, that's why I make that statement, but I think it's the infrastructure that's required in the U.S., this administration is very bullish on infrastructure and improving roads, bridges, and so we expect that we're going to have a strong asphalt season, Q2, Q3, mainly because of the inventory that we came out of last year. So, being up 6% early in the asphalt season, I think, is a good indicator and with our flexibility of going through the cokers or making asphalt, that gives us another real strength versus some of our competition.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes. Mike Palmer was – in his comments earlier, illustrated the strength and the resolve that we believe is in OPEC. As we look at OPEC, I stated early in the year that we expect to end this year in the $60 to $65 range. I still think that that is still in line with where we see the crude markets going. The resolve of OPEC, and you will continue to see that, I think, in the inventory numbers going forward, that there is a very strong resolve to get worldwide inventories in check. It certainly appears as though there would be an extension of the OPEC agreement into the second half of the year. I believe as the oil minister Khalid al-Falih stated that he thinks that is important to continue to get global inventories in check. And with that, I think it's going to have a double-prong effect. I think it's going to bring worldwide inventories closer to balance. And secondly, it's going to be a win for the U.S. producers, because as the price continues to go north of even $50, but if we get up in the $55 to $60 range and with the efficiency and reduced cost that the U.S. producers are seeing, it's going to be a strength for the Permian, Eagle Ford, Bakken areas in their production. And I think that's going to certainly help us with our acquisition of the Ozark Pipeline. It's going to give us that ability to move barrels through Cushing into the Midwest, bring barrels down from the Bakken. And I think it should help differentials over time.
C. Michael Palmer: Yeah, Chi. I guess we're fairly optimistic about differentials really. We think that if you look – start with the Brent-WTI spread, I guess we know it's been trading between $2 and $2.85. We think it's going to move toward the upper end of that range. That'll be favorable. We believe that if you look at the heavy market, for example, it has been influenced, obviously, by the Syncrude plant fire and explosion. Those differentials are now starting to come back to normal. So we think that will be attractive in the second half of the year. And, frankly, we've been seeing plenty of spot opportunities generally on the harder-to-process kind of crude oils, heavy sour, sometimes high acid. So, we still see plenty of opportunities.
C. Michael Palmer: Chi, I guess what I would say is that we do believe that there's a lot of OPEC resolve to bring the market back in balance. So, we do think in the second half of the year, that's certainly going to be a factor. I think from our standpoint, what I would tell you is kind of what Gary already has. We have a lot of flexibility within our system both in terms of running sweet crude, running very heavy, high (22:27) crude. We have a lot of logistics opportunities and flexibility. So, I don't think it's going to be a problem finding crude oil to run. And I think that we're in a position where we can find the most cost-advantaged crude to run as well. With regard to your question on Syncrude and how that's going to affect the second quarter, again, it kind of comes back to the same story. We have a lot of flexibility to process synthetic crude oil in our plants, but when we see something like the Syncrude explosion that takes place, to us it's an opportunity. And that means when Syncrude gets expensive, we'll sell off the Syncrude and we'll bring in another crude. We've got the flexibility to do that. So, that's kind of how we see it as we move forward.
C. Michael Palmer: We have seen – certainly in January and February early on, we saw specific weakness in some of our markets. And I think that's improved somewhat in March and April. But in terms of one-time events, no, I don't – I can't think of anything.
C. Michael Palmer: Yeah. That's certainly something that we're interested in and watching. In our Midwest refining system, we do have further capacity that could be used. And certainly it's seasonally during the year we need further markets. We've talked about this before. So, we're interested in moving additional product outside of the Midwest, and we'll look at that over time.
Timothy T. Griffith: Gary, I think that's right. I mean, ultimately, our activity was bounded to March for the first quarter, but we expect this activity is going to resume into second quarter. And I think you could expect to see similar pacing as we go forward and utilize the drop proceeds.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah. Sure. Neil, for April same-store, so far we've seen about 2.3% decline on year-over-year for April and I'll hand it over to Tony for his comments.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, I think for how we view things today, we sort of view the – around 2 times on a net of MPLX basis is probably an appropriate area. Again, we've focused on maintaining an investment-grade credit profile, we'll continue to do so. Again, the prospects of any change to Speedway is something we'll have to assess as we go. It's certainly been an important part of the cash profile of the business. And if that were not a part of the business, I think we'd need to reassess and understand what that impact would be. It may very well support a even lower leverage than that. But that's clearly all part of the overall analysis and assessment that we're going through, and that will clearly be an important part of our consideration, so.
Timothy T. Griffith: Sure, Brad. So, with regard to the strategic plan, I mean, I'll give a broader update that we're very much on track with all of the sort of remaining drops and putting the company in position to proceed with those. With regard to the fuels distribution specifically, again, we were obviously very pleased to see the new QI regs issued in January and made part of the Federal Register. Based on our reading of them, it looks like it'll be supportive of our model. They do have an effective date of January 1, 2018, and right now it would be tough for us to rely for activity in 2017 on that, but we'll pursue every angle. Again, I think the net result is that we're still very encouraged by the prospects and having everything ready to go, and we'll evaluate any and all alternatives to sort of accelerate that, but we feel pretty good about the path forward right now.
Timothy T. Griffith: And, I'm sorry. Christine, I just wanted – Paul, your question with regard to the drops and the impact on the refinery piece, I want to just clarify. The impact on segment income for R&M will certainly be there. But it more likely will get picked up in sort of other cost. It'll be sort of an operating cost imposed within the refining system as a service contract. So, I'd indicated part of R&M gross margin, but actually it will be picked up in sort of other elements of operating expense within R&M. Nonetheless, when we get to that point where it can be helpful, we'll certainly try to provide some framework around it.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah. I think, Phil, I guess, to answer the question, two parts. One is, what the cash tax impact would be on the drops, I think, and ultimately the guidance we provided around that of roughly 20% over the course of the full drops we think is still appropriate. The effective tax rate for the corporation will be impacted over time as the drops are commenced, given the NCI impact and the amount of allocated income that will go to unitholders. So, there will be sort of an evolution over the course of the drops that will very likely drive down the effective tax rate over the course of the next couple of years. And, again, as we get closer to that and we can provide a little bit more clarity, we'll try to do so.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah. Phil, again, I think the range that we gave at the time we thought was an appropriate range, I don't know that there'd be any updates. The valuation of the GP interest is clearly going to be part of a comprehensive process that we will do an assessment. We will make a suggestion as to what we think that value is worth. We'll work through with the MPLX board and its conflicts committee and ultimately land on evaluation. So, I don't know that there's any more color or adjustment to a range that we'd provide at this point. Again, this is a process that's out in front of us and I think the range that we've given is one that we still think would be appropriate.
