Donald C. Templin: Sure. Current assets were $10.7 billion, current liabilities were $7.6 billion for a working capital of $3.1 billion, and the excess of fair value of inventory was $5 billion.
Donald C. Templin: Paul, I think you covered a number of subjects there about returning capital or repatriating capital to shareholders. I guess our commitment continues to be, to the extent that we have excess cash, we will return that to shareholders and we will look to the best form of doing that. We obviously did announce a dividend increase this quarter, and we will regularly review the dividend both with our board and with our management team. So I don't think you should read anything into a third quarter dividend. I mean, that's a quarterly evaluation that we do. With respect to share repurchase, we will continue to evaluate what the best opportunities are and what the best timing is for returning capital to shareholders, Paul, but I think our commitment remains steadfast in terms of returning excess cash.
Donald C. Templin: On the first question, Chi, $200 million is the remaining expenditures on DHOUP. And, I guess, with respect to working capital, but there's a lot of moving pieces around working capital. Yes, we will build some working capital related to DHOUP, but when Robinson came back online, that will have a positive effect in terms of reducing our working capital.
Donald C. Templin: I think, Blake, what -- this is Don. I think what we have said and we as a management team and board believe is that, to the extent that we have excess cash, we want to return it to, and we expect to return it to, our shareholders in one form or another. We will make evaluations around our current authorization and we have discussions regularly with our board about that. So it's hard to know what the cash position will be and forecast it out every quarter out for the next 1.5 years. But I think our track record over the last year, 12 months, has demonstrated that, to the extent there is excess cash, we will look for ways to repatriate it back to our shareholders.
Donald C. Templin: We have not provided that information, Blake. But I guess, in terms of thinking about capital expenditures, we've consistently said that our maintenance CapEx is somewhere in the $600 million to $800 million range per year. And that is really focused on maintaining our assets at their current cash-generation capabilities. So that would be -- in a Speedway example, that would include rebuilds and remodels. We've also said that, at any point in time, we have probably a portfolio of projects in the $200 million to $500 million range that we believe are easy to implement. They're under our control, they have high rates of return. And if you think about even sort of our profile in 2012, how we spend capital, our capital expenditure budget was $1.4 billion and that included roughly $350 million for DHOUP, so the remainder really fit nicely in the -- kind of that range, $600 million to $800 million for maintenance CapEx, $200 million to $500 million for growth projects.
Donald C. Templin: Jeff, we'll have turnaround costs in both third quarter and fourth quarter. And the guidance information that we did provide, the outlook information, includes the costs related to the Detroit turnaround that will be incurred in the third quarter. So the $1.15 that we have in our outlook information includes that. If you look at the comparative period last year, it was only $0.36, so there's some heavy activity in this third quarter.
Garry L. Peiffer: Ed, this is Garry. [indiscernible], but obviously, we can't comment on what things we are or we are not looking at, but I think we've been pretty consistent in the past saying that, for us to pursue an acquisition, it would have to be some synergistic effect or leverage which we could have with our existing assets. So I think, from our perspective, when we look at any potential opportunity to enhance shareholder value, it's really driven by what we can leverage our existing assets and infrastructure to create more value which then allows us to be able to afford the price needed to pay the type of multiples that are being commanded, say, in the marketplace. So I think our consistent message is it's basically a synergistic effect with our existing asset base, is what we primarily focus on when we're looking at acquisitions or other investments in the business.
Garry L. Peiffer: I think -- this is Garry again, Ed. We're continuing to look at any way we can to increase value. I think what we've been also fairly consistent in saying, though, is we believe in the integrated approach to the downstream business. We happen to be at a point in the business cycle when refining is doing relatively well. That always isn't the case. And we like to have the advantage of having 2 or 3, in this case, 3 businesses -- the Pipeline Transportation, the Speedway and the R&M business -- to give us a very good complement of cash flows and assets to meet what our #1 objective is, and that is to have a investment-grade credit profile. So we're going to look at these things, we'll continue to look at these things. And I think, though, at the moment, our objective and our goal is still the integrated approach to how we run our business.
Garry L. Peiffer: This is Garry again. Yes, no, that's exactly right. And it's not to say that things don't change, either. I think we're continuously looking at the marketplace, looking at what makes the most sense from a optimization of operation standpoint. And as we said, when we talked about MLPs in the past, never say never, so -- but at the moment, we think the present configuration that we have of Refining & Marketing and pipelines is the best for us given our objectives in terms of shareholder -- creating shareholder value.
Garry L. Peiffer: Yes, Evan, this is Garry Peiffer. That's -- obviously, trying to forecast this business is a difficult process. And I'm not even sure -- if you look back to 2009, as a most recent example, it was a tough year for all refiners. So I think what we've obviously did last week in increasing our dividend to $0.35 a quarter, demonstrates, at least our opinion, that, through those cycles, that we think we can afford to continue that type of dividend pay to shareholders. So I don't think we can get -- we try to run all kind of models to estimate what is -- from a cash requirement standpoint, what is our minimum cash requirements. But I think that the 40% increase in regular dividend we announced last week is our demonstration of our belief that we can sustain that through the cycles. And as -- 2009 did not include Garyville, the impact of the benefit we've been able to enjoy from the Garyville expansion. And hopefully going forward, we'll have the benefit of DHOUP contributing substantially to our cash flows in the future as well. So those things all add on top of our confidence and why we did what we did last week in terms of increasing our dividend.
Garry L. Peiffer: Yes, Doug, this is Garry Peiffer. We're expecting the turnaround to start shortly after Labor Day. And we would expect it to last about 70 days, so that puts you into early November 'til it'd be complete. So that's the present plan. Now I think, for modeling purposes, we've been pretty consistent all along that we wouldn't expect to see any contribution -- or any major contribution to our bottom line 'til next year from a cash or earnings standpoint. So the goal is to get everything online by the end of the year and operational, up in a safe and efficient manner.
Garry L. Peiffer: So this is Garry here. I guess -- unless we get to the beyond 75% range that Mike referred to, I guess we wouldn't expect to see any major impact on total volumes. Now if the price became so attractive that all of Garyville's throughputs were light sweet crude, then there would be an impact on probably what we would be able to run in total. But that's going to be a long way down the road, I think, because we would try to balance the slate with heavy crudes as well as the light crudes such that we would hopefully have a fairly minimal impact on total inputs and outputs. But to have any input, there's got to be a lot of light sweet crude before we'd have any total output impact.
Garry L. Peiffer: Well, that is pretty much stretching the system. All the stars were aligned for us to be able to do that in the second quarter. I think, our previous best month -- or quarter, excuse me, quarter, was somewhere in the 80,000 barrel a day range. So we're making investments now at Garyville that will probably not increase the total throughput capacity much beyond that 110,000 barrel a day range but will allow us additional tankage such that we can sell different products, principally gasoline. So we're making investments at Garyville to allow us to sell additional products, but probably the total isn't going to change much, at least in the near term.
Garry L. Peiffer: This is Garry Peiffer. We don't really want to disclose what type of uptick we get. But we do obviously get a better price than we would otherwise get, and our next best alternative is in the spot market. So we're able to achieve returns better than the smart -- spot market values, net of all the other considerations we have to go to through, whether it be time, value or money and what-have-you. So it is a benefit to running an overall alternative to the spot market.
Garry L. Peiffer: We -- Mike Palmer can confirm this. We don't -- we haven't railed any Canadian bitumen. We have been running somewhere around 50,000 barrels a day from the Patoka, north of St. Louis area down to Garyville. So our major Gulf Coast WCS is that 50,000 barrels a day or so of WCS we put on the barge and shipped from Patoka to Garyville.
Garry L. Peiffer: Yes, Paul, this is Garry Peiffer. I think, as you know, we try to keep our eye on what's ever new and different going on out there, but I guess our focus at the moment obviously is MPLX and what we can do there to increase shareholder value. But we look at everything and we're -- but at the moment, though, we're focused on MPLX.
Garry L. Peiffer: Well, I think this is a fairly new idea or a fairly new mode they're going about to create an MLP. So I think we just have to understand what it means not only in maybe the good part of the cycle but also what it could mean in the bad part of the cycle. So we -- it's fairly new. We're starting it and we're watching it closely. So I think we -- at this point, we're just trying to understand the benefits of any type of opportunity to increase shareholder value.
Garry L. Peiffer: I think -- this is Garry Peiffer, Ed. I think we're obviously into the quiet period with our S-1 here so we really can't comment on what is the remainder of the assets. We gave a high-level summary of our MPC assets in the S-1, and to this point, that's really all we can go, we can really talk about regarding the other assets that we have that are qualified for an MLP.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, Paul, as we've always been consistent, when we look at our portfolio, acquisitions are a part of that portfolio, return of capital to shareholders is a part of that portfolio. And further as we look down, whether it's dividends, whether it's buying back shares, all those go into consideration. As we look at acquisitions and what we -- the result has been, we've made 2 -- in fact, 3 if we include the Gas City stores last summer, we've made 3 retail acquisitions. And we continue to look at those types of opportunities in the marketplace. So we just wanted to highlight that we look at everything that is available in the marketplace and we will continue to do that. But that is one of the possibilities that we have is to look at those acquisitions as we go forward. And then of course, I already outlined, and Don and I hope we're very clear in our message, that returning cash to -- or capital, I should say, not just cash but returning capital to the shareholders and exercising discipline in acquisitions will continue to be front and center.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, that's fair enough, then. And I've stated several times on these calls that it is time to harvest on the acquisitions that we've made. I know that there was some conjecture at the time that we did Garyville and it has proven to be a very, very strong asset and cash flow provider. And we're just on the heels of -- to about complete Detroit and then we'll complete the turnaround and start it up late in this year. A $2.2 billion acquisition -- excuse me, $2.2 billion of capital expenditure that we've had on the books for some time, we don't believe that any of market has reflected the opportunity yet of that asset as it comes to market. So we would expect to see that as we finish up this year and get into early next year and have it fully operating. But I understand what you're saying, and we -- as I said, we will continue to exercise a very strong discipline around any CapEx.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, in fact -- this is Gary. Cory, July has been a little soft because of the run-up in price and we have seen demand fall a little bit here in July. But again, we're comparing against one of the difficult things when you're looking at same-store sales, I guess, same month last year. This year, Fourth of July was midweek. Last year, it attached to a weekend. So July was much better for that point last year. And this year, the extreme hot weather, we think, has curtailed some driving as well. So on a same-store basis, it's more difficult to be able to put in some of those concerns. But I would say it's a little bit of soft this year as we start July than we saw in June.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, in our market, Faisel, what we've continued to see is some increases. I believe the -- early in the second quarter, the weather was very, very positive in PADD II, and our same store is really around Speedway and as well PADD II. So the weather was generally very good. Early part of the second quarter that helped us, as I said. As we got into late June and early July, the weather seemed to be a bit of a detriment. But -- and prices came down in the second quarter in a couple of different time frames. So therefore, you didn't have to push the increased crude oil price. You didn't have to push it back into the marketplace as much as we've seen early here in the third quarter. But I would say those would be the -- probably the key themes. Again, very difficult to be able to chart each component and what happens in markets and what happens in regions and markets on a same-store basis.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, thank you, Dawn. And as we complete today, I just wanted to emphasize one more time that all the questions that pertain to our capital allocation, how we may or may not repatriate capital, what our investment posture might be, we will continue to be very disciplined as we consider those opportunities going forward. And I think, as Don and Garry and I alluded in many of our questions -- or answers to questions here, capital repatriation and having the confidence to continue such repatriation in the future is first and foremost in our mind. So I thank you, Dawn, for your help today. And thanks, everyone on the call.
C. Michael Palmer: Sure, be happy to. We constantly get questions that ask about how much sweet crude we can actually run at a particular refinery around our system. And it's a difficult question to answer because it really depends on pricing. But the answer is that we can run a lot of sweet light crude. I think we've estimated that, in our whole system, as a real rough ballpark number, it's something around 75% that we can run is very light crude. But it really does depend upon the market circumstances because, if the advantage is with this light sweet crude, then we can make adjustments to the refineries. Our engineers can do that such that we could even run more. So there's just a lot of flexibility.
C. Michael Palmer: Well, no. And In fact, if you look at our -- especially at our Midwest system, I mean, we have been predominantly a light sweet refiner through time. Obviously, we've made a change to Detroit to give us the option of running heavy Canadian crude, which is the intent. But it's -- really, you have to think of it in terms of an option because if the light sweet crude is really the most attractive, that's what we'll run. And in fact, when you look at our operation right now at Garyville, we're running a lot more light sweet crude than we'd ever forecast in the past. So we have a lot of flexibility to go where we can earn the best margin.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes. I guess, to be honest, our thought with that is that the -- we understand that the -- what the situation is with the expensive corn right now. And there are some ethanol plants that certainly have closed down. But honestly, I guess our thought is that it's very difficult to understand what the government might do with regard to any waiver on ethanol. And in fact, the EPA has stated that they're not interested in considering an RFS waiver. So I guess that would be our thought.
C. Michael Palmer: The Utica has probably progressed a little slower than some of the original production forecast would've led people to believe. But there's a lot of activity that's going on right now in terms of new permits and rigs that are running. We continue to process on the order of about 1,500 barrels a day of a mix of crude and condensate. We do expect that that will start to ramp up in the second half of the year, and then in '13 and '14, it'll start to ramp up even more. And we can, again, run a lot of this crude and condensate within our plants in the Midwest. We have the permanent truck rack that is now complete at Canton. It has a capacity of 12,000 barrels a day right now. We've got a truck rack at Catlettsburg and it's got a capacity, I think, of about 18,000 barrels a day. We have opportunities to expand those. We're working on a truck-to-barge operation that we've talked to you guys about before. And I guess I would make the same comment with regard to the volume that we can actually refine that I did before. We have a lot of flexibility in these plants to run both the condensate and the crude oil, again depending upon -- on how it's priced. So it's going to be quite some time before the Utica production actually catches up to a point where we're going to have difficulty running it in the plants.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, Paul. This is Mike Palmer. A lot of what we export out of Garyville, we sell FOB Garyville. So there's a lot of the cargoes that we can't be certain where they go. I mean, it is a mix between South America, Latin America and Europe, and it changes from time to time depending upon what the arbitrages look like.
