Kristina Kazarian: Sounds great. Welcome to Marathon Petroleum Corporation's third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. The slides that accompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investor tab. Joining me on the call today are Mike Hennigan, CEO; Maryann Mannen, CFO; and other members of the executive team. We invite you to read the safe harbor statements on Slide 2. We will be making forward-looking statements today. Actual results may differ, and factors that could cause actual results to differ are included there as well as in our filings with the SEC. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Kristina Kazarian: Thanks, Maryann. [Operator Instructions]. And with that, operator, can you open up for questions today.
Kristina Kazarian: Sounds great there. And then on that operator, I think we are done for today. So thank you, everyone, for your interest in Marathon Petroleum. Should you have any additional questions or would like clarification on topics discussed today, please reach out and our IR team will be available to help you with your questions. Thank you, everyone.
Maryann Mannen: Thanks, Doug. So as you know, we made a commitment that we would reassess the dividend immediately completing the $15 billion, and we've done so. We wanted three objectives really around the dividend. One was for it to be secure competitive. And then obviously, with the potential to grow dividends in the future, as you said, we believe our increase to $0.75 in the quarter meets all three of those objectives. As you know, we completed that $15 billion share authorization and have a remaining $5 billion new authorization, which both Mike and I had shared on our prepared remarks that we intend to begin to use that very early in the month of November. We continue to think that our equity is undervalued. And when we look at distribution return on capital between dividend and share repurchase, we believe share repurchase remains a more efficient tool in that portfolio. So we'll look at market, we'll look at other growth opportunities, and we'll look at the macro, and we'll continue to use share repurchase absent other growth opportunities as the vehicle to continue to return capital to the shareholders and every decision that we make, obviously, focused on trying to ensure we've got peer-leading returns. I hope that helps, Doug.
Maryann Mannen: Doug, I'll start off, and I'm sure Mike will want to add incremental comment as well. I think the mid-cycle is an extremely difficult way for us to put a pin in as we stand right now. Certainly, when we look at the market dynamics, as Mike shared as well, we remain pretty bullish on the outlook, not only for the fourth quarter, but certainly as we head into 2023. So a series of factors that we use and we look at to determine when we say we believe that equity is undervalued, and we'll continue to be as opportunistic as we can as we are using share repurchase in evaluating where both the fourth and the first quarter will go and, frankly, longer term. So several factors that we consider, but we certainly look right now at a fairly optimistic outlook for the next several quarters.
Maryann Mannen: Sure, John. It's Maryann. So in the third quarter, we had really three things that were largely equally weighted, that impacted the actual results in the quarter. The first, as you mentioned, was -- I call it a one-time. We had about a $0.13 impact from a four-year adjustment on property tax costs. Unfortunately, the state has the ability to go back and do that. So that is non-repeating. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we'll go after that and continue to pursue it. But unfortunately, when it's live, we need to record it. So that was in the quarter. Second, obviously, higher energy costs just in general, quarter-over-quarter, as I mentioned. And then the last piece, to your point, in the third quarter, given the level of back half-weighted turnaround expenses or other activities associated with that or higher. When we gave guidance for the fourth quarter, we certainly see energy costs somewhat nat gas related decline in Q3 to Q4. And obviously, the tax impact, we do not expect to repeat. I hope that addresses the question.
Maryann Mannen: Hey John, Maryann, I'll start and then I'll pass it to Rick and Brian to give you any incremental color. But you're right, when I provided guidance on capture for the third quarter, knowing that we had a fairly strong third and fourth quarter, frankly, but third quarter compared to the second quarter turnaround activity, we expected that we would have seen some capture impact as a result. Having said that, there were certainly some offsetting elements in the quarter. First, as you know, we actually saw prices come down a bit and those lower prices actually improved our clean product margins. Pricing actually really did benefit as we looked at the volumetric gains quarter-over-quarter. And then while secondaries were still a headwind in the quarter, they were better than what we had initially projected. Your question was a little bit tough, you were cutting in and out. But as we talk about the fourth quarter, I think, is what you were asking as well. Obviously, it will be, as you've seen from the guidance, our heaviest turnaround month of all -- excuse me, quarter of all four quarters. So we would certainly anticipate that capture in the fourth quarter could be below what we saw in the third quarter for some of those very reasons. But let me pass it to Rick and Brian to give you incremental color. I think Mike wants it too.
Michael Hennigan: And Doug, it's Mike. I'll add to Maryann's comments. So what I said in the prepared remarks is the fundamentals of the business have changed as a result of what's happened over the last couple of years -- roughly 4 million barrels of refining capacity has come out of the market. At a time early on when demand was down, but demand continues to recover. We're still not at 2019 levels of demand across all the products, gasoline, diesel, jet fuel. So we're still below, but we are slowly recovering. So you have supply constrained, you got demand recovering. And to your point, the mid-cycle that we see into the future is clearly above the previous mid-cycle because the global fundamentals have changed. And as we look out in time, there are going to be some capacity additions occurring throughout the world, but we also believe that demand is going to continue to pace such that the new mid-cycle for what we're going to see is significantly above where we've been in the past. So that's obviously why we have a bullish overtone here and why we still believe that the assets that we have are still trading under intrinsic value. Now I know you'd love us to give the exact number what we call internally. So I'm not going to do that, as you know but we stress tested. We stress tested in a low case, our view of a mid case and our view of a higher case. And as we look at all those things, we still believe fundamentally that we can purchase our shares at a price that's still adding value to our shareholders. So that's why we've been so aggressive in that area. We had committed to that return. As Maryann said in the prepared remarks, we bought back at a pretty good number, and we still see that as an ongoing opportunity. You also asked about the dividend. I mean our dividend being where it was, was mainly because of the equity price coming up. And we did feel it weren't an adjustment. People had asked us for several quarters in a row, whether we're going to do that. And we said we're going to do it after we do the $15 billion of Speedway. So hopefully, we were consistent with what we said there. We've moved it up as Maryann said, it's not a tax-efficient way to return to shareholders. But we want to have a competitive number as well. So 30% is a good bump. We'll keep an eye on that. And at the same time, we're going to continue to reduce the share count. Hopefully, that gives you a little more color.
Michael Hennigan: Yes. Thanks, Neil, for the question. I'm going to let Rick and Brian comment. But I'll -- before they do, I would say to you, we did say early on that we had three major areas that we're going to put emphasis on and we've made progress in the commercial area. We still see a lot more opportunity for us. So we're not done in that area, but we have made some progress. I'll let Rick and Brian give some comments.
Michael Hennigan: Hey Roger, it's Mike. I'll just add to Brian, I'll give you my thoughts on it. Number one is I do think the administration understands that a ban would not have the effect that they were originally looking for and instead would decrease inventory levels, reduce refining capacity and actually put upward pressure on consumer fuel prices, which is not what they were intending. So I think given these potential outcomes, it's my opinion, that the administration would not pursue that path. But that's just -- that's my thought at this point.
Michael Hennigan: John, it's Mike. Let me just add to what Maryann just said. So we try our best to give you as good a guidance as we can with the one caveat being where is natural gas price going to be? So we look at the forward curve right before we give the guidance and just reminding you the sensitivity is $0.30 a barrel for every $1 per million BTUs. So where that actually ends up in the quarter is hard to call. So we just take a look at the forward curve ahead of time and put our best number on it. So what I feel good about is the areas that we control on cost. I continue to say we have sustainable reductions that we've seen over the last couple of years, and that's good. As Maryann mentioned, we have a tax dispute that we'll follow up on. And we have this unknown as to where natural gas will actually price itself throughout the whole quarter. Hopefully, that helps.
Michael Hennigan: Yes, before we pass to the other guys, John, I just want to remind everybody that when Q2 margins were as high as they were, we made a conscious decision to delay some activity into the back half of the year, specifically into the fourth quarter. At that time, we felt it was a good idea, provided there was no safety issues or anything to make that adjustment. So some of what's happened here is we've traded some Q2 margin for Q4 margin and we still think that was a good call, but it has loaded up a little bit more activity in the fourth quarter as far as our turnaround activity.
Michael Hennigan: Hi, Paul, it's Mike. I just want to add a comment. We've been talking about Martinez for a while now. And early on, we said that in order to have a terrific facility, we wanted to have competitive CapEx and I think everybody has seen our numbers on that. We've disclosed that. OpEx, we're in a really good position with the former refinery asset. Brian has talked about, we're pretty bullish to the logistics assets that we have set up here and the last piece of the puzzle was feedstocks that which you're asking about, and Brian just gave you some color on our side. Plus, I do want to reiterate, that was part of the driver for our partnership with Neste. We know their portfolio and see them as a global leader in this area. So it was one of the key factors that enabled us to say we wanted to JV with them. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we think there's more to come with the relationship with Neste. We're working on different things together as we feel that we've had a win-win for both sides of this but feedstock procurement is actually one of the most important parts of this and kind of the last leg of the stool after we talked about CapEx, OpEx and logistics. So hopefully, that helps.
Michael Hennigan: Okay. Understood it was RD. Yes. I think, Paul, it's more the latter. We have some things going. I'll let Dave make a few comments on some of the areas that we're looking at. But -- but we'll have Martinez started up here very shortly within a couple of months. We're going to mechanically complete at the end of the year. So it's probably a little more latter to the scenario that you played out but the whole area continues to evolve. So Dave, why don't you give a little color on some of the things that we're looking at.
Michael Hennigan: Theresa, I'll start off with mine. My comments were related to the DOE data, but I'll let Brian give a little color on our specific data. But just in general, I think it's consistent that we still see a lot of demand recovery, and that's why we're so bullish at this point, and then we'll take the second part of your question in a second.
Michael Hennigan: Theresa, it's Mike. I would just add that the inventories are obviously low. The market needs additional barrels. We're doing our best to put out as much product as we can. Brian mentioned the point about we see some price elasticity when prices get too high. So I think at the end of the day, we spend as much time on what we control, and that's to run as hard as we can, put as much product into the market as we can. And whether Asia -- exports come or don't come, the market needs to supply. So I think that's why, at the end of the day, we still see this to be a pretty bullish outlook. It's just -- it's evolved over a couple of years. We think demand is going to continue to come back. Brian just gave you some specifics on our areas. I had mentioned the DOE stuff. So we believe that demand will continue to recover and then whether supply comes from China or from the U.S. market itself is the market just needs it. It's a supply-constrained recovering demand outlook that makes us have this bullish look.
Michael Hennigan: Matt, you can just -- whatever numbers you want to put on, you had it right from the beginning. It's 40,000 barrels a day of additional crude times whatever number you want to put on that and 17,000 barrels a day of heavy upgrading. So whatever your outlook is, that's the math that will give you the additional EBITDA once we start this up.
Rick Hessling: Yes, Neil, it's Rick. Thank you for the question. It's one of these items where we've been looking at the pull through, and we've been seeing it the last several quarters. So it's nice that you're noticing it as well. I would start by saying earlier this year, we changed a lot. We changed processes, we change structure and culture around all things commercial that's been a game changer for us. In terms of details and how competitively, I'll be careful in what I share here, Neil. But if you look at it over were through a broad lens, we've stood up a dedicated what we call VCO team, value chain optimization team that goes from end-to-end, from feedstocks to products from purchasing or procuring to placement and we're relooking at everything we do, the why, the how, all modeling constraints, assumptions, everything was put on the table and relooked at. And so a lot of change and great positive results have come out of that, especially in the midst of the environment we're in. So every win, when you're in an environment like we're in today is exemplified with the high crack and I think you're seeing that. In addition, you're seeing a lot of the re root of global products and feedstocks happening throughout the world. And through this initiative, we've been able to take advantage of a lot of purchasing of feedstock and the placement of our feed -- clean products in a time that has been highly advantageous. So with that, I'll turn it over to Brian for more color on the clean side.
Rick Hessling: Yes, hi Neil, it's Rick again. So great question. These markets are blowing out. We're seeing unprecedented levels again. On the heavy side, I think I looked this morning and I saw the forward curve. December was marked at minus 30, Q1, minus 27 and unbelievably stoked. 2023 Cal was 23 under, So what's driving it? Boy, it is a plethora of items. Production from the Canadian front, Neil, is pretty solid and we're entering right now blending season, as you know, the diluent blending season is slowing the pool, which is certainly helping as well. We've had some short-term shot in the arms with some maintenance in PADD 2, 3 and 5. When I say maintenance, unplanned maintenance, that's been a plug for us. And then fuel oil is really cheap. So you're seeing a lot of people substitute that for heavies in other parts of the world. So all of this is driving -- is really putting pressure on anything that hits the U.S. Gulf Coast. And lastly, I'll say, when you look at the Gulf of Mexico medium sour production, it's been healthy as well. So lately here, you're seeing Mars blow out. Certainly, you referenced the Canadians. So all of these items are stacking on top of one another and creating for a very bullish outlook here into 2023. In terms of MPC specifically, I think you are well aware, we have great access and optionality that we've built out our system over the years in PADD 2, PADD 3 and now PADD 5 and so we are going heavy. We're heavying up our slate. We're filling up our cokers as you would expect, and we'll continue to do so into Q3 as these indicators tell us to do so.
Rick Hessling: John, this is Rick. I'll just add to Maryann's earlier comments and make a comment on secondary product margins. So we're one month into the quarter. We'll see where the next two months go. But secondary product margins have been so volatile and trying to predict where WTI is going to go from here is anyone's guess. I would say that's one of the biggest wildcards on where our capture will end up. So -- more to come there. We'll see how the rest of the quarter plays out. And with that, I'll see if Brian has any color to add.
Rick Hessling: Yes, hi Sam, it's Rick. So the call out is outstanding, especially in these low NGL price environments we're in right now. So when you look at the logistics of combining MWE and MPC and our total footprint, it's incredible today, especially as we optimize our octane with NGLs and heading into the butane blending season. Really, to answer your question, it's yes and yes. Yes, we saw this coming to the extent it is here today. I would say it's -- it's certainly a nice shot in the arm for us as we optimize around our system, both from specifically butane and all things NGLs tied to our -- tied to our whole system. We're seeing specific benefits certainly on the Gulf Coast with Garyville, but it's throughout our entire system. So a great call out.
Brian Partee: Thanks, Rick. Yes, Neil, just great question. I appreciate the opportunity to kind of weigh in here. And Rick said it, but I'll double down on it. It's about one or two things. It's literally everything. We've changed. We've moved mountains and really proud of the work that the team has done. There's been a lot of progress, as Mike alluded to in his comments, there's more to get. I think foundationally, as we look going forward, one of the key components is our digital transformation that underpins a lot of the efforts we have on the commercial front. And we think leveraging our scale across our coast-to-coast platform provides us a distinct opportunity set as it relates to that digital evolution in our space. The other thing I'd say just real quick is what underpins all this? Or alignment changed everything. We fundamentally changed the organizational structure and realign people, we empowered people and we held them accountable. We have a people-centric business in the commercial space, and we're really leveraging that. And the core tenet of what we're trying to accomplish is to let our great people do great things.
Brian Partee: Yes, Roger, this is Brian Partee. I can take that. There's a couple of different things to unpack there. First on the Mississippi River. We have a really strong and capable Inland River system and team. We've got over 20 tugs and 300 barges. We largely operate on the Ohio River, but also do transit the Mississippi. And the team has been working extremely hard over the last several months making sure the product continues to flow. So I can say there's been no impact, but it's been on the heels of our team working very diligently hard and positioning the right equipment in the lower Mississippi River to make sure that we don't have disruptions. So on that front, things have been going pretty well. As it relates to the ongoing dialog with the administration, we have had frequent engagement and communication, which has been welcomed. I think it's good to share and understand each other's perspective. And as it relates to the export ban, I think that through the dialog, there's been general consensus and understanding that, that likely would be counterproductive the goals and objectives of building inventory and reducing prices. I mean, fundamentally, if you look at our 2.5 million barrels of exports in the U.S., we just don't have enough demand to back it in. We've got grade mixes. We've got logistics disconnect. So I think there's been broad understanding and engagement that, that's not the best course of action. Now all that being said, I just can't speak on behalf of the administration, I think anything is on the table at any time.
Brian Partee: Yes, thanks, Rick. Just one quick summary wrap-up comment. It's hard to call the ball one month into the quarter, but I will say that October from a clean products perspective, started off strong, as Mike indicated in his opening commentary, we did not see the seasonal turndown in demand. We've had weather working largely in our favor. We haven't had a Hurricane event in the country as a whole has been pretty moderate on the weather front. We did see -- we've seen strong demand throughout the month of October. And correspondingly, we've seen strong margins as well. So directionally, I think, favorable but too early to call the ball.
Brian Partee: Yes, Sam, this is Brian. I'll take that question. It's a great question. So, first, let me just back up and talk a little bit about what we have going on out west with Martinez. So we're well into our prefill strategy. So we've been prefielding since middle of the summer. We're currently buying from over 50 different suppliers. So we forayed into this business two years ago with Dickinson and the team has come up very, very fast in developing those relationships.
Brian Partee: Yes, Paul, thanks. This is Brian. I understand the question. So first on CI as it relates to soybean oil, UCO and actually even some of the other feedstocks that we look at. I would say that we're at a point or we've been at a point here in the last several months where we like ourselves and others have been in startup mode. So there's been a bit of a surge in demand in acquiring feedstocks as it relates to start-up. And the market broadly is not super-efficient yet. So it's an emerging market. Relationships matter. A lot of the sellers in this space, so whether it's UCO or rendered fats. It's a new business line for them. So there's a lot of exploration ongoing. So I don't think it's a structural change as we've seen here in the last couple of months. But I do think it's just the nature of the market evolving from a CI perspective. But as I said earlier, to Sam's question, I think logistics are going to be key. Those relationships are going to be key to make sure we get the right feedstocks, the most advantaged feedstocks into our facilities. Your second question related to LCFS. Certainly, we've seen the supply and demand of LCFS credits to gap out here over the last 1.5 years or so. The one point I'd make here is we're seeing that in California, that there's other states, other areas, Canada, Oregon that have emerging programs. So that's a new variable that's entering into the equation and calculus for us and others in terms of where you actually place the product. So we reported -- CARB reported a pretty big build for the second quarter. Credit is still a little over 1.3 million credit in the second quarter. So that surplus continues to grow. We do expect CARB, they're going through a scoping assessment now on the LCFS program. We do expect them to make adjustments to the plan going forward to really support the investments needed on the low carbon side of things. I think that will be an opportunity in 2023 to engage and discuss and probably something we see manifest in 2024. Ultimately, the economics as it relates to RV are really founded on several interrelated variables. We've had the positive side of that on the RIN and the Blenders Tax Credit. Certainly, the product pricing in California has been supportive. So that's all been on the positive side. Feedstock pricing, although stable through the third quarter has been towards the higher side as we think about this year. And then as you mentioned, the LCFS have been the lower side. But all that combined considered, we're seeing stable margin production out of our Dickinson facility, and we'd expect the same out in Martinez, just through a variety of different variables.
Brian Partee: Yes, thanks, Theresa, for the question. So yes, just a bit of color maybe on the system. First, to address Mike's comments around our data. Mike did quote on the DOE data. Our comps back to 2019 aren't super relevant given that we've shut down a couple of different refineries, we sold off for retail units. So we really look at the year-to-year. And I'll give you just a high-level overview for Q3. So year-on-year, distillate has been steady and strong, very stable across the platform and really flat year-on-year. Jet continues to perform well, and we're seeing that recover year-on-year about 6%, but still below 2019 across the platform. And then gasoline is probably the most interesting. We did -- we were off slightly from 2021 in Q3, about 2% and it really correlates to retail prices. So we'll start in the West and about 4% below Q1 and 2021 out West, so 4% decline that we really correlate directly to retail prices and the elasticity impact of higher retails. Midwest was about 3% and the Gulf Coast was 1%. So overall, about 2%. But kind of going back to Mike's earlier comments, we do remain optimistic as we think about demand. I mentioned October we came out of the chute really strong here for Q4. We're continuing to see COVID demand recovery. Jet travel more broadly, the halo around activity and vacations, not just Jet but marine fuel, diesel, gasoline, et cetera. And we also have moderated retail prices coming off of the summer highs. We're currently around $375 a gallon, well off of our highs in the summer. And demand continues to also be robust in South America and the Caribbean. The economies there are geared a little bit differently. We've got strong agricultural demand globally as well as mining activity. There's been some price subsidization that's occurred in South of the border here, that's also helped to prop up demand. So -- and then we're seeing pulls into Europe as well, for obvious reasons, primarily around energy security and just having access to the fuel going forward as the winter enthuse here. And the last thing I'd mention is on the supply constraint side. We've taken a lot of capacity offline globally, and we do expect a degree of friction around the Russian exports of production, hard to call the ball on how impactful that might be. Everybody is watching very closely, but we don't expect it to be positive for incremental supply. We do expect it to drag just a bit.
Brian Partee: Yes, as it relates to a lot of -- and you enter a rumor coming out of Asia in terms of export quotas, COVID policies, really difficult for us to call. The one data point I can give you, though, Theresa, empirically on that, is we have not seen where we compete. We have not seen a step change in terms of competing with refineries coming out of Asia, specifically to China. Just it's been steady as she goes, status quo here for the last several months.
