Richard D. Bedell: Well, Ed, good morning. And I understand your question, and we feel this is a very compelling transaction, compelling for both sides. And when you look at the profile of MPLX, one of the things I think investors have not fully been able to understand yet is that our risk profile really hasn't changed from where we were before, because we had – we needed to execute on a number of organic growth projects within MPLX since we started the IPO in October of 2012, and a good part of the growth that we have there was eventually going to become dropdowns, all was going to be dependent upon executing an organic growth profile. And the same thing happens here with MarkWest, and then the key to this transaction is you look at MarkWest today, they are around $1 billion or so of EBITDA. And we're speaking to $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion of EBITDA still sitting in backlog within MPC, MPLX. So that's the great strength or the great combination going forward, but we really believe this is a compelling transaction, understanding the value that MPLX brings to the table.
Richard D. Bedell: Yeah, and it is Rich Bedell, Ed. There's two projects going in Catlettsburg, their project is a crude unit upgrade to recover more distillate in gas oil out of those crudes and Robinson has a unicracker or a hydrocracker project to produce more distillate.
Richard D. Bedell: It is Rich Bedell again. The overall condensates, I mean, you've got everything from the light straight run material all the way into a distillate-type material. So by running those it gives us more blend stocks and feedstocks for the downstream units. And the Catlettsburg and Canton are pure condensate splitter-type projects. The project that will go in in Robinson is more of a light crude project and that's going in next year, and that will just give us more ability to process the lighter crude slates that are available.
Richard D. Bedell: Well, I mean we're pretty well-positioned with our reformer capacity to generate the octane to use the lighter blend stock. So I mean it all gets into optimizing the refinery.
Richard D. Bedell: Well, Paul, the turnarounds we have in our Robinson refinery starting in August are really around our hydrocracker and reformer areas and not so much the crude. And then in Catlettsburg that's one of the crude units we'll be taking down to do modifications.
Richard D. Bedell: I think what we're seeing is as we run the lighter crudes and the crudes with the diluent you're using those light straight run materials to blend off your octane, and that's raising the overall cost of the octane. So it's a function of some of the lighter feed stocks that we're dealing with.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, Chi, it's both yield and it's a low cost feedstock. I mean, you will have a structural advantage to low cost feedstocks in the region via the condensates. And given the location we think that that's an enduring advantage to the business.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, Doug, this is effectively at the end of May, we got the sort of the final proposed standards on renewable fuels, especially for biomass diesel.
Timothy T. Griffith: And so we sort of had built into what we expected that obligation to be. We found out at the end of May what it actually was going to be for calendar 2014 obligations, and so we were immediately in a position where we needed to acquire those RINs to satisfy that obligation. So that...
Timothy T. Griffith: ... that these are basically D4 and D5 RINs and there's basically about a $46 million cost in order for us to come current based on the standards released at the end of May.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah. So, Neil, the question of dividends versus buybacks is I think for us is a relative easy one. Dividends, despite their sort of tax inefficiency, we know are an important part of a lot of investors' thinking around a stock. And so our intention will be to maintain a strong and growing dividend for the long term. That is going to be the approach. I think the way we view the sort of what remains from a capital if there's excess capital or cash in the business is that share purchase is the most efficient way to get that back to shareholders. It has the nice benefit of sorting out the shareholder base and basically returning capital to those people that aren't going to be long in the stock anymore and allows for investors to pick their own liquidity window as opposed to pushing cash to shareholders who may not wish it in the form of a special dividend or other form. So I think that's the way we approach it. I think you should expect to see continued focus on both of these. They are are both part of our overall thinking on the sacred trust that exists with investors, with regard to the capital and cash we've been entrusted with. And that's likely how we'll continue. The addition of the MarkWest business and the combination of MPLX and MarkWest we think provides some very interesting dynamics. One of which we described on the announcement call itself, which is it is true that the GP cash flows are enhanced by the transaction. And the way we view that is that there really is a virtuous capital cycle here. As those GP cash flows come back into the C Corp. it becomes available for further investment in what will become ultimately investments of the partnership. An important part to what we think makes sense around the transaction and we think has got a lot of power to it, is the fact that to the extent there are very nice investments, good, high returning investments available in the midstream that provide some strategic advantage, we have the ability to incubate those at the C Corp. and drop them into the partnership at the appropriate time. One, just from a pure capital capacity, that the partnership may not be able to swallow it all at once, but also the timing issue that where capital gets spent and built and the time that it takes before those projects come fully on stream. MPC has got the capacity to sort of incubate them and basically put them in the partnership when they're at full run rate cash flow. So again the financial flexibility afforded here we think is tremendous. And the capital allocation will follow form on where we think the investments need to be made, but we fully stand ready to make continued investments in the midstream and through this vehicle probably on an even more accelerated pace.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, Paul, we would love to be able to give you a look at the year, but we're not in position do so and if we were, we probably wouldn't be sharing it at this point. We – I think as we get closer to the end of the year you can look to us to give some indication for – from some of the metrics, but as you know we're not going to give any sort of full-year guidance at this point.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, Paul, it's just too early to say, I think we'll – you will hopefully shortlist your invitation to our December Analyst conference, and if we provide any information it will be in that forum.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, Igor, thanks. Certainly what we've seen on a run rate basis around this has been higher but we've had – we had a couple of things in the quarter that sort of are all part of that other gross margin. I think you're probably referring to the slide in the appendix that shows it as $19 million. But within the quarter we had, as I had mentioned in my comments, we had volumetric gains which were an impact on the quarter. That's frankly just the scale impact. Volumes were slightly lower, but just with lower absolute prices you're going to see a lower impact there. So that was a hit on the quarter. Product price realizations again, as you said, we've picked up the 46. That's part of that. But we did see a little bit softer gas margins in the quarter, and frankly, just less favorable than where they were for second quarter last year. Second quarter last year was a very strong quarter. You've probably heard us say on multiple occasions that we really perform best in volatile environments. That's where we have the greatest opportunity to sort of optimize the system, and frankly, second quarter last year was a very good quarter on that basis. And then we had some impact to some of the incremental crude costs, some of which we've already described, and some that had an impact on the quarter. So those are probably the biggest drivers and I think the things we'll highlight, and we'll see how this is looking forward.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, the question you just asked, Chi – this is Gary – the question you just asked concerning octane is a great example. As you look at the feedstock that MarkWest has today, the – with the butane supply, butane is a great feedstock to put into an Appalachian unit and make octane. And we see going out to meet the CAFE standards of 2022 that the industry is going to be short octane. We have the ability to take this butane, marry it up with a possibly, and this is a conceptual project we have, but one we've been looking at for quite some time and then that is to manufacture octane right near the source. It makes more sense to do that than to distribute the butane to different markets, albeit the Gulf Coast or the harbor, New York Harbor and then manufacture it into a finish product. I think it makes more sense to manufacture it and then distribute that octane into the gasoline pool that is already in this market. That's just one example. We have a number of other examples that we're looking at, possibly batching of refined products to the New York Harbor and when I look at MPC, the dropdowns that we have, some of the pipeline opportunities that we've been looking at, as well some of the terminal opportunities, you combine that volume with volume that MarkWest has I think it can make some feasible projects.
Gary R. Heminger: And lastly, Chi, we've already announced the Cornerstone pipeline. And so again, you take the feedstock and the initiation station, if you will, of Cornerstone is going to be right at MarkWest Cadiz facility. So we're going to be able to marry up additional products there. Initially we are building this to be able to move condensates up to Canton and our Catlettsburg refinery. You probably have recognized some of your E&P contacts how Marcellus and Utica are continuing to have some very strong results on some wells that have been drilled here recently. We believe that we can take some of those products, put them into Cornerstone and then go into the second phase of Cornerstone that we've talked about in the past, but the second phase to get us all the way back to the Chicago market and maybe even eventually tie-in with some pipelines that we have coming up from the North and considering reversing those getting back down to the Gulf Coast. So we have tremendous flexibility and tremendous options to be able to expand MarkWest and MPLX.
Gary R. Heminger: Sure. And Neil, you'll recall at our sell-side analyst dinner, when we were talking about MPLX, we had – we discussed some of these issues there that in fact we think it enhances things going forward. And let me have Tim go into the details.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, Neil. What I said earlier in the year, in fact, at your conference in January, has continued to prove out for the year. I've said I think investors should watch the amount of imports coming into the U.S., namely from the Middle East, not only Saudi Arabia, but others. And that has continued to bear fruit for refining. And as we look at the forward positions and how crude oil is positioned right now as imports into the Gulf Coast, we think this remains. And the other thing I had stated is we were expecting to have a second dip. We did not expect a V-shaped curve here, and it ended up being – I think it's going to be a more of W-shaped curve with the crude price, that we expected this second dip. And but we do expect strength going on down the calendar, end of the year probably into the second quarter of next year before you really I think start to see some strength. The other thing is when I look at the volumes coming in through LOOP, the main oil line volumes continue to be strong, which again suggests strong imports coming into the U.S. And it really takes it back to the question of how is crude situated in the Midwest? And we've had this discussion many times, looking at the amount of sweet crude we run versus sour crude. We have the capacity to run somewhere between 65% and 70% sweet crude, and we're basically on the same number this quarter as second quarter of 2014 at around 54% sour. So that suggests we have a lot more room to run more sweet crude if it is priced right in the marketplace. So I think you're going to continue to see light sweet crude coming in from Middle East producers, landing in the Gulf Coast and being available. And that really is going to come back and tie-in with where do we see the drill bit? Where do we see the production out of the Permian and Eagle Ford? We're not getting much Bakken down into the – into PADD 3 today, some, but not that much. But it's Permian. It's Eagle Ford to really see what's going to happen there. So I think some of the same, Neil, going forward, and I expect to see the Middle East producers want to continue to maintain their market share.
Gary R. Heminger: As Rich said earlier, Paul, we're very balanced on the outlook because of our reforming capacity. So – but you are right. There have been some wide spreads between the New York Harbor and Chicago and the Gulf Coast on alkylate and therefore octane. We're very balanced at this point in time, but we really see this growing into the future. Again, as I say, getting out to meet the CAFE standard with higher compression engines going many years from now – not many years, but into the latter part of this decade, we're going to need to be able to have more octane in the system. And I think you're going to be able to see this grow over time, these spreads, and this is why we have this interest and why we think it's a natural benefit between MarkWest and MPC going forward.
Gary R. Heminger: And that's what I had said earlier, Paul, that and as – we're very balanced right now, but the – one of the very strong synergies, operational synergies, from a conceptual standpoint, I don't want anybody to think that we have FID'd an alkylate unit, but from a very conceptual standpoint, with MarkWest being long butane, the producers being long butane in a very strategic area of the country, I think it really tees it up well for us to consider additional alkylation manufacturing capacity. And we're looking at that very strongly. And then I think it makes sense to manufacture it within the region. Don't transport the feedstock to different markets, but rather manufacture it where you need it in order to be able to put it into the final blend stock.
Gary R. Heminger: Say Paul, you know our history. We don't like to talk beyond what's going on right now as far as turnarounds. It's just too competitive to get into that going forward.
Gary R. Heminger: Hey, Paul, let me back up to your question about butane and how it fits in with the market and the structure going forward. Don has talked about this when – Don's been on the road, and let me ask him to share as far as some of the producers and consumers.
Gary R. Heminger: Brad, I'll – this is Gary. In December this is going to be part of the centerpiece. We now have another centerpiece that we're going to talk about at the analyst meeting in December, being MarkWest. But Galveston Bay is going to be a big part of that. To really give you more detail, we're very pleased with where we stand. We're ahead of schedule on the synergies. We just made the second earn-out payment this year. So we paid out $369 million. We have $331 million left in the earn-out, and things are performing out very well this year. I'm very pleased to state that the strike that went on, it has been settled. We've had a great return to work, great productivity from our employees, and very pleased to welcome them back. So things are moving very well at Galveston Bay. But as I said, we will give you, along with Paul Cheng's question concerning the budget, we're going to give you more detail and where we see a lot of low hanging fruit going forward.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, Doug and Ed Westlake had the same question earlier on here, and as I've said it's – we believe we're – it's a very compelling transaction and you need to look beyond just MPLX. So we announced this the day after the Iranian nuclear accord was announced and there's been a lot of macro headwinds in the marketplace. And if you look at the large cap MLPs, gathering and processing MLPs, even the high drop-down MLPs, there's been tremendous volatility and headwinds on those. But if you combine the – where the units are trading for both MarkWest and MPLX and take into account the headwinds in the marketplace, we still think that we are in a very compelling business. The relative performance, as I said, looking at MarkWest and look at those G&P units or the large cap units, if you take into account that that tough backdrop along with that, I think it further supports that this is a compelling transaction at this time. We're getting ready to – it won't be long that we'll have the HSR filed, and that'll be followed by the S-4. So there will be more details to come, and I think that's going to further support that this is a compelling transaction.
Gary R. Heminger: Sure, if you look at the overall gasoline demand and the 6% EIA, the last number I saw was 5.1% but maybe you have a new number from what I had yesterday, but and that's why we gave a little more color in Tim's presentation here on Speedway's gasoline being a market leader in many of the markets. With that, as we are trying to move these, as you recall, in the second quarter crude oil prices went up significantly over that period of time and with that trying to reflect that incremental cost to the Street is difficult. So that's why we gave more color this time to look at overall Speedway legacy assets versus – or legacy stores versus the new stores they acquired on the East. But we think that we performed very well on incremental gasoline, and we're continuing to see that as Tim outlined here in – early in the third quarter. We're continuing to see that move forward and move up very nicely. On distillate, as Mike Palmer and Tim spoke as well, our distillate exports continued to be very strong. And as I look at our book going into the third quarter they continue to be robust. So I think we're very well balanced on distillate. I think as the fall – you have two things, the fall harvest and secondly the fall turnaround schedule especially the ones that we've already talked about this morning, I think is going to soak up some of the distillate in the market. But the key, you're absolutely right Doug, the key to watch is how the exports continue forward on distillate.
Gary R. Heminger: Phil, there's nothing new from what we've talked in the past. Still think it makes sense, but it takes a unanimous approval by all the owners but no update from the last time.
Gary R. Heminger: I would say, as we said last fall I believe, that we did a study from an engineering standpoint of what it was going to take. But it – from an engineering perspective, it's – I won't say it's easy, but it's just kind of a normal engineering project to be able to reverse the pumps and be able to reverse the flow. The biggest thing that I think you need to understand and the market needs to understand is where do you get the heavy crude supply into Patoka? In order to be able to reverse this you need a static heavy crude supply into Patoka so that you can have a good heavy supply and a ratable supply to the Eastern Gulf. And I would say that that is the issue, and with the downturn in crude prices and looking at the Canadian supply coming forward, I think the incremental Canadian supply is probably being pushed back a few years.
Gary R. Heminger: So I think you've got it right. That's chicken or the egg. And I wasn't saying that to give a hint on anything. It's just we have continued to see very strong and very robust demand on diesel into Latin America, Europe and South America with continued increases in the request for gasoline cargos. So I find both export products being very strong going into the third quarter and so I was just saying continue to watch that because I think that underpins the strength of refining going forward.
Gary R. Heminger: And what I was saying long term is it's not just – and it's going to – octane demand going forward is going to go with the changeover of the fleet. It's a changeover of the fleet and the manufacturers are starting to put out higher compression engines. So that will gradually grow with the changeover of the fleet that you're going to need higher octane as really the base gasoline to power these – the new cars coming off the line. So it's not going to be a drop in MPG that is going to hurt. It's going to be the incremental demand from the new fleet coming in with the higher compression engines.
