Donald C. Templin: Thanks, Gary. Turning to slide 5, we reported second quarter earnings of $1.06 billion and income from operations of $1.71 billion. Refining & Marketing delivered strong results with second quarter segment earnings of $1.03 billion, an increase of nearly $463 million over second quarter 2017. We operated exceptionally well throughout the quarter, with record throughput volumes, and we were able to capture wider crude differentials across our system. Within the Midstream segment, which largely reflects the financial results of MPLX, we reported income from operations of $617 million and achieved record gathered, processed and fractionated volumes, as well as record pipeline throughputs. Our Midstream operations continue to grow, given both their robust organic growth investments, as well as improved utilization of existing assets. While dialogues with investors seem to focus more on one basin versus another, we continue to be encouraged by the growth prospects across all of the regions in which we operate, and in particular, by the continued growth prospects in both the Northeast and the Permian. We encourage you to listen in on the MPLX call at 11:00 AM this morning to hear more about MPLX's performance and the opportunities across the business. On the retail side, Speedway reported income from operations of $159 million. In the second quarter, gasoline and distillate margins were adversely impacted by the overall rise in crude oil. Our focus continues to be optimizing total gasoline contributions between volume and margin as market conditions adjust. We are optimistic about the second half of the year for Speedway, as we are expecting to close on the acquisition of 78 store locations in Syracuse, Rochester, and Buffalo, New York in the third quarter. These stores will enhance our existing network and expand our brand presence in key growth markets. The completion of the pending Andeavor combination will add store location to Speedway's marketing territory, establishing a coast-to-coast presence. With its industry-leading retail position and loyalty program, Speedway is well-situated to expand over this nationwide footprint. As Gary mentioned, we've made significant progress on our proposed transactions from a regulatory standpoint. At the same time, we've also made substantial progress in our integration planning. Since we announced this transaction about 12 weeks ago, we've been focused on day one. Our combined teams have worked diligently to identify key best practices across our organization with the goal of developing a bottoms-up plan to achieve our $1 billion annual run rate gross synergy target. We are currently ahead of our baseline integration plan and expect to be ready to go at close. With that, let me turn the call over to Tim to walk you through the financial results for the second quarter.
Donald C. Templin: Paul, this is Don Templin. So I think the integration activities are moving along very well as I said in our comments. And one of the things that we're very focused on is delivering the synergies that we articulated when the combination was announced. We think that's a very important part of the value proposition. And you did rightly point out that there are some limitations on the information that we can look at and the Andeavor folks can look at, because we're still competitors. But one of the things that we're using is we're maximizing to the extent possible cleanroom and clean teams. So we actually are putting information into a data room, having clean teams look at that data, so that on day one – when we go to close day one, in five minutes we can go after synergies. So we feel very good about the progress that we've made. And obviously, when we have full access to information, that will reveal incremental information that will be valuable to all of our management team in terms of running the business. But we feel like we're making good progress and can go after synergies by using this methodology.
Donald C. Templin: Yeah. So we've been – we've looked at the IT environment. Both companies have invested significantly in IT, because we think that having a strong IT system and excellence around execution is really important. And so we have a plan to – over time, to take our IT systems and to integrate them. But we don't believe that the existing IT platform at Andeavor or the existing platform at MPC will be an impediment to us operating from day one, and that's what our teams are focused on.
Donald C. Templin: Yeah. So if you look at – this is Don again. If you look at our synergy capture, and we were targeting roughly $0.5 billion in year-one, and that escalates or grows into $1 billion run rate in year-three. So in year-one, if you looked at sort of the components of the synergies that we are anticipating to achieve, a number of them are around cost synergies and synergies around our sourcing and procurement activities. In the backend of the synergies are typically things related to refining and systems – optimizing our system and also optimizing kind of a ramped-in approach around our retail business. So those capital expenditures are very much tailored to the type of synergy that we're expecting to capture. Cost and optimization sort of in year-one, and enhancements to the asset base that we have as we go on into year-two and three.
Gary R. Heminger: No. Doug, I think you're looking at it right. And recall, the S-4 is not for guidance, it's really for our business plan, budgeting purposes. And yes, that is – those are the numbers that we used in determining the value of the two companies and for the fairness opinion. So, you know our company very well. We've always been very conservative in how we look at things into the future. And it does not necessarily mean that that is the value that we see, and with the IMO coming on and even with some upside potential in crack spreads. So this is not meant for guidance, this was meant to value the two companies.
Gary R. Heminger: And I would say that based on our outlook – and the other thing, Doug, as you look right now at inventories across the globe, we believe that inventories are in very good shape across the entire globe. And I believe that that's going to lead to upside potential as we get into the third quarter here. And as we then embark on 2019, which we think is where we're really going to start to see the upswing in the IMO effect. So those are not for guidance, those were for valuation purposes. And of course in December, we're going to have a big Analyst Meeting, and we'll get more granular at that time.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, I'll take the latter part of your question first. You're right. California, just like we've recognized here in the Midwest and the Gulf Coast in the second quarter, can be volatile. But when markets are volatile, if you operate well, have strong operational excellence programs, you can capture the optionality that's available on the marketplace as we just highlighted in the numbers that Tim went over. So, no, it doesn't change our outlook at all. California is going to have, as they would say in England, swings and roundabout. And it'll continue to have that, but we expect that. Of course, El Paso, Salt Lake, as you said, the Mid-Continent continues to be strong, and we would expect that to continue. But going back and looking at the integration and as Don reviewed, I would say, we have the bit in our mouth and we're ready to go with this integration. We have the HSR approval, waiting to finalize the S-4 and – but I've not seen any negatives, I've only seen positives. And we still have to be very careful of front running, and you can't get too detailed until you get the final approvals. But what we have seen to date is very positive, and we're looking at some opportunities just recently that we did not see in the original analysis that we had completed that are certainly upside. So I don't see any negatives from what we've looked at to date, Neil.
Gary R. Heminger: Sure. When you look at the Speedway same-store predictor to total gasoline demand, that metric has worked very well in kind of a flat, kind of normal market. I am not alarmed at all by the down 1.8% and that's for – that's month-to-date. In the second quarter, there was some volatility as well. But during that period of time, we've had mainly an up crude market. Recently, crude prices have been off a little bit. But in a very strong, as you say, the price-elastic market in a very accelerated crude market, you're going to deal with Speedway and where we sit trying to get that cost to the Street and being one of the leaders in trying to get that cost to the Street, it's going to cost you some volume. And – but when things simmer out, I look at where margins are on the Street right now and we're really starting to be able to reap the benefits of the position we have in the retail space. So, that doesn't bother me at all. Let me ask Mike to talk about – Mike Palmer to talk about the WCS market.
Gary R. Heminger: And Neil let me – to your point, let me add a couple other points. If you look at the U.S. stocks of both gasoline and diesel, gasoline is pretty much right on line with where we were last year, but after a little softer diesel as well as the entire distillate fuel stocks are at the bottom, if not below the five-year average, which I think bodes very, very well for the business going forward. And if you look at the turnarounds that are planned in the Mid-Continent, Mid-West here in Q2 – Q3, and then as we look at the Gulf Coast turnarounds possibly in Q4, I think inventories are going to remain for both gasoline and distillate, inventories are going to remain in check through the year, which bodes very well for the business. But as we look into 2019 and where we believe inventories will end up with the balance of this year, it should put us in a really good position moving into 2019 as well.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, I would say, Phil, even though we have a very large transaction going, we don't take our eye off of the entire industry and the entire horizon of what's going on in the marketplace. So, yes, we continue to evaluate almost everything that is available and a lot of things that probably aren't available. So, we will look, I wouldn't say that that means that we're running to the finish line with anything at all.
Gary R. Heminger: No. I just looked at where the inventory is situated today, knowing where the turnarounds are in the Mid-Con, Midwest in Q3. They'll start up in probably early-Q4 down to the Gulf Coast. But inventories are in check across the board, and I think – and you're right, last year, the latter part of Q3 was very, very strong due to the dislocations in the market based on the storms that hit the country. Let's hope and pray that we don't have those storms this year, but – so, we are going to be up against some pretty strong numbers from last year. But nevertheless, inventories are in good shape, turnarounds are to be heavier in Mid-Con, Midwest than probably in the Gulf Coast. I think that bodes well especially when you look at, as I said earlier, on the global macro demand picture, I think that puts us in a very good position, puts the industry in a good position.
Gary R. Heminger: Roger, one of the things that we spoke about back when we talked about the merger with Andeavor is that our labor model and the platform that we've run all of our convenience stores, we're going to be able – in a very short order, be able to transfer and translate that type of technology into the stores when we close Andeavor. It will take some time, but that is one of the key synergies and I think key operating efficiencies that we're going to be able to really transfer into those stores. And that model or that platform that Speedway has, it manages all the inventory, and if you have a technology that can manage inventory, you don't need people counting things, but it manages all inventory in and out of the store, it manages labor, it manages day parts of labor requirements in the store to hit your peak periods. So you're going to be able to see that efficient model as we put it into the Andeavor stores, I think really be able to drive some gains in the retail into the future.
Gary R. Heminger: Yeah. To use the word matured, of course, we did as much due diligence as we could do. And again, you know how conservative we are, and in all of the discussions I've had with you, how conservative I am that we're going to put out – forecast the numbers that we're very confident that we're going to be able to achieve and beat. So, we're very confident from what we've – the work we've even done since April 30, very confident in what we have learned, what we continue to see, and I believe that we're going to see more. So, I would say, it's mature. I can't today sit down and delineate by month, but I think that we will have a rapid pace of being able to achieve these synergies. And it's incumbent upon both the Andeavor employees that would become Marathon employees and Marathon employees, we're all in this together and we're going to have a program that – to achieve these synergies, everybody in the company is going to be part of that program on how we attempt to achieve these synergies. But you're going to see us be able to, I think, embark on these very quickly.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, we have not prepared that schedule yet for the December Analyst Day, but we'll certainly give you more granularity on what we see, at that point in time, we would be through the first phase of transition to be able to I think really, with confidence, talk about some of the key parts of the synergy. But there could be, Doug, but we'll wait and see, but I'm pretty bullish on how – what we're seeing so far.
