Donald C. Templin: Ed, we didn't -- we don't have a specific number, I guess. When we -- after the tornado had hit, we'd indicated that the impact on crude throughput would be less than 5%. And the team did an amazing job of getting that fully operational in about 14 or 15 days. So the impact on sort of crude throughputs was not that significant.
Donald C. Templin: Well, I think, we've consistently said that it's very important for us to maintain our investment grade credit profile. And we've consistently said that we're going to manage the core liquidity, that's the $500 million to $1.5 billion you have referenced there, Jason. I think, we've also had conversations with you all about the fact that our balance sheet, even maintaining a strong investment grade credit profile, could take on incremental leverage. So we would expect that we would fund the acquisition with cash, but we'll also be accessing the debt markets to do that because we do think it's an important part of the investment thesis in MPC to be returning capital to shareholders and we're very confident and our board is very confident, based upon the recent announcement yesterday of the share repurchase authorization, that we can continue to do so.
Donald C. Templin: Okay, Paul, good suggestion. We'll continue -- we think, MPLX, and particularly, the GP, is a real value adder. And so we'll do that in order to make -- highlight that important cash flow.
Donald C. Templin: And Paul, it's 2/3 distillate, 1/3 gasoline. So just over 200,000 barrels a day of distillate and the remainder is gasoline.
Donald C. Templin: Yes, I guess -- Roger, this is Don. I would say it's more a function of our capability to be able to provide refined product to the markets where it was needed and the flexibility that we have with our logistics system, including our significant marine or barge system that allows us to be very flexible in moving product to markets where there is a good demand. So I think, historically, you've seen that we've been able to capture good margin from that -- price realizations compared to spot market prices. And we clearly were able to do that this quarter as well. I mean, if you saw the difference between sort of Slide 6 and Slide 7, Slide 6, that $657 million of other gross margin was really a comparator to a quarter where -- last year, where you had some unusual noise because of RINs and because of volatility in the Chicago market. One of the reasons we put in Slide 7 was we thought it also would demonstrate that $159 million is substantially or predominantly our ability to realize product realizations over spot. And we thought that would help people sort of triangulate, if you will, how we're doing in that area.
Donald C. Templin: Yes. So Faisel, I mean, historically, I think when you guys -- when we provided the market metrics that get us to indicated gross margin, there has always been sort of the difference between that indicated gross margin, and our reported gross margin has broadly been, I would say, in the $200 million to $300 million range. And that in second quarter of '13, it was a -- it was under that number, due in large part to the sort of noise around the RINs and how it impacted the spot prices. So in this quarter, I would say the difference between sort of the $200 million or $300 million that you would normally expect to see is the ability to -- the product price -- incremental product price realization that we were able to realize during the quarter.
Donald C. Templin: I think some of it is that, we're using, for example, in the Midwest, Chicago, 6-3-2-1 crack, and our activity in the Midwest is all over the Midwest, including markets that aren't in Chicago. So we're always -- we tell -- we think we have a lot of flexibility. We know we have a lot of flexibility in the ability to supply markets, and we use that flexibility to make sure that we're optimizing value.
Donald C. Templin: That will remain to be seen. But as we said, when we roll out the Hess acquisition, it gives us -- it just helps with the efficiency of our system. Now we'll have nearly 75% of short volume that we know where the volume is going. We picked up tremendous pipeline space on Colonial, and other pipelines have been servicing the Northeast and some of the Southeast markets. So we think it will be an add-on to our business today.
Gary R. Heminger: Ed, this is Gary. I wouldn't say there's a structural change. But if you compare the slides of the price realization, as Don was going to, as compared to Speedway, you can see that there was a change in Speedway's gross margin for the quarter, just illustrates how important our integrated system is and how we can take advantage of the marketplace and that dislocation as illustrated in those 2 slides. So I wouldn't to say it's a structural change, it's we have the ability to go to where the margin is.
Gary R. Heminger: I would say, first of all, we're still in pretty much the same steady state of, we said, about $800 million left from -- as compared to what we've already dropped down. That does not include the Sandpiper and SAX pipeline, nor does that include Cornerstone that we're working on now. So if you add those in, we're probably into circa $1.2 billion of EBITDA over time. As far as the ratability of drop downs and -- we look at MPLX as a great currency. And we want that currency to be very strong today, and we want it to be very strong as we drop down over many years to come. There certainly have been some other changes in the marketplace that some are employing. That continues to illustrate how important these MLPs and the growth trajectory of MLPs are. We expect to remain at a high level of compounded annual growth and -- which is what we have emphasized quarter-on-quarter, Ed. So we want this currency to be strong today, we want it to be strong tomorrow, and we're going to continue to manage within those parameters.
Gary R. Heminger: We certainly are, Ed. As I've said many times, MPLX is going to be a growth vehicle for our midstream, but it's not going to be tied, like it has been historically, just to the volume that MPC moves. So we have the ability, the intellectual capabilities to branch out, whether it would be into NGLs, whether it's into transportation fuels or other opportunities that are eligible earnings for an MLP. We believe we have the capacity to do any.
Gary R. Heminger: But I will say, Jason, that we really haven't had any other structural change in the way we're operating.
Gary R. Heminger: The project? Well, first of all, we haven't sanctioned that project. And it won't be until the fourth quarter, early first quarter, that we make our final determination. And we do not have all the engineering complete yet to be able to give you that number. We do expect, if we were to do that, it would add about 25,000 barrels a day of ultra low-sulfur [ph] diesel. But really what that project, and Rich can go into the details of what that project is doing as far as our feedstock slate.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, I have read this rumor that CITGO might be interested in doing something, but I would say right now, we're pretty satisfied with our footprint.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, Paul, I would say I agree with all of the above. But as I said, we think we have an outstanding currency. That currency has been very valuable today. It gives us the flexibility in the event we want to accelerate. If we need to accelerate for MPC purposes or we want to accelerate for MPLX purposes, we have that tremendous flexibility. But at the end of the day, we want to make sure the currency is valuable going forward. Yes, we have been measured and, yes, we're watching what's going on in the marketplace. But all of your suggestions, I think it was more of a statement than a question. I think all of your suggestions are spot on and is things that we study very, very carefully.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, Doug, and good morning to you as well. We're very, very pleased with Galveston Bay. First of all, it's an outstanding employee base, an outstanding workforce with a great work ethic. Secondly, as we've gone through now about 16, 17 months of operation, we continue to get more and more comfortable with the asset. You recognized it was in our K and will be updated in the Q here. The -- what the earnout was that at the -- the earnout payment to -- that we had to the prior owner was right in line with what we said, which says, the refinery is performing on a financial basis very well. I had stated earlier in our last conference call that this is an important year. We've already finished a major turnaround in the plant where we went in and repaired and really got things up to standards on the -- I will call, the crude side of the equation. And as I said, it's an important year. We still have another big turnaround to complete this year on the aromatic side of the business. Once that is complete, we will have pretty much been through the refinery. Then we're going to go to the low hanging fruit. The preliminary meetings that Rich and his team have had with me suggest there is a lot of low-hanging high-return projects that we can do. So I'm very pleased with the value generation, very pleased with how this positions us in the marketplace. And now with the Hess acquisition and picking up additional Colonial line space, we now have been able to pick up 90,000 barrels a day of Colonial line space, which -- between these 2 transactions, which I think gives us significant advantage to the marketplace to have that assured line space all the way to the East Coast. So, Rich, I don't know if you have anything else to add, but -- operationally, but we are very pleased, Doug.
Gary R. Heminger: And Jeff, one other key point. When we look at how much medium sour versus light we run, and it's a point that I make in D.C., it's a point that I make with the financial community, the market is far from saturated of running light sweet crude. We have the ability to run approximately 65% light sweet crude. We only ran approximately 45%, 46% in the quarter. So it's -- every barrel, as you know, is an alternative barrel. So again, that just shows there is tremendous opportunity, but we're always going to choose the most economical barrel.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, as I said, every barrel is an alternative barrel. So we're always going to look at what is the most economic barrel for us to purchase, and that's going to set the tone for us every day. As we look across the global supply chain. And again, this issue of condensate exports, I think, really is a sticky wicket in the marketplace today, if you will. Because the lack of transparency and the unknown has changed. I think some people, some foreign suppliers' ideas on how to supply the North American market, it's changed some of the South American suppliers and how they want to supply the North American market. I think it's going to take about 90 days, probably, for that stuff to sort itself out.
Gary R. Heminger: That's something, Paul, that we've looked at as -- LOOP as a part of the infrastructure. But let me kind of share with you how LOOP is built. You have 3 SPMs to unload these ships. Everything flows from the gulf into the shore base. We do not have the capability to bidirectionally flow that. We've looked at it. There's been some consideration, but in order to be able to pay off that investment to bidirectionally load, you would have to have significant volume. So technically, it could be done over time, but you'd have to change everything from the caverns at Galliano and change the flow pattern from Galliano all the way back out to the unloading platform in order to be able to do that, which would be a significant project and very, very costly. But we have looked at it.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, it is, Paul. And we'll just see -- I don't -- I do not believe that we're ever going to see that type of volume that would be required to be able to justify that type of a project. Certainly, not on the condensate export side. And when you look at the curves, long term, of domestic production versus whether or not we should export, I think, the markets are going to suggest, and the way the global producers are supplying the market, I think, long term, the global price will suggest that it's going to be very challenging to be able to support those type of economics and that type of investment.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, so I think, your presumption is correct. It is x Hess acquisition for Speedway. On the Pipeline Transportation side, we did expect that a good portion of that would be back-ended, particularly with our investments in SAX and Sandpiper. So we expect that we will broadly be at that $2.4 billion by the end of the year. It's just sort of how those dollars are being spent and the timing of when they're being spent, Roger.
Gary R. Heminger: Faisel, I would say, it's the -- it just illustrates the efficiency of our system probably to be able to move to the markets quicker than anyone else.
Richard D. Bedell: Jason other than just optimizing on crude slates, we did finish a hydrocracker project at Garyville in the first quarter, which increased its capacity. The design capacity was to increase it by about 10,000 barrels a day -- excuse me, 20,000 barrels a day. And that was successfully put on stream at the end of the first quarter.
Richard D. Bedell: Yes, I mean, that -- what we call the ROUX project, that reset hydrocracker project. It increases, like Gary said, I think it's about 28,000 barrels a day of distillate. It decreases our gas oil imports, and really, it's just -- it's a project based on the spreads between resid and ULSD.
Richard D. Bedell: Yes, I'll just ditto Gary's comments that we see that the refinery has a lot of upside potential from where it is now. And that's part of our capital budget process, and we're going through those options today. And they become clear as we learn more and more about the facility.
C. Michael Palmer: Jeff, this is Mike Palmer. I think that when you look at the forward curves that have things widening out a bit, I think that, generally, that does make sense to us. We haven't seen the kind of price signal from the domestic light crude oil that I think really would test refiners to run as much as they possibly could. I do think, as production continues to rise, as the BridgeTex pipeline gets built into Houston, I do think that there is the likelihood that you could see these differentials widen a bit. So what we're seeing in the forward market just generally makes sense to us.
C. Michael Palmer: No, I don't think I really could give you a rule of thumb. We're running our LPs every day. It really depends upon the product values in the market and which way we go between, say, LLS or Mars. I can tell you that with the recent price action generally over the last, I'll say, 6 months, that it's back and forth between whether you'd want to run LLS or Mars. But that's something we just have to look at every day.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes. I mean, specifically, with regard to the sweet/sour differential, Paul, I think that -- during the second quarter, I think that when you look at the Canadian heavy, for example, we had fairly reasonable differentials. And we expect to see those in the same kind of level going forward. When you look at the LLS Mars, I don't think there was anything that was particularly noteworthy.
