Timothy T. Griffith: Okay, thank you, Brandon. Good morning and welcome to Marathon Petroleum Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Webcast and Conference Call. The synchronized slides that accompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investor Center tab. On the call today are Gary Heminger, President and CEO; Don Templin, Senior Vice President and CFO; Mike Palmer, Senior Vice President of Supply, Distribution and Planning; Rich Bedell, Senior Vice President of Refining, Pam Beall, Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning and Government and Public Affairs; and Tony Kenney, President of Speedway. We invite you to read the Safe Harbor statements on Slide 2. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well, as in our filings with the SEC. With that, I'll be happy to turn the call over to Gary Heminger for opening remarks and highlights. Gary.
Timothy T. Griffith: Thanks Don. As we are going to poll for your questions we ask that you limit yourself to one question plus a follow-up. You may re-prompt for additional questions as time permits. With that Brandon, we are prepared to open up the call for questions.
Timothy T. Griffith: Okay, thanks Brandon. With that, we want to thank everyone for joining us today and for your interest in Marathon Petroleum. If there are additional questions you would like clarification on any of the topics discussed this morning, Jerry Ewing and Teresa Homan will be available to take your calls. Thanks for joining.
Gary R. Heminger: Thank you, Tim, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. We are pleased to report strong results for the quarter and full-year of $798 million of earnings in the fourth quarter and $2.5 billion or earnings for the full-year. MPC completed another milestone year. Our Refining & Marketing segment achieved income from operations of $3.6 billion for the year while executing the largest series of planned refinery maintenance projects in the company's history. Our achievements such as acquisition of Hess' retail operations and the acceleration of MPLX growth underscore our commitment to grow higher-value, stable cash flow segments of the business while optimizing our refining system for strong returns. While crude oil prices fell and crack spreads narrowed during the fourth quarter, we experienced strong product price realizations at both the wholesale and retail level. Speedway reported record earnings of $273 million for the quarter, including the newly acquired Hess locations and posted what would have been recording earnings for just the legacy Speedway locations. Conversions of these new locations and the deployment of Speedway's highly successful merchandise model are progressing well. As of January 31, 134 of the 1,245 acquired stores have been converted. We are taking the opportunity to evaluate ways to leverage existing best practices of both business models and implementing those practices across the entire Speedway platform. The earnings power of this combined business will be tremendous, and we are well positioned to execute our strategy to grow the EBITDA of this business to over $1 billion. MPC completed its third and largest dropdown to MPLX during the fourth quarter of 2014, which increased MPLX's interest in Pipeline Holdings to 99.5%. This dropdown was an important first step in our strategy to substantially accelerate the growth of MPLX. As the sponsor of MPLX, MPC intends to maintain a growing reserve of MLP eligible assets. That growth in reserves will be accomplished through MPC's continued focus of midstream investments and both entities' participation and energy infrastructure build-out that continues in North America. MPC continued to deliver peer-leading capital returns to its shareholders. MPC returned a total of $2.7 billion of capital to shareholders in 2014, $820 million which occurred in the fourth quarter. We have repurchased approximately 25% of the shares that were outstanding when we became a standalone company. MPC remains focused on the long-term value proposition for our investors. We also announced this morning our 2015 investment plan of $2.5 billion, which includes $1.3 billion for the refining and marketing segment, $452 million for the Speedway segment, and $659 million for the pipeline transportation segment. With respect to the residual oil upgrader expansion project at the Garyville refinery, we believe this project has great potential returns, but we are deferring our final investment decision as we further evaluate the implications of current market conditions on the project. MPC's 2015 capital plan reflects our commitment to further develop a stable cash flow, generate excitements of our business while enhancing refining margins. This will be done by growing our midstream assets, integrating the Hess retail operations into our Speedway business, and continuing to implement the margin enhancement projects in refining, including synergistic projects at our Galveston Bay refinery, which we acquired in 2013. Before I turn it over to Don, I also want to take this opportunity to remind investors that as a backdrop of the volatile crude price environment, we experienced over the last six months, we continue to be enthusiastic about the prospects for this business. Our flexible refining system, large retail presence, and extensive logistics network allowed us to successfully adapt to changing production and supply patterns. This was a year where our results clearly demonstrate the value of our integrated downstream system. Looking ahead, I think it is important to continue to pay close attention to crude oil inventory in PADD III and Cushing. We believe as those inventory levels continue to rise, it will have a favorable impact on crude differentials in the coming months. Fundamentally, ours is a spread business. We are well positioned to drive sustainable earnings in a variety of crude price environments, and we continue to believe that our best days are in front of us. With that, let me ask Don to review our financial performance for the quarter and provide some more detailed commentary on our 2015 capital plan.
Gary R. Heminger: Ed, this is Gary. As we said the last November, when we rolled out the acceleration, the fuels distribution was just a piece of the backlog, if you will of MLP eligible assets and we are in the process of going to a private letter ruling on the fuels distribution just to confirm what our thoughts are that this will all be eligible earnings, and we are very confident that it will, but there are certain steps you have to take. We would expect as we go through and look at future opportunities for MPLX, the fuels distribution more than likely is going to have to follow with the terminals as we go into that business, so we have plenty of run room where we need to instead of dropping in the fuels distribution, but we are carefully working on it and we expect to have that completed, that private letter ruling completed this year.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, it is very interesting Ed, if you look at the rig count Mike Palmer was just showing with me this morning. If you looked at the rig counts in the Bakken, Niobrara, Eagle Ford, and [indiscernible] rig counts have declined versus the Utica. The Utica's rig counts are fairly unchanged at this point in time and being one of the larger purchasers of the output of Utica, we continue to see growth in that volume. So we continue to still be confident in our open season, and the binding open season portion, and I think that truly reflects the change in the rig count.
Gary R. Heminger: Sandpiper and SAX we unfortunately have the delay in the ride away permits. They're moving along well. They have just completed some testimony last week on the ride away business side that continues to move along well. So it's just the delay in the permitting is why we're deferring the capital spend, but we expect both of them to be moving along once they are ride away and this typical need is completed by the end of this year.
Gary R. Heminger: Right, well, first of all on the Garyville ROUX project as we said in our earnings call this morning and in our capital plan that was released is that we are going to differ the final investment decision on the Garyville ROUX due to the very volatile crude markets and the crude markets tend to relay into the spreads that you will look between ultra low sulfur diesel and the heavy resid. So we are going to delay that for the time being, but still believe it is an outstanding project and one that has great potential for us, but at this point in time we will delay and come back and look at it at a later date. On the distillate, I will turn that over to Rich.
Gary R. Heminger: Right, well. First of all, let me go back to your first comment on the Garyville project and I know you've always stated somewhat of a breather, however, I look at these projects as being very important for the long-term sustainability of the company. And when you have a very strong project we will continue to look at that, but as I stated, we have delayed any final investment decision and we will continue to look at this, but we certainly need to see these crude markets come back to some normal range before we would step in and look at this again. 
Gary R. Heminger: Well as I said earlier, you have to have a view and a very strong view on where the ultra low sulfur diesel to resid spread will go into the future. And if you look at the projects based on for flatlining spreads and for flatlining different crude prices, even in today's markets it's still a good project, but it's not as robust as we had, as I said we'll continue to look at this and determine where we go from there. Looking at Mike Palmer and Rich just talked a bit about exports. The export, diesel across the globe is down just a little bit from the exports and the gasoline has picked up somewhat. And if you look at gasoline prices in this market, gasoline was very strong in the second half of the fourth quarter. As prices continued to decline, we were able to see an uptick in gasoline demand. But recognized we're comparing ourselves same period this year when you look at same-store results both in the same period this year versus last year and we have a lot of other issues going on last year. We had three polar vortex events, very heavy snowstorms. Now this year we have the addition of the Hess locations in the Northeast. We have stores that we didn’t have before that we're comparing some numbers against this year some very heavy snowstorms in the Northeast that we did not have in the period last year. But we see gasoline demand and my view is gasoline demand will continue to be strong this year and I think even at this prices, anything below 250 [ph] is going to continue to be robust for gasoline demand. I think we are just in a little bit of a low in Europe as far as diesel demand and the amount of exports of diesel, but we still see fundamentally across North America and even into the international markets we think diesel demand is going to be strong.
Gary R. Heminger: We have been and will continue to be very focused on capital discipline. If you look at the projects and our budgets they, and our capital plan for 2015 it aligns very much with the Analyst Day meeting we had at the end of 2013, where we said we're going to continue to invest in midstream and in our Speedway retail segment and in those very strong projects within refining that will give us high rates of return and that's exactly what we're doing. At the time we at that Analyst Meeting we did not have the Hess acquisition on our radar, but the investments we are doing are in the legacy Speedway locations, where we're going very strong, in fact across the entire Speedway chain. If I look at the return on capital employed in that segment over the last five years, we've continued to increase return on capital employed each year. So we think that was a - that strategy and our deployment of capital in Speedway is very sound. The same way in the midstream our strategy around Sandpiper and SAX and our Cornerstone are a very strong and that it provides very good earnings from a MLP -eligible earnings type of a project, but behind that it also has some very strong components that provides synergies to Mike Palmer's crude oil acquisition strategies and also into some of our light product distribution strategies. So we will continue to be focused on those components and then let me turn it over to Don to talk about the balance sheet, share repurchases versus dividend and our philosophy. 
Gary R. Heminger: Sure, let me take both of those Neil, first of all on the union and the strike at various refineries around the country. It's been very orderly. We have two plants that have been affected, our Galveston Bay Refinery and Catlettsburg and both and we were very well prepared in the event this happened at any of our plants, as I said we were very well prepared, we were operating these plants at a very cleaned, what I should say cleaned turnover is the word I was looking for, cleaned turnover when the union workers left and we took over. And we would expect to continue to have very strong operations and as I said, we are well prepared, we were well trained and when you have these type of incidents you have to be prepared. So we'll continue to see Neil how this plays out. On crude oil exports and this really comes back to the crude oil exports that and it's a definition of crude oil exports. What is being exported is condensate and as I have said in the past and I have said in Washington, we really do not see that the condensate is an issue for U.S. refining, and what we've always in the past that there is not a glut of crude oil on the marketplace. Therefore some innuendo that there was a glut of crude oil, therefore we have to be able to export light crude oil. We do not see that as factual. And as we continue each month to close out the books, we continue to see areas where we do not get the deliveries of light crude that we had expected, and then the backdrop of that is to look at the imports that are coming into the country still suggest that we have at least 50% or so of the crude oil requirements of North America being imported. So looking at the condensate that is being exported, I'm not so certain that the volume has increased that much as maybe the media around this issue has dropped off more. So I think that's really more the subject that is going on, but it has not affected of us and I come back to most important thing to watch is how the exports coming in to the U.S. Gulf Coast as I said the imports with the exports from the middle east and others that are coming into the Gulf Coast has continued to watch how that grows, look at inventory that is building up in Houston and Cushing, I looked at the numbers in the last couple of days to see how PADD III, PADD II and Cushing inventories and for the last three weeks in a row have continued to grow if I take it even back to October, November, December, those inventories continue to grow in those markets. And that is what is even I think to watch to determine where crude spreads might be going. And overall where the crude price in the market may be going.
Gary R. Heminger: And Paul, let me ask Rich to make any comments after has finished these two big turnarounds any further comments on what you see in the plant and how you are in your staged planning that we talked about back in the acquisition day.
Gary R. Heminger: Right, and Paul on Capline, we've talked about this somewhat before. We're completing the engineering to reverse this pipeline is not that difficult and the engineering studies will be complete here in the first quarter. But the longer term effect is really the commercial and it really goes back to and especially in this crude market that we're seeing today, we have a lot of analysis to understand where is the or do we have enough supply and it needs to mainly be heavy, so Canadian heavy type of input and there is enough supply to be able to satisfy those refineries in the upper PADD II markets who have already converted and require the Canadian heavy in order to be able to fill up their coffers. And then secondly, how much volume is available to get all the way down to the St. James or Louisiana Gulf Coast. So that is the big study that we know is going to take the balance of the year to understand if we you can line up the supply, how that supply will move to the markets and how that supply may affect some of the upper PADD II refineries I discussed touched earlier.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, I might have Mike Palmer cover this, but the comments that were made before was that there is a glut of light sweet crude. We ran 51% sour in the quarter which means we ran 49% sweet. That says and we believe we can run up to about 65% sweet crude, light sweet crude in our units. That suggests we have a tremendous runway to run more light sweet crude. If it is priced – if it is the right barrel and if you look at the alternative barrel if it's the next best priced barrel then that's what we would buy. So let me have Mike go into this in a little more detail.
Gary R. Heminger: Hey, Mohit, this is Gary. You know, the market that we're in and we are seeing many opportunities come across our desk throughout the entire market. I think we're very well positioned. If something made sense we're well positioned within our balance sheet and are very well positioned within MPLX. If something made sense within the logistics from midstream side of the business we would I think be in a good position to be able to act. But the key here is to be cautious and to do your - continue to do very strong due diligence on anything that might become available because I think there will be more and more things available in the marketplace as we go forward.
C. Michael Palmer: Well you know, that's the $64,000 question in my mind and everyone's mind is how long does this very weak market last. You know, I think to the extent that we see oversupply in the market, which certainly appears to be with us during the first half of the year, you'd believe the steep contango should be with us. As things come back more in the balance in the second half of the year, then I would guess that the contango would narrow.
C. Michael Palmer: Well, you know Phil, I guess the – this is Mike Palmer. I guess the thing that we've been focused on of late is how quickly that Brent-WTI spread has moved out from something on the order of $1 out to $5 in that range and I think that's related to something that we've talked about before and that's just the inventories, they are building up on the U.S. Gulf Coast. So you know, it's extremely difficult to go out very far into fine forecast that differential, but it's at $5 today and certainly as inventories build it could go wider.
C. Michael Palmer: Yeah, it's kind of an interesting phenomenon where you get the - have three inventories that have been consistently rising, but certainly that doesn't appear to be in the very light sweet crude oil, you know, especially when you look at differentials. The differential between LLS and Mars has been fairly consistent around that $4 level and there's been no compelling advantage to buy these light sweet crudes. And certainly when we look at the market today and if you're in the market on a spot basis for some of these again light sweet shale crudes, they are not very plentiful. So the inventories that are building up you know, we don't have a breakdown of exactly what that is, but certainly the differentials don't reflect the fact that it's a glut of this very light sweet shale crude that producers have been worried about.
C. Michael Palmer: I think it's a combination of all those things to be honest and I think that the other thing that is happening as you know is the logistics systems continue to build out. So there's more line fill that's needed. I think that's one of the differences between this year and last year, but we certainly don't see this glut of this very light material that that producers have been worried about.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, this is the Mike Palmer. Yeah, what I would say is that we are a big player in that feedstock market and generally when you're talking about VGO, as you know I mean the VGO is just extremely sensitive to the operations of those Gulf Coast refineries. If you have a CAT cracker go down and it is surplusing VGO into the market, you can get very attractive differentials and that’s true of planned turnarounds as well. So that's a market that we're involved in all the time buying and selling in VGO. Our position changes depending upon our turnaround schedule, but it's something that we always take advantage of.
Donald C. Templin: Well, I guess Evan, this is Don. We don't typically comment on sort of individual components of the business. I guess when I was explaining the results for the quarter, in that other gross margin caption about two-thirds of the differential from last year's fourth quarter was related to, you know, product price realizations, and that's really a function of you know, wholesale and brand. So that to me is a demonstration if you will of sort of the earnings power of that part of the business, but in terms of the - when we had come up with the $600 million of fuels distribution that could potentially be MLP –able, that was largely a function of our wholesale and BRENT volumes of 20 billion gallons times, you know we just used a $0.03 marker to get you 20 billion gallons times $0.03 cents to the $600 million.
Donald C. Templin: And Phil, this is Don. I think you had asked about sort of export. We averaged about 282,000 barrels a day in the fourth quarter of exports and about two-thirds of that was distillate and a third of that was gasoline. So we continue to see strong markets in terms of our ability to place export products both gasoline and distillate.
Donald C. Templin: Neil, this is Don. I think that we are not targeting a particular amount of share repurchases in any period. I mean what we've historically leave was, was the way to manage the balance sheet, what we've communicated to you all is that we look to core liquidity and that sort of drives our investment allocation. So to the extent that we have the cash on our balance sheet that supports our core liquidity, the incremental cash is either invested in the business or returned to shareholders and if it isn’t being invested into the business we are returning it to the shareholders. So that is really the way we look at that allocation of capital.
Donald C. Templin: Yeah Paul, this is Don. I mean you are right, we did about $1.2 of turnaround expense last year. If you look at our guidance or just the outlook for the first quarter of 2015, you compare that to the first quarter of 2014 our turnaround, the projected turnaround expense is substantially down and you know it's probably in the $250 million range or slightly higher than that compared to first quarter of 2013. So we would also expect there be a bit of that that would play through in the rest of the year, but that's in the guidance of the outlook information that we've provided there.
Donald C. Templin: Well I would say that that number has probably been in the $800 million range, you know, broadly. I mean it's hard to point to a typical year. I would say last year it was $1.2 billion, maybe it was a $400 million differential this year to, for last year, but it is hard to kind of, each year is different and it depends on which units are being turned around and what not, but I'd say broadly that would be a good guide.
Donald C. Templin: Chi, this is Don. I would say broadly if prices are falling quickly we tend – it tends to be sticky coming down and we tend to outperform. If prices are rising quickly the inverse is true. We tend to - it tends to take as a little while to catch up. So you know, in a flat environment I would say we would typically perform consistent with how we've done in the flat environments in a drop, in a dropping price environment, you know, we tend to outperform and this is really against the market metrics as opposed to our ability to capture margin, but it's against the market metrics and then in a rising price environment, you know, we tend to capture rate at least as it's reflected against those market metrics tend to be, tend to show that we are not getting all of that as the price runs up.
Donald C. Templin: Yeah Chi, I would say that when you look at the crude slate in general there have not been very significant changes to the crude slates. As you know, I mean we basically have a process in place where we will take advantage of whatever the most advantageous crude is during a month when we're optimizing. So I don't think that the changes to the crude slates have been huge. We continue to focus on the domestic crudes, North American crudes, Canada as well as the U.S. and I think that will continue to be the case.
Donald C. Templin: Yes Brad, I think our view and our commitment is to maintain an investment grade credit profile. So that will guide sort of all of our actions around what our balance sheet looks like and you know, right now we feel comfortable that our balance sheet comfortably supports an investment grade credit profile. And as we make investments in the business and as we continue to look at M&A opportunities, we'll continue to evaluate what the balance sheet needs to look like to make sure that we don't cross the line or put any pressure on that investment grade credit profile.
Richard D. Bedell: Well, the Garyville distillate, or hydrocrack, or not distillate hydrocrack. Hydrocrack expansion that was taken from 95,000 to 110,000 and it is doing all of that and has been for most of the year. I think anything you see in distillate in the fourth quarter we had some hydrotreaters down and some turnaround activities at Galveston Bay and Garyville on catalyst changes, so that's probably what you're seeing there.
Richard D. Bedell: Well, we could continue to work through and we still have some more turnarounds out in the future on some of the Capline [ph] areas, but that's out in the out years. So we've been through some of the crude units and the hydrocracker s and we've been refurbishing them and getting them up to our standards. And we’ve seen through last year we set record production rates on a number of units at that refinery and we continue to optimize it and we think it's a great platform going forward.
Richard D. Bedell: Yeah Brad, this is Rich Bedell. We put the Canton splitter online at right the end of the year and it's running, we run it up to designed capacity. We're running maybe 20,000 barrels a day right now. So it's running very well.
Anthony R. Kenney: Jeff, January the light, the gasoline same-store we reflected negative 0.8 tens of a percent on gasoline and that is only for the legacy Speedway stores. We are not tracking yet same-store metrics on the Hess assets until the 13th month when we have confidence in those metrics.
Anthony R. Kenney: Yeah, I guess what I would say is that from the Speedway and Hess side of the business during the month of January we actually saw about just under 10% increase in the wholesale cost to our business. So as we've attempted to pass along those increased costs to the market, you know that price elasticity does come into play for us. So as we're out there with those prices there may be some shifting between gasoline volume between competitors in the market and that's generally what I would say that the eight tenths rules, that reflects the Speedway.
Anthony R. Kenney: Yeah Jeff, I would say that I'm very pleased with the overall, I mean from the very beginning I took over the operations on October 1st and this is really a lot of credit goes to the wonderful people and the execution and the focus that Hess had on the business we basically were seamless. So the ongoing day-to-day operations and probably the most important aspect is making sure we're taking care of the customer and we've got some very good feedback from our customers. They've acknowledged the performance. So I've been very pleased on that side of it. In terms of the overall business, I think we're seeing that as we continue to implement the best practices at a stepped-up pace, the conversions and branding from Hess to Speedway as well as the implementation of the technology platforms inside the store such as our Speedy Rewards program, those are all generating the types of benefits that we would expect from that activity. The comment in terms of the synergies, we met the $20 million in the fourth quarter 2014 that we told the market and we are on pace to hit the 2015 mark as well for synergies. So, so far so good.
