Pamela Beall: Thank you, John. Good morning everybody and welcome to our fourth quarter 2012 earnings webcast and conference call. The synchronized slides that accompany this call can be found on our website. On the call today are Gary Heminger, President and CEO; Garry Peiffer, Executive Vice President of Corporate Planning and Investor & Government Relations; Don Templin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Palmer, Senior Vice President of Supply, Distribution and Planning. Now, if you turn to slide two, please read the Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the question-and-answer session today.  Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today and factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I will turn the call over to Gary Heminger for some opening remarks.
Pamela Beall: Thanks Don. Many of you have asked about the assets in MPC's refining and marketing segment that could potentially be acquired by MPLX in the future. You will find in our 10-K which will be filed next month additional disclosure about those assets that we believe will be useful to investors. Now, as we open up the call for questions we ask that you limit yourself to one question plus a follow-up and then of course you may re-prompt for additional questions as time permits. So, John with that we would like to open the call to questions.
Pamela Beall: Okay. Well thank you Gary. Thanks everyone for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions I will be in the office this afternoon if you want to give us a call. Thank you. Bye, bye.
Gary Heminger: Thanks Chi and good morning to you. The operatorship -- this has been under discussion for some time and so I would find that separate from whether or not there is an opportunity to reverse the line. We continue to study those opportunities. As we’ve said before there were three owners and it takes all of us to agree on which direction that pipeline might flow. So, we will continue to analyze this going forward and determine if there's any change in that direction.
Gary Heminger: Well it’s going to be very interesting if Keystone XL gets approved or if its delayed, that is, I think it’s going to take longer to get that decision made than we had initially thought. But certainly if something would to happen in that pipeline doesn’t get built to the Western Gulf, then that would put I think a different view maybe for some of the owners on Capline, but all remains to be seen.
Gary Heminger: Right, the numbers that you have quoted are correct that we put out numbers to both the 2006 to 2010 timeframe and 2011. The number you have quoted is correct and Chi we are very pleased, I really congratulate and complement our refining team that built this project and had it up and running. It’s running very well. It's been able to meet its stated capacity very early on and so we are in the process now of testing to see, it’s too early yet Chi. If I take you back to how we brought Garyville up, we are in some very early stages, so I don’t have any of the test data yet on if it can outrun its design capacity, so it’s too early. But its running very well, and it came up relatively seamless.
Gary Heminger: Yes Doug, there are going to be many changes in the Canadian heavy market this year. Now, of course it depends on what happens with the Excel pipeline, but that won't be completed even if they were approved first half of this year, probably won't be completed into the 15th timeframe or so, somewhere in that arena. But we just brought Detroit up, DHOUP in November, and there is another very large project up in Whiting that will come up, we understand later this year. So we really would expect to have strong differentials through the front half of this year, and then we'll see what happens when those other project comes up. But at the same time you're going to see one or two more fields come on stream. And I still think it's going to come down to the pipelines and the pipeline capacity, and where and what regions that heavy crude can move. And then of course that will be tempered by any turnarounds and not any downtime in any of the Canadian upgraders or Canadian production operations.
Gary Heminger: I think $400 million is our expectation of the spend that we would have related to Galveston Bay this year, Evan. I would say substantially of all that relates to either regulatory or projects that were ongoing. Our view around expansion opportunities actually occurs in subsequent years.
Gary Heminger: Sure, Doug. Our numbers on exports appear to be about flat for distillate and I can talk about distillate because that’s the commodity that we export the most. So about flat to last year. One of the things that I think give us a good position in the market is the quality of the distillate that we are making out of Garyville as a high cetane rate which is sought after in the marketplace. So I think that is, say, it gives us a strong position. You will notice that we substantially increased quarter-over-quarter last year, the numbers were 151 this year to 94 last year. So we substantially increased that and continue to have a strong demand for our distillate.  As we take on Galveston Bay and the way -- part of the synergies and the way that we are going to operate there, the day we move some of our products, I would say we kind of crisscrossed with Galveston Bay because Galveston Bay is a very large supplier into the Florida market as same as Garyville is and then we also both plants were exporters into the Latin America, South America market and some to Europe. So, we will be able to pick up some synergy and be able to optimize how we move those products to marketplace and I think take advantage of some good transportation savings both in distance and in the volume or the metric tons that you are going to ship in one batch. So, that’s what we are looking at upfront, Doug.
Gary Heminger: Right. A couple of things, industry tax policy of course the industry would certainly embrace staying with LIFO and that’s the direction that we are working hard and trying to explain in Washington. I would say the biggest item in Washington that we are dealing with short-term will be the renewable fuel standard. It’s unworkable in its current approach. You see that there was a decision that came out this week that said that a decision was made that EPA oversteps some boundaries within the biodiesel side of the business. I would say Renewable Fuel Standard because as we come to hit the blend wall and the requirements that are there for blending and the lack of cellulosic and the lack of some other advanced cellulosic type of materials it really puts us in an unworkable solution, or unworkable position, I should say. The next discussion point is going to be around E15 and we don’t think that works either and it’s going to be something that we continue to work very hard inside the beltway. From a tax position, we certainly embrace staying with LIFO. I will let Don discuss.
Gary Heminger: Yes, Blake. First and most important to us is to bring this on a very safe manner, safety to the employees, safety to the community and the environment and that’s really where we are focused. We have set up a complete separate team to be able to bring this on and turn this over so that they are not distracted with their job back at one of their other refineries they are there to look after this plant. We have named the new management team and we have confidence in their abilities. We are not going to focus on cost cutting early on. We really need to, as Don outlined a little bit ago, that the capital that is on our plate this year is mainly to this and the next couple of years is to complete the regulatory or consent decree capital if you want to call it then that is required in this plant. Then we will focus on what is the best way in our opinion to operate. Mike Palmer’s group is going to focus on the best way to optimize the feedstocks and then how we sell it into the marketplace. I want to be very clear, we are not going to step out and try to reduce operating cost immediately until we totally get this under control and a safe turnover the operation.
Gary Heminger: We don’t see that we will have any problem meeting the renewable mandate. Please understand the way that RINs work is you can carry some RINs forward and then we buy RINs on the third party market as well and of course there was a bit of issue a couple of years ago with the validity of some RINs but that has pretty much been all straightened out and we feel confident that it is not going to give us any problem in meeting that window.
Gary Heminger: Alright. Pam let me state that, I mentioned something in my speech that I thought afterward, for the folks at Speedway I said 15 straight quarters, it’s really 15 straight years that they have increased their merchandise sales and my compliments to them.
Michael Palmer: Oh yes Chi, obviously, we talked before about the ability of bringing in an incremental 80,000 barrels a day of heavy Canadian and we've been ramping that up. But basically we've been bringing in the heavy Canadian, which we've been very successful at acquiring and moving, and just backing out a really what is a variety of other lighter in some sweet crudes.
Michael Palmer: Evan, this is Mike Palmer. We have looked at rail over and over again. If you look at our system, again, with our plants in the Midwest and the plants in the Gulf Coast, we just don’t think that our investing in rail makes a lot of sense. We think that we can accomplish much lower transportation costs through pipeline. We understand why others do it, but what we have looked at it and just can’t make sense of it.
Michael Palmer: Yes, Blake. This is Mike Palmer. We certainly believe that here in 2013 that there really won’t be any material volume of foreign cargo sweet crude left in the Gulf. We always look to optimize our crude slates and where we can bring in a domestic barrel that’s priced better and provides higher profitability than a foreign barrel, we do that. So, there is not a lot of foreign sweet crude that we bring into the Gulf anymore. There may be some at Galveston Bay and once we get the LP and we are looking at that refinery closely will determine what the best crude slate is there. The other thing I would say is, while they won’t be any real material light sweet cargo crude coming into the Gulf, there will always be opportunities that various refiners will look at to bring special crudes in that provide value to that refinery. So, it’s not as if this crude is going to go completely away.
Michael Palmer: Yes, this is Mike Palmer. Let me answer that. As you well know, the reason for these very wide differentials that we are seeing on the heavy Canadian now is due to pipeline constraints and that’s for everybody. What we will do as we go forward is we will have to look at the logistics space, the pipeline space that we have and how we best utilize that space within the system. So, whether or not the heavy barrels that we can get into say the Patoka area, whether those move on to Garyville by barge or whether we move those by pipe down to Galveston Bay or whether we move those to the Midwest system will be part of the optimization process that we will do each and every month. But there are pipeline constraints.
Donald Templin: Yes. Ed, with respect to I would say the operating expenses or manufacturing costs, we have embedded those manufacturing costs in the outlook information that we have included in our slides. So that includes two months’ worth of Galveston Bay or the Texas City refinery in those amounts. So, you can see kind of those numbers as reflected or compared to 2012. With respect to the EBITDA, we don’t give specific EBITDA per plant or by refinery, but at the time that we did announce the acquisition last year we used two different price decks and the incremental EBITDA associated with the refinery using those two price decks was between $700 million and $1.2 billion.
Donald Templin: Ed, the other thing with your question on aromatics, we are just going to take over on Friday. We just received the LP, late in the process here and because the former owner that was their property and we need to make sure the same got to the finish line, as I said, it will on this Friday. So, we just got that LP. We will be refining that and really get into the details of that starting next week. So, we really can’t breakout the aromatics yet. But all of that value is embedded in the numbers, the 700 or 1.2, that John just gave you. Those numbers were based on a 12-month and of course, this is going to be an 11-month period.
Donald Templin: Well, Ed, we have made and I think we were a little bit ahead of the curve going back to when built Garyville. We built Garyville to be a balanced refinery about 50% gasoline and 50% diesel. Then when we did DHOUP the same thing to get more diesel output and to be able to lessen the amount of reset in the marketplace and then further investments we made at Garyville to even expand the hydrocracker to make more diesel and with the help of other process units and then lastly to be able to export that diesel out of the marketplace in an efficient manner. So we have made a lot of investments in what I call low hanging fruit early on and probably ahead of some.
Donald Templin: Evan, this is Don. We have not typically broken that out. I mean, you can see what we have included for pipeline transportation but a big piece of that number relates to the Patoka, the Catlettsburg upgrade expansion project. We have not separately detailed the other projects.
Donald Templin: Yes. So, with respect to inventory I think the comment I made was in the fourth quarter as part of our cash flow or working capital items our inventories at year-end were slightly below or were lower than our inventories at the end of the third quarter. On a year-on-year basis our inventories are just slightly up, maybe $200 million I want to say roughly. So, that’s the inventory.
Donald Templin: Yes. I think you had asked about LIFO but I don’t have the reserve number with me right now. If you are asking about the replacement cost, I mean, fair value exceeds our carrying cost by somewhere around $5.4 billion at the end of the year.
