Garry L. Peiffer: Yes, Ed. This is Garry Peiffer. Sure, we're watching all those transactions and activities very closely and considering that, when we set our growth -- annual distribution growth targets, and I think you know in those cases, we just celebrated essentially today, our 1 year anniversary, so we've only been in the MLP space for a relatively short period of time but we watch them all. And that's why I think in the last quarter, we gave a little more definitive guidance to the market when we said that we're projecting annual distribution growth in the 15% to 20% range for at least the next several years, to give a little more specificity, if you will, to what we're expecting and how we're expecting to grow the MLP. So we're definitely watching, aware of and analyzing all those activities.
Garry L. Peiffer: Yes. This is Garry, again. Yes, definitely. I think yesterday RINs we assessed maybe about $0.25 a gallon per RIN or about $0.025 per E10 gallon. In the third quarter, we averaged closer to about $0.85 or so and that was about the same in the second quarter. So the distortion that you saw in the second and third quarter is obviously less at $0.025 a gallon versus $0.085 a gallon so I think we're getting better clarity of what impact that has on the bottom line. And as you know, we've talked last time, it's really an impact whether you write a check to acquire RIN or you sell at the wholesale level, that effect really comes through financially, no matter which way you go about acquiring your RINs.
Garry L. Peiffer: Well, I think that's obviously affecting the overall market but I think the distortion, when you try to translate the gross, neat, spot values into a bottom line profit after RINs, that's where the distortion comes in.
Garry L. Peiffer: Paul, this is Garry Peiffer. Nothing that strikes me off the top directly. I guess, the one thing that probably has happened is kind of like we talked about earlier in terms of the RINs. I think there's better -- a little bit better understanding of the RINs effect going on between the second quarter and the third quarter, which was similar and the value of those RINs were similar. So I think the market, as you know, it takes a while for it to get a little clarity when you have a sudden shock to the system like when the WTI LLS spreads collapsed or when these RINs kind of enter into the equation and everything takes a little bit of time to recalibrate itself and I think that's going on now. The people understand impact of RINs on spot market prices, on crack spreads and on people's bottom lines. So I think it's more's maybe the market is getting itself a little more acclimated and recalibrated to this new world of -- you have to consider RINs in the calculation of how much you charge and how much you make.
Garry L. Peiffer: And I guess -- this is Garry, again. I guess, in the second quarter, we had pretty sudden increases in prices in the Midwest driven by some turnaround activity primarily, plus compounded by a bit of the confusion related to the RINs. So I think that has been mitigated in the third quarter. And I think as we've looked at the demand, we see demand as being relatively good for gasoline here in the last few months. So I think all those things are translating in a little bit better realization in terms of how much we put in our pocket at the end of the day versus those spot market values, unlike that sudden run-up in the second quarter for Chicago.
Garry L. Peiffer: I guess, Chi -- this is Garry Peiffer. What we've given in the way of some market metrics in terms of some moves in crack spreads and sweet/sours, we've incorporated in those calculations, our best estimates of what the Galveston Bay refinery impact is on those metrics. So we try to incorporate those into the metrics we've given already and when crack spreads change $1, we're saying that's roughly a $450 million or $425 million bottom-line effect. And so those all metrics, they all incorporate our best estimate of Galveston Bay.
Garry L. Peiffer: And, Chi, this is Garry Peiffer. Regarding the capital, just by the way we've historically constructed things and being here in the Midwest with a lot of sea stores that we're building at the moment, it's fairly traditional that we tend to spend not necessarily half, but a good share of our budget in the fourth quarter finishing up projects that we don't necessarily start in a lot of cases till the second quarter. So I have every confidence that we will spend close to the $1.6 billion, barring some major issue that we're not aware of at this point.
Gary R. Heminger: Evan, this is Gary. Yes, we do and as we continue to follow MPLX and back to Ed's question, certainly, we're following everything that's in the marketplace and as we discussed many times with our logistics assets that we have inside of MPC, as well as the remaining ownership that we have, this -- not the drop-down yet, into MPLX from our initial start of the company, we have much flexibility in many avenues in which we can turn. On top of that, I think it's very important to understand, we're working on many organic opportunities. As we stated when we first started this company, this was not just going to be a drop-down story of MPC assets. We are working very hard and expect to be able to give you some more color when we're together in early December around that strategy. So again, it's not just around MPC, it's what we can do to grow this business and really tee it up for the long-term. And as I said, we'll give you more information on that when we're together in early December.
Gary R. Heminger: Right. Well, that's a very delicate situation, as you outlined, Paul. What we could do to mitigate is really a strategy that we have employed for many years. Being one of the larger suppliers into the Midwest PADD II and having pipeline logistics that we can move from PADD III into PADD II and then using our barge system that we also can move products out of PADD II, we optimize every day and we are a big buyer of additional products in the Midwest, as well. And over the years, what we have done to mitigate that is to be able to take advantage of excess -- at times, excess product, mainly gasoline. Distillate is fairly balanced in PADD II, but mainly gasoline. If there's excess product available, we buy it for different turnaround cycles, different maintenance cycles and we can deploy that around the Midwest instead of shipping it up from the South. I'm sure that you have noticed over time that pipeline shipments from the South in various of the big common carrier systems has certainly declined over time and that's because of the way we have tried to resupply some of those markets by using that product in the Midwest. I will agree with you that when you look at the shoulder quarters and especially the inventory that was in place, as I said in my talk earlier, the inventory that was in place over the summer, building for hurricanes just don't build inventory in the Gulf Coast for hurricanes but in the form of either crude or refined products. We moved that up into some of the Midwest terminals, as well. So as that inventory was there and you reduce that inventory and use it up, it's -- I think that is what has caused some of the downturn in the crack spreads over this period of time. But those are the types of things that we have done to try to mitigate and be a leader in the marketplace.
Gary R. Heminger: Paul, this Gary. What we have seen -- and you're right, and I think it goes back to the discussion I had before about mitigating prices due to -- at times, excess supply in PADD II. As we go in now to PADD IV and just looking here at some of the terminal prices, we are seeing a rebound in both gas and distillate pricing so far here in the fourth quarter. And again, it's using up that inventory that was on hand for hurricane and other weather impacts, so we...
Gary R. Heminger: Sure. And you're right, Doug. We've talked about this and maybe we're one of the early ones to come out and chat. Let me turn this over to Mike because Mike has a lot more detail in the crude markets right now. So Mike, if you'll take that question.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, as I said earlier in my speech, Doug, we have expanded into both Tennessee and Western Pennsylvania. With our Canton refinery with Utica Shale and moving this product into Western Pennsylvania, especially as you see some of the logistics change from the East Coast that used to bring refined product back to Western Pennsylvania, we have seen a great opportunity to move into that market. And Speedway has done so, same as in Tennessee. So they're expanding those markets as well as continuing to fill in the flanks, if you will, in the current markets in which we have operated. More so with rebuilds stations than with new builds in those states. But we're going to continue to step out with Speedway. I doubt that we will do a leapfrog of several states unless we can do something that has some market density. Your question pertaining to Hess, my compliments to John Hess, he has developed, I think, one of the best looking retail chains across the eastern seaboard. And we'll just continue to see what plays out as they make their strategic decisions on that part. But as I say, my hats off to them. I think they have one of the best looking systems on the East Coast.
Gary R. Heminger: I think it would be an excellent fit. We'd be an excellent fit with Speedway. Marathon is the upper side of our business whereas Speedway is the company-owned and operated side. So we'd be a good fit there.
Gary R. Heminger: Sure, Chi. And that's a very fair question. And what we've decided to do, Chi, we have several things to talk about at Galveston Bay. Instead of using the conference or earnings call here to the talk about this, this is going to be one of the primary things we discuss at our meeting in December. So if I could ask your forgiveness to give me 6 weeks and we'll give you a lot more detail. Out of the synergies that we've been able to capture so far, the different crude runs we've been able to change and capture that Mike's group has done and then Rich's group on what some of the opportunities are as we see, to really capture additional, what we see, potential value. That's really going to be one of the centerpieces of our presentation in December.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, as you know, we have not given individual refining information and our plan is competitively -- and I know there are several of you that -- and probably all of you, that will like us to give individual refining information going forward and we're not -- our plan is at this time, not to do that. I think Garry might have some comments about the capture rate itself.
Gary R. Heminger: And Chi, just a year ago, when we were outlining Galveston Bay and what our plans were, and then we closed that transaction February. I'll leave a little bit forward here and talk about -- we're very pleased with the operation of the plant and how it's performing on a volumetric basis. We've gone in and repaired and really brought this refinery up to our standards in many areas. As I said, this was not a dash that we were entering, this was going to be a journey and this was going to be a longer-term run here. And so that's why we're going to outline for you in December, what some of the opportunities are. But I would say, no surprises. We continue to gather synergies at a faster clip than we had expected and we're very pleased with the asset to date.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, Doug, that's a very fair question. Again, I want to be very careful that we don't lean too far forward here until we're ready to make a full, sum presentation on Galveston Bay. But let me ask Rich Bedell here to make a few comments.
Gary R. Heminger: And Jeff, we've previously talked about the SAX extension. We've been public about that and things we're working on as to everyday is to provide a cheaper alternative. And if rail's a cheaper alternative, we certainly were to -- would be investing in that. But where our refineries are and the way we're situated, totally agree with Mike's comments. We're blessed with a very strong midstream system, continue to grow that midstream system and we'll more than likely do that with pipes and possibly barges rather than rail.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, the big thing, Roger, with our exports, when we built our GME project and started up in '09, we built a brand new dock. At the time, we thought that the dock had a capacity of about 75,000 barrels per day. We've been able to de-bottleneck, we've been able to add some incremental tankage. And in fact, Rich has a big gasoline tank that will done at the end of this year, early part of next year, to even provide us more flexibility. So what we have done is we've been able to de-bottleneck the Garyville docks, using the crude and other product dock space to be able to optimize way beyond what we thought. We have the same thing at Galveston Bay and we're continuing to optimize Galveston Bay and then we have a big study on how sort -- your question is asking number of years down the road. We have a big study on how we can optimize Galveston Bay's dock down the road to be able to get more capacity. So every quarter, the guys tell me we're at capacity and we find ways to get more out of the plants and over the docs. So we will continue to do that.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, Faisel, there are many pipeline projects being talked about, especially in the Gulf Coast. A lot of people announced projects before they had done sometimes. A lot of competition for pipeline capacity coming out of the Eagle Ford. There's some pipeline reversals and some incremental pipelines being discussed in between LOOP and in the Houston ship channel. The SAX pipeline that we already talked about is going to give us that niche that is missing today to be able to get us to get to more crude eventually down into the Gulf Coast area. So there are many opportunities going, some that we're looking at being investors in through MPLX and some that might just be shipping on. And I'll ask Mike to -- maybe to add a little more color here.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, there continues to be discussion, obviously, with the RIN issue and all the work that we've done inside of the beltway on the RIN issue. There's been some discussion at the same time about exporting crude. We'll see. We're really exporting crude today. It just happens to look like refined product and that is the mechanism to export crude today. We'll see where it goes. I think it's more than likely down the road that, that would even be considered. The second thing you look at is if you were to export crude, whether the markets that are really clamoring for types of light sweet crude that are available today. And I think Mike outlined it very well when he was talking about the number of the pipelines in the Eagle Ford to the Permian, trying to get this into the refining suite that uses these types of crudes is really what's going on right now. But we will wait and see what happens on the crude side. There's not a lot of discussion on it right now.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, Allen, what we have said about Speedway and the Marathon Brand also is that we think it's important to continue to increase the amount of -- our definition is called controlled volume. That's where we can use our pipeline assets, our terminal assets, our refining assets in order to be able to have a steady, gradable movement of that product into the marketplace. And we would like to grow that number, get it back up into the 70% or so range. We used to be at about 65% before we bought Galveston Bay. Granted, we got a number of retail stores or retail supply, I should say, to the Marathon Brand when we bought Galveston Bay. But that number is probably down in the high 50% to 60% type range today. So we have a strong appetite to continue to grow. We think Speedway continues to show very strong return on invested capital-type numbers and expect that into the future. And we think retail in the future is really going to be -- the winners in that market are the ones who are going to have the best back room and the best cost control. And I think Speedway ranks up there in both of those as a top-tier, best-in-class performer. But the amount of capital it's going to take, as I said earlier in my comments, be hard for us to leapfrog markets just to go buy a chain somewhere that does not give us synergies that we have today. But we do have a strong appetite to grow our retail.
Gary R. Heminger: No, we're increasing operating leverage, as well. As long as it's contiguous to the operations we have today and that's why I say we find our economics -- it does not benefit us to leapfrog into a market that we don't have density in. So yes, we do get operating leverage and it's because we think we have a very sophisticated, low-cost backroom platform that manages inventory, manages the stores and Tony Kenney and his team have been, I think, have outperformed this market. When you look at a total margin per gallon or margin per merchandise dollars sold, I think that they stand at -- they're definitely a top-tier performer.
Gary R. Heminger: It's hard to say because the manifest that we have -- we're loading FOB Garyville or FOB Galveston Bay. In some cases, we're selling to the end-user in both markets but in some cases, we're selling to an aggregator who might be moving it into markets that we're not aware of. So I can't say right now what the split is.
Donald C. Templin: Yes. Evan, this is Don. I mean, we have consistently said that we are committed to returning cash that's in excess of the needs of our business and core liquidity needs to our investors, and we've discussed a number of times, our view around sort of our core liquidity needs, including the cash balance that needs to support that core liquidity needs. And the activity that we've been undertaking really in the last 12 to 18 months has been very focused at getting our cash balance down, working it down and returning that excess cash that isn't being deployed to the business to our shareholders. I do think that we have a lot of tools in the future that are available to allow us, in addition to sort of our strong earnings growth profile and what we think we continue to grow in the midstream, MPLX is a great tool and we can generate cash by dropping assets down to support return of capital to shareholders. We have LP units, as you know, that we can monetize if we need to. So I feel great about our ability, over the long term, to continue to return capital to our shareholders in a very disciplined way.
Donald C. Templin: With respect to the utilization impact, our outlook information, that includes the projected crude throughput at the refinery. So that data that we projected forward there includes the volumes or decrease in volumes arising from the turnaround. We don't give specific information on which refinery it is and how long the turnaround lasts.
Donald C. Templin: Yes, Chi, that's an accurate budget and what we'll do at our December Investor Day, we'll plan to give you the '14 budget, as well, that we have a board meeting coming up where that gets approved and the timing of that meeting was scheduled so that we could communicate the '14 budget to you all.
Donald C. Templin: I guess, in terms of your -- I guess, I'd interpret your question, do you think you'll go over your $1.6 billion? I mean, we are not expecting to go over the $1.6 billion. We might come under that $1.6 billion, if that's your question.
Donald C. Templin: Yes, in the minimum -- on the core liquidity, I think we've consistently said that we believe that the core liquidity for MPC is somewhere in the $4.5 billion to $5 billion range, and that's currently satisfied by the $2.5 billion revolver, the $1 billion AR securitization and then the cash balance makes up the rest of that commitment. So I think we've said $1 billion to $1.5 billion of cash is what we believe -- is sort of a core component of our balance sheet.
Donald C. Templin: And Roger, this is Don. In fact, we have 2 capital projects that we talked about. Condensate, splitters that both Canton and Catlettsburg that get our -- allow us to probably use up to 60,000 barrels a day of condensate. We staged them 1 for completion in '14 and 1 for completion in '15, really to be consistent with our expectations around the increase and the growth in that Utica production.
Donald C. Templin: Yes, Roger, we really don't get into the pricing on individual crudes. As you could expect, Utica is a WTI based kind of crude and being a condensate, you're going to get a discount. But we really don't want to share more than that.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, Paul, and I know you've seen our numbers and obviously, we've been growing these exports considerably, probably more than anybody expected over the last couple of years. And I can tell you that we have no shortage of opportunities to export both distillate and gasoline. Things are looking real good in that area. We are doing things to debottleneck that allow us to export more over the docks. We have an export tank that's coming on at Garyville that will allow us to export gasoline more than we do today. We see this as a core part of our business and we would expect to continue to grow it.
C. Michael Palmer: Well, again, coming back to this whole LLS situation and I would throw Mars into the same package, I think. One of the things that's happening right now in the Gulf Coast, I mean obviously, you've seen these very wide LLS to Brent spreads. I mean, we're talking $10, $11. And that's -- we think that's pretty unusual right now. And the inventories on the Gulf Coast, the crude inventories are very high. There was a massive amount of turnaround activity that took place. I think there was something like 700,000 barrels a day of refining capacity that was off-line for a period here in October. And that's led to near record-high inventories on the Gulf and I think as a result of that, you've seen LLS spreads that have been extremely wide relative to Brent. We've said for some time that structurally, as the production of the shale plays continues, we've said for some time that we expect LLS to trade at a discount to Brent. And we still believe that and that should be several dollars. So we think that, that's going to be a benefit longer-term. It's probably something that, as these inventories start to come down, you'll probably see this $10, $11 spread start to come back together again. Now LLS and Mars -- and Mars obviously being the sour crude in the Gulf, those 2 have traded in a very similar trade differential over the last several months. It's been that $4.50 to $6.50 kind of level. It hasn't changed very much.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, Jeff. This is Mike Palmer, I'd be happy to do that. We have spent a lot of time doing analysis and really looking at rails. It's not as if we haven't done that. In fact, I can tell you that we have -- we've even experimented with rail. We've brought in both North Dakota crude into the system, we've brought some heavy Canadian into the system by rail. So we've watched it, we've looked at the costs, but I can tell you that it is a high-cost transportation alternative. And maybe one of the reasons that we're a little different than others is that we are pretty well connected by pipeline. And I think that everybody in the industry would agree that with rail, it can't compete with pipe if you have pipe that's connected to your refining system and that's really where we're at. So we always look at it, we can continue to look at it to see if there's any opportunities. But by and large, we are well connected to pipelines and we're kind of committed to that strategy.
C. Michael Palmer: Roger, this is Mike Palmer again. Yes, the answer is absolutely. We're still very optimistic about the Utica and I think as you know, there have been a lot more wells permitted and drilled and are actually producing and that's have been a result really, of the gas takeaway capacity. That's coming on so we have been ramping up. At Canton today at the truck rack, I think we're bringing in roughly 10,000 barrels a day of mostly condensate. If you look at Catlettsburg, we just brought in our first barge over the Wellsville dock and that will continue. So I think that what we expect is that over -- certainly over '14 and '15, as this gas infrastructure gets hooked up, these wells will come on and we will be ramping up the volume of condensate that we can process at these plants.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, Faisel, I guess what I would say too, is that if you look at the plans that various companies have for pipeline activity in the Gulf coast and you think about our Galveston Bay plant, certainly you've seen the pipelines that are being built from the Permian Basin into Houston. The Longhorn reversal, there's another pipeline called BridgeTex that will be coming on next year. There is a lot of capacity for us to utilize in order to bring, for example, the Permian Basin crude into Galveston Bay. The Eagle Ford infrastructure, there's a lot there already, as I'm sure you know, and then it's supplemented with vessels, with barges. And the other thing that you need to think about as well is for example, the big pipelines that are getting built from Canada to come down. Obviously, XL [ph] has not been approved yet. No one knows for sure if it will but Enbridge as a Gulf Coast access project where they're going to build a new piece of pipe from South Chicago down to Cushing. They're going to loop the Seaway line. It provides and a lot of additional capacity into that Houston, Galveston Bay area. And I'm sure that there will be smaller things that we need to do ourselves in the area. But there's some major assets that are being built.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Garry Heminger, you were very early to share your thoughts about the structural discount on crude pricing. I wonder if could just ask you to bring us up-to-date with your latest thoughts and specifically, what I'm thinking is the view that you take as to how the discounts are crossing grades, particularly towards sour grades in the Gulf Coast and how that might perhaps change the way you think about your slate going forward.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Basically. Because it's not just -- obviously, it appears that with LLS with a discount to Brent, that everything that typically trades on the Gulf Coast is not pricing off LLS. I just wanted to get your perspective as to how sustainable you think that may be and how it might change your views to keep yourself going forward.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: I appreciate your comments on that. Gary if I could use my follow-up to talk about -- something that doesn't get a lot of attention often as a retail business. As it relates to your growth plans, some time ago, you had mentioned that you were -- you saw a very competitive and attractive business in the Hess retail network. I don't want to be too specific here, but I'm just wondering, how are you feeling currently about expanding your retail business both organically or through acquisition? I'll leave it there.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: I got a question on Galveston Bay. Gary, you mentioned this in your remarks but can you talk more about specifics on the opportunities you're undertaking at the plant now that you've had it for 9 months? And in particular, I'm interested in what sort of crude changes you've made so far.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay. Well, that suggests a pretty high capital spend in the fourth quarter. Can you give any details on sort of the components of that spending in 4Q and...
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Well, no. I was just -- given the spending through third quarter here today, it's just suggesting a significant bump up in the fourth quarter from what I see, so I'm just wondering the components of that spending. And then, maybe if you can reminds us of what your minimum cash balance is that you're comfortable with, you may have mentioned that earlier though.
