Lisa Wilson: Good morning, and welcome to Marathon Petroleum's third quarter 2016 earnings webcast and conference call. The slides that accompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investor Center tab. On the call today are Gary Heminger, Chairman, President and CEO; Tim Griffith, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of our MPC executive team. We invite you to read the Safe Harbor statements on slide two. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the call and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included there as well as in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Gary Heminger for opening remarks and highlights.
Lisa Wilson: Thanks, Tim. As we open the call for your questions, as a courtesy to all participants, we ask that you limit yourself to one question plus a follow-up. If time permits, we will re-prompt for additional questions. With that, we will now open the call to questions.
Lisa Wilson: Thank you Katy, and thanks all of you for joining us today and your interest in Marathon Petroleum Corporation. Should you have additional questions or would like clarification on topics we discussed this morning, Teresa Homan, Doug Wendt and I will be available to take your calls. Thank you.
Gary R. Heminger: Sure, Neil. As we – in our separate release this morning and we've been working on this for quite some time on. We spent the early part of the year in the transition to get MarkWest into the fold and to really get our businesses lined out. And then really focused on what is the proper growth strategy and how do we – we have tremendous portfolio of assets that can be considered over time to be dropdown, and we felt that it was the best to get into a very aggressive, strong rhythm on how to dropdown the assets that we have, and it's not just a dropdown strategy, Neil, we expect to be acquisitive in certain markets where it makes sense for the midstream, as well as we have a very good organic suite of projects to work on. But as we step back and looked at our total midstream business, we felt that now is the time to take this a very bold aggressive action and then we've also stated not just the dropdowns for 2017 of approximately $350 million, but we've also then are talking about the future dropdown strategy of the approximate $1 billion of other assets. Let me be specific through about that $1 billion of other assets, as you know, Neil, you and I talked about this many times. We have a significant portion of those assets under the fuels distribution piece that we have a private letter ruling request into the IRS. So we have to be careful and make sure we don't have any potential tax liability of dropping those down sooner than we would believe we have approval from the IRS. One of the – an additional thing that we highlighted, the value of the general partner interest, let me have Tim talk about some of the actions and the aspects that we would have around looking at the general partner interest.
Gary R. Heminger: Yeah, and Neil, to your question on Speedway. We've talked many times about Speedway as well and you and other sell-side analysts have discussed this on how important Speedway is along with the midstream in trying to balance our cash flow across all cycles and we really believe that significant portion of the discount in our share price today really is reflected in the midstream space and Speedway is not the catalyst or the driver. Speedway has continued to perform very, very well, as indicated again in the performance for this quarter. So we look at the integration value. We look at kind of the dis-synergy if we were to do something different with Speedway, and we still believe that it has a very strong fit in our system.
Gary R. Heminger: Neil, you're spot on there with the outcome. Let's go back and look at the third quarter of 2016 versus the third quarter of 2015. Third quarter of 2015 had a rapid drop in the price of crude, and when you have that you're able to retain margins in all aspects of our business and all the way through asphalt. Asphalt was one of the major contributors to our third quarter last year. This year, when we started to see a steady climate in crude prices and with some of the problems that you had in the third quarter, you go back and look at Colonial, while sometimes a dislocation in markets such as – happened with Colonial, sometimes you recognize different pockets of the country and we're able to capture some of that value through the logistics arm that we have. That did not happen with that downturn and in fact it backed product back into the Gulf Coast and in fact backed product for the West. On top of that, we spent a lot of incremental money in order to be able to service our customers and keep our customers full during that period of time. So that was the phenomenon. But it really – Tim mentioned the gas and diesel prices, the price realization, but it really got into the bottom components and asphalt was a big marker that we saw as well. So I would say those are the big things. I would say they're non – expect them to be nonrecurring. Kind of a follow on to that here, early in the fourth quarter, with Hurricane Matthew, that had an upset across the entire Gulf Coast and some don't think about the tropical storm Hermine that hit in the third quarter, that had an effect as well. When you lose that volume from these top tropical storms, it's gone. So you all those affects – but all those things affected the third quarter and some into the fourth quarter. But I would expect that they would be nonrecurring.
Gary R. Heminger: Ed, there's nothing specific in it. I'd say the – we had certainly some working capital impacts from the quarter that again really build on – based on some changes in prices and some inventory build in the quarter. And that was a relatively big use of working capital in the quarter. That's probably the biggest item of potential divergence that we'd highlight.
Gary R. Heminger: And Chi, we've been saying for some time, in fact I think Marathon was one of the catalysts of this idea, that it really makes sense to go West to East and starting to supply the PAD 1 market and it further balances all of PAD 2. So, we won't get specific yet into how many barrels we might move. I just say that this open season that has been just completed is going to be a big event for the entire PAD 2 industry because it has another outlet for us to balance the Midwest.
Gary R. Heminger: I really believe long-term. And I've talked about this long-term that this is a – it's something that needs to happen, and is a big strategic move. So first I think we're looking to Altoona Mike (32:44), but yes, eventually I would see it going all the way to the East Coast.
Gary R. Heminger: Right. I'm sorry I didn't – I wasn't tying your question at first. But I understand it. We've already been working on the strategic review. I would expect that we don't have an end date in mind, but with all the work we've already done, I would expect sometime mid-year or to be kind of in the arena of where we should have this work complete.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, again, Brad, I don't think there is any preconceived conclusions as to exactly the path we take, but I think modifications to the GP interests or potentially IDR modifications, again the buy-in, the public sale, there are all things that are on the table. I don't think we want to exclude anything from our considerations to make sure that, again, the focus really here is on highlighting that value and making sure that everyone sort of understands and the market can see and understand that value and making sure that we've focused on optimizing the cost of capital for the partnership, which obviously over time, and certainly in the lifecycle of MPLX is at a point where the IDRs continue to be a cash flow that has to be covered with regard to the growth. So I think we want to be mindful of all of these considerations before we land on any solution, and we'll certainly let the market know once we reach some conclusions.
Gary R. Heminger: No, I mean, I think the drops that we've got contemplated now with some of the private pipelines and the terminals would not have any reflection from an earnings basis on the RINs, those are sort of independent from how we're looking at things.
Gary R. Heminger: Not at this time. We're still finalizing the components of the project and when we have that finished, we'll make – we'll put it into our deck.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, Phil, I don't recall of saying that there is a chance for that to increase. That's volume dependent. We sell approximately 20 billion gallons today of material that what we believe would qualify for this fuels distribution, but I don't recall of ever saying that we are looking at that of possibly increasing.
Gary R. Heminger: Sure, Phil. And I'm sure as you respect, we cannot openly talk about the litigation ongoing, so I just have to defer that to a later date.
Gary R. Heminger: As far as octane, Jeff, we still believe as you talk to the autos and you talk about the overall demand, we still think octane into the future is going to be a product in great demand, and it should be a valuable – it should have some incremental value to the entire slate as we go forward.
Gary R. Heminger: No, Blake. It's still a very big piece of our strategy that as we said back when we first initiated the MLP. Being able to control and having all the pipeline assets, terminal assets that are really the key to our integrated model is very, very important. And we'd continue to expect to control those.
Gary R. Heminger: Yeah. Again, I think we want to be careful that we have looked at everything and have evaluated things, again with the real focus on highlighting that value and optimizing the cost of capital for the partnership. So, again, I think as we suggested, this is an evaluation that we'll undertake over the course of the next several months. And, again, I mean, it could include things like a buy-in of the IDRs, it could include a partial public sale of the GP, it could include some restructuring of the GP interest or the IDRs. Again, we want to be careful that we evaluate everything. We'll look at everything and pursue the path that we think makes the most sense relative to those objectives.
Gary R. Heminger: Paul, we've – as I said earlier in my comments that the first nine months or so, we work very hard at getting the MarkWest transition in place, really working with the producers, MarkWest had an outstanding reputation in the producers field, so meeting with producers and that really as I say getting these assets under wraps. But then, as you step back and look at how MPLX has performed and how the value has really been transparent or we believe lack of transparency of that value back into MPC, and the value to MPLX as well, that we thought it was important to really take a bold move here to increase the dropdowns, increase the pace of the dropdowns, of course a very bold move around us to reflect -an attempt to reflect what we believe is substantial value that is tied up inside of both components.
Gary R. Heminger: Right. And Paul, if we take you back to prior to MarkWest, our strategy was to be a company-sponsored MLP, and all we had are dropdown components, and a few organic projects. At the time that we did MarkWest, we stated that we looked out into the future and could easily see that the rate of dropdowns from a sponsored MLP was not infinite and as you get out over time it was going to be much more difficult, and at the same time the pressure from others in the marketplace of attempting to be able to find growth opportunities was going to continue to be challenging, that's what we did the merger with MarkWest to begin with. We've been very pleased with the assets. Don has talked about the rate of growth, the volumetric increases and the gathering and processing businesses is very solid as well as the logistics and storage business that we have as well, but still we were not seeing that value transferred in the yield component of MPLX. And talking to a number of unitholders, they wanted to have a better understanding of the rhythm of how we were going to dropdown assets, and we felt that at this time it was again after getting all this under our belt, we felt its compelling that we needed to move forward back in line with where we said we would grow, kind of middle double-digits where we said we would grow when we first started the discussion on the merger to begin with.
Gary R. Heminger: Right. Well, I don't know that anything is going to be happen at the end of November, Paul. But our – we've said for quite some time, and I know you've reported it as well that we believe how Marathon is positioned, we have the optionality, the flexibility with our retail component, our branded component and our very large blending component as well as some methanol production capacity. We have the ability to capture RIN value, and probably more so to lessen the cost of rig value across all those different components of our business. To change the point of obligation, we think that as fraught with many ramifications. Today, you have a – I don't know probably the number is less than 50 of refiners are big blenders for managing really step back and look at this, we're managing the whole RIN cycle for the EPA today. If you are going to go put this into the hands of 150,000 people, this considered what those ramifications are. We believe the RIN cost is captured in part of the frac spread today, and part of its retail, and part of its in blending. So we just think that change in the point of obligation is a bigger distraction.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, Neil, we've – as we sort of outlined, I think the key for us is that we have – we've seen pretty clearly that the value of the GP is not being fully recognized in the value of MPC. So I think we want to take a careful but aggressive look at exactly ways that we can highlight that value, capture it and optimize the cost of capital for the partnership. So again, I'd say that we really want to look at everything. There's no preconceived notion or conclusions as to where ultimately this may lead us. Again with that objective of highlighting that value and optimizing the cost of capital for the partnership, it could include things like a buy-in of the IDRs at the partnership level, a public sale of some portion of the GP, other alternatives around restructuring the GP interests. Again, we want to make sure that we're going to look at everything and make sure that we understand what might be the best path to really have that value better reflected in the overall valuation of MPC.
Timothy T. Griffith: Sure Ed. It's Tim. This is something that I think we're going to sort of carefully evaluate. I mean, the drops that we've talked about here and contemplated are certainly bigger than we've done in the past but I think we'll always be mindful of what the market capacity is to absorb new units. I think we would certainly want to take advantage of opportunities that exist, but clearly would not want to overwhelm the market with the number of units. So what we will – we'll assess as we go forward and make sure that we're being smart about it. I think the – from the overall enterprise perspective, we have a tremendous amount of flexibility here to take back units where we need to and we'll access the market in an opportunistic way as we go forward.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, well. Obviously doing things as tax efficiently as possible will always be a primary focus. I mean the changes to the 707 regs to be honest, Ed, don't have a massive impact on our strategy, utilizing sort of debt-financed distributions back would not have been part of our normal mode with regard to the drops anyway. And frankly even before the 707 regs, a more aggressive tack that the IRS have sort of been targeting and obviously the change in regs is a – it sort of demonstrates that that's where that focus has been. So I don't think from our perspective, we view the change in the regs under the sky sale as substantially impactful to our strategy. But again, even the notion of taking back units and identifying assets with the greatest amount of basis, to shield as much tax as possible will be an important consideration as we evaluate which and what timing we'll undertake for the drop portfolio.
Timothy T. Griffith: Doug, its Tim. Obviously that – if we did take back units, the percentage and number of units that MPC holds become substantial. And I think the things like potential sale of those units is something we'll evaluate over time. I mean again, wanting to make sure that anything that we do around that is tax efficient and we can minimize the amount of leakage around it. Again I think that our focus is much more around the total value getting realized within the system as opposed to the net cash, but I think we'll look at if there are efficient ways for us to potentially look at those units over time.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, again, the dropdown itself is not predicated on producing a huge amount of cash for a buyback necessarily. I mean the buybacks will always be a function of the cash that's being generated on an operating basis and potentially some from what gets dropped, so again, we'll evaluate as we go forward, and as we said, I mean, even if there are a number of units taken back, there's probably still a fair amount of debt that gets undertaken at the MPLX level on those assets. So I think the cash opportunity around it is beyond just the equity units themselves.
Timothy T. Griffith: And I think that, Paul, the – may be to provide a little bit of framework around that, I mean, we've identified this as one of the biggest sources of value discount with regard to MPC. So we have every incentive and motivation to move through this as expeditiously as we can. Again but I think we want to be careful and disciplined around the way that we look at things, but – we will be inclined to move through this as quickly as we can, and certainly we'll report back to investors, I think once we've determined what the most appropriate path is so, stay tuned. This is something that is a top priority for us.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, we have not sort of quantified or have anything to share. I mean, I think we would indicate there were some marginal increases on sort of trucking and some of the logistics cost to accommodate the situation, but nothing that is material that we'd call out specifically.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah. This is what sort of shows up in the other category with regard to the WACC. So again not amounts that we'd call out specifically, but that's where we would have captured it.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, so we haven't given specific guidance at the MPC level, again that's something that we'll provide probably sometime in the fourth quarter here. At a macro level, we'd probably suggest that we're unlikely to see major changes from where things tracked in 2016, and again you saw the MPLX guidance in terms of the range that we might expect at the partnership, so.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, there is a number of factors, and as you suggest, the drivers that sort of led to the full quarter are really a lot of the similar ones that we saw on the year-over-year with regard to narrower gas and diesel price realizations are Colonial piece of that, but I wouldn't say the major driver, but again a component of the total change.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, again, the inventory actions that we took in third quarter are not unlike other years, in large parts for hurricane build and sort of positioning the business into the season, so nothing unusual. And, again, I think a lot of those effects will always manage into the sort of LIFO targets that we've got for the business. So that was probably the bigger driver in the quarter with the refined products and crude build that were not sort of unexpected relative to how we manage the business.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah, Blake. I think that's conceptually how we're targeting that. There's a fair amount of what we've identified as MLP eligible earnings that really have been in the R&M segment historically. So certainly, for those portions that we think are and will be MLP eligible, identifying them independent from the R&M segment is conceptually I think what we're really targeting here.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, I don't know if there's a specific number, Roger, that we focus on. But as Don alluded to earlier we've been generally unhappy with where the units have traded at the LP level. And certainly as the partnership moved into the high splits, and certainly with the addition of MarkWest, we know that the IDR burden on the partnership is significant, and obviously impacts the level of growth and things that we can pursue. So, I think a focus around things that will improve both in terms of the LP yield and where things are at as well as, again, ways to optimize the cost of capital for the overall partnership given the cash requirements that the IDRs bring are part of exactly what we're going to look at here.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, it all will sort of come into the total. I mean, I think to the extent that again we're comfortable with the liquidity position of the company, and we've got cash beyond the needs, then share purchase is high on our list. Debt pay down, I think we'll evaluate as we go forward. We did a little bit this quarter just to sort of calibrate the cap structure relative to the refining environment we've seen. But I'd say the priority is probably more around share purchase, and again certainly where the shares trade we think there's a tremendous value there, so.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, and I think you're right, to be extent that there are big cash proceeds that ultimately come back, either from equity or debt that get raised through the drop process there, share purchase continues to be a priority for us in terms of where that money gets spent. Again, our focus is I think primarily and starts with the notion that the value hasn't been recognized. So, we want to make sure that that value recognition occurs, and to the extent that that produces cash at MPC level, that can be used for share buyback all the better. Again, provided that we have done that tax efficiently and managed it relative to the total needs of the enterprise. But, I think the notion that substantial portion could take the formal share purchase is not unreasonable.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah. I mean, I think, our goal will definitely be to optimize. The market capacity to absorb transactions is certainly a consideration among others that we've evaluated. But again, Evan, this is really a look as to – obviously, there is a piece of the dropdown portfolio that we're just not going to get comfortable with until we can get to the QI regs and the PLR around it. So let's set those aside for a moment. So, the remaining piece, we are moving pretty aggressively here. We're talking about dropping down up to half of those and setting a schedule for the remaining pieces, again, provided that we can get tax comfort on the rest at a pretty good clip. So, I think the considerations around it, it certainly involves market capacity to absorb larger transactions, but also just in terms of the pace and the capacity to manage the growth of the partnership and making sure that we can optimize that total sort of equation with regard to how fast we grow the partnership at the LP level and ultimately the cash flow that comes to the GP as well. So, again, I think, we are moving very aggressively here. I think we are – there are still certainly pieces of the drop portfolio that we will need to spend some time on the readiness for, but they are all from my perspective likely going to be part of MPLX, and we're moving very rapidly on it. So, I think this is an aggressive schedule, I mean, even though the drop that we suggested for first quarter would be the largest transaction for MPLX in its history, and again we recognize that that value is not getting picked up, and this increased clarity around the drop portfolio and when it comes in, we think, will help address that valuation gap.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah. But I wouldn't call it a goal. I would say that we want to be mindful of the market's capacity to absorb transactions. And where we can officially raise that capital, I think, we'd be inclined to do so. We have the flexibility to take back units to help alleviate any of those issues, and again we'll manage it prudently as we go here.
Donald C. Templin: Yeah, Chi. We would expect that particularly the first drop that we're targeting, those assets would be predominantly pipeline and terminal assets, so very, very traditional midstream assets that we currently own. And then later in the year, we also have some joint interest pipelines and others. So, it'll be in that vein of assets: typical, straight down the fairway, midstream assets that'll be moving from MPC to MPLX.
Donald C. Templin: I guess we're not targeting a specific multiple range. I think it'll be a fact and circumstance driven function based upon making sure that the drops are appropriately accretive for MPLX. One of the really important things about these drops was that, we wanted to – we don't believe that our yield is as low as we would like it to be at MPLX. And we are trying to take actions to lower that yield or lower our cost of capital. So, driving a distribution growth rate that is 12% to 15% and double digit in out years is important to us and having a valuation or multiple on the drop that makes sense to support that is, I think is in the best interest of both MPC and MPLX.
Donald C. Templin: Yeah, I think you know Doug – Doug, this is Don. In 2016, one of the things that we were doing at MPLX was we had a leverage ratio that was non-investment grade in our view. And so, we committed to taking that leverage down and now we are in the zone that we want to be with respect to our leverage and to supporting an investment grade credit profile. So we would likely be thinking about funding future growth. Whether it is organic growth or whether it is dropdowns with a more sort of balanced 50-50 debt and equity type of arrangement. So, I think, hopefully that answers some of your question as well.
Donald C. Templin: Yeah, I guess, I am not sure from the MPLX perspective. I mean, what we're trying to do is to build an EBITDA portfolio so that you know, we can continue to support that high growth rate that we are committing to.
Donald C. Templin: Yeah, again, Doug, and I know we've had a similar dialogue as over time. We really are viewing this at sort of the enterprise level with regard to the earnings that are available within the business and where ultimately they may reside rather that's as part of the traditional R&M segment or part of MPLX and obviously with the IDRs around them and the sort of recycle of cash. I mean we have tended to look at this and I think we'll continue to look at this on an enterprise-wide basis as opposed to the specifics around the impact on a particular segment within the business.
Donald C. Templin: Yeah, Evan, this is Don. I mean just one more comment on that. I mean one, you know, historically, we manage tax leakage by taking back units, so that was one aspect of it. And the other is, we are a substantial holder of MPLX units, so the value in the MPLX units, we want to make sure that we're not doing anything in the market that puts an overhang on those units that causes the value of our investment to decrease. So those are all things that get into the consideration.
Evan Calio: Maybe just a follow-up to the last point. I mean, accelerated drops would be a significant cash windfall, I mean $1.4 billion x 9 is $12 billion before tax, before considering any GP potential monetization proceeds, which dwarf any capitalized costs you kind of referenced earlier today. Shouldn't we assume that most of that's going to support a buyback? I mean given your history, given your impetus for announcing today's actions that your equity is undervalued? And secondly, if drops are on the come, would you buy shares, use the balance sheet before they occur like in the 4Q? Your stock's down 5% today, and I know you didn't acquire much in the third quarter and with that size of monetization, you have a lot of shares to put away potentially.
Evan Calio: Yeah. And then just maybe one more if I would. I mean, in terms of your statement of taking back units in conjunction with the drop, I mean, is that just a pragmatic statement that if that's what's necessary to fund, and I realize there is a debt piece that that provides cash to the parent. I mean, is that statement essentially there – if that's necessary? I mean, what's – or is it a goal to take, I guess, units back? That's what I am trying to get to.
Evan Calio: And in the future if you could share an aggregate tax basis, so the drop (01:01:30) EBITDA I think that would be helpful as well.
