Gary R. Heminger: Sure, Arjun, I'm going to turn this over to Mike Palmer. Let me give you one statistic as -- before Mike talks though. In the fourth quarter and year-to-date, we ran approximately 53% sour for the entire year and almost the same amount in the fourth quarter. So while there's a significant amount of light sweet that's available, the economics versus alternative barrel still guide us to run the light sour and medium sours. While we can run about 25 -- or 65% of our entire slate, that's not just the Gulf Coast. The entire slate, we can run about 65% in light sweet. It illustrates that we ran around 53% sour that the economics still drive us towards that decision. But Mike, if you can add some additional color.
Gary R. Heminger: Arjun, let me add one more thing. I read the piece that was published this morning by you on volatility of the crude and the light sweet and the saturation. And I thought you were spot on that we're going to continue to have a tremendous amount of volatility. But one thing I want to really put out in more detail was that if you look at the end of the fourth quarter with the extreme weather conditions that we've had across the U.S. and a number of issues in the Gulf Coast, there's been more volatility and a pull on inventory. I'm sure you know that there was a major pipeline in the Gulf offshore, Gulf Coast, that was down due to some operating issues, which took some light sour off the market then it was going to be blended with some of the light sweet. And that really upsets some of the inventory, and there's been a big draw of inventory in the Gulf Coast and up into the Cushing area. So I think this is a temporary aberration in the crude market. But again, I think your presentation that you published this morning was spot on with volatility. Once we get through these reports or get through this inventory cycle, I would expect things to settle down and for that spread to widen back out.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, the CapEx that we gave was $2.2 billion was our estimate, and that's what the feed is going to confirm and verify. That number that we expect the feed to be done by the end of the year. Timing wise, we would expect, if we were to go forward with this project to be complete at the end of 2017, mechanically complete there and start up the first part of '18. And it increases ultra-low sulfur diesel by 28,000 barrels per day. And as I said earlier, about 70% of the resid comes from within our own system today. So we're confident already with the feedstock supply that's verifying and confirming the capital that it'll take to build this.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, I guess, Ed, if you noticed on sort of our Slide 6, where we showed that other gross margin, and there's a big $540 million of gross margin. Broadly, I would say about 45% of that impact was favorable crude acquisition costs. And about 75% of that amount was favorable crude acquisition costs and refined product realization and sale -- purchase for resale. So 75% of that $540 million was explained by sort of those 3 factors.
Gary R. Heminger: Ed, let me take you back. When we first built the Garyville expansion that opened at the end of '09, our intent was to run that at about 180,000 barrels per day. And as you'll recall, we're running this about 110,000 barrels a day above what the design capacity. And the reason is we filled up all the downstream process units from heavy and light sour to medium sour crudes that we're running, and we still have this run to room or amount to run space in the crude unit. So we have 110,000 barrel a day basically free crude system to run. Beyond that, as we said, we're becoming the anchor shipper on the Sandpiper and SAX line. We're doing crude unit work at Robinson this year. We're building the condensate splitters at Canton and Catlettsburg, and then we're working on logistical constraints in the U.S. Gulf Coast, as well as expanding our margin flexibility. So we have a number of things. And this is top of our mind on how to be able to take advantage of this light sweet crude.
Gary R. Heminger: And Chi, you'll recall at our Analyst Day meeting, we spoke about Galveston Bay. And I think I -- the quote that I used was we need 1 more year of -- to be able to really get the -- with the turnarounds to be able to get this plant like we want it, and so you'll see that turnaround expense. A part of it is around that plant. But our strategy and the plant is performing very, very well. Our strategy is to go in and get this plant tuned up like we want it to be. And we expect by the end of this year to have the majority of the heavy turnaround complete at that plant. And as I said, this becomes the second powerhouse refinery we have in the Gulf.
Gary R. Heminger: Here in -- 2 splitters in Utica are one at the end of '14, one mid-'15. And then if you want to look at something ground up in the Gulf Coast, I would say your timing is pretty close, '16 and '15 time frame.
Gary R. Heminger: I would think for the near future that we'll continue to price off of Brent because if you look at -- it's not necessarily gasoline. You need to look at the entire pool. We're exporting more diesel, but in order to be able to get that diesel, gasoline is going to follow along, and diesel is being priced off of the Brent market. So we would expect for quite some time that we'll continue to be priced off of the Brent market.
Gary R. Heminger: We do not give that information out, Jason. But it just went down for some turnaround work, which is typical. At the end in the fourth quarter, early first quarter, it's a good time to be doing turnaround work at Garyville.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, in fact, I've spoken at a couple of conferences, and that was a theme at both conferences earlier in January. We do not oppose export. We support free markets. And we are not in the camp of any government mandates. However, I think as this thing continues to evolve, this discussion continues to evolve, you're going to see it's going to turn into a very comprehensive discussion. It needs to consider -- when you consider accrued exports, it needs to consider the Jones Act. Jones Act is a restriction on moving both crude oil and refined product in the U.S. today. You need to consider Renewable Fuel Standard, which is a restriction on moving refined products in the market today. You need to consider the restrictions on pipeline permits, not only the one that has been in the news for a long time around Keystone, but other pipelines that are being considered in and around the U.S. So -- and then just lately, you have the -- some of the very serious rail incidents that have happened. So I think all that is going to need to be taken into context into a comprehensive discussion, Jason. And I think this will take a long time to have this debate in D.C.
Gary R. Heminger: Yes, Evan, as we've stated before, we cannot get into any details about our foreign contracts. And they are term contracts. But I'll just leave it that these barrels have to be priced competitively for us to continue to be interested in that supply. And I think that tells you that obviously, they are competitive or we wouldn't be running them. But that's as far as we can go with talking about those contracts.
Gary R. Heminger: Sure, I mean as I've said earlier, we can run up to 65%, we believe, of our total crude slate in a light sweet crude. Some of the Middle East crudes have different properties than some of the domestic crudes and vice versa. And some have different yield characteristics, but all those went into the equation and the calculus when we make our decision. And we have been -- if you look in total, there's still, I don't know, 1.5 million barrels or so of light sour coming into the marketplace, 1.5 million to 2 million of light sour coming into the marketplace. It's just not light sweet. It's light sour that you look at, too. So every day we're looking across the range of crudes that are imported into the U.S. to determine what is the maximum profit -- profitable crudes to run.
Gary R. Heminger: Right. We did state at our analyst meeting, we had some comment that we are prepared on Tier 3. We are not prepared yet, Evan, to get into the details because the details have not been completed yet by the EPA. We expect that probably in the first half of the year. It might even slip a little bit beyond the first half. It looks as though things are going to be spread out and give us more time to be able to get the investments made in the different plants. But it's certainly, from what we know in the early discussions, it's not onerous.
Gary R. Heminger: Allen, that's a great question. I had that same question of the team when I saw the results for the fourth quarter. But obviously, the position that we took in the fourth quarter and being able to increase the throughput was very strong, and I applaud the team that's working on this. So yes, we think we're going to get there sooner, but we do have to do some capital work by -- for the next big jump, we're going to have to do some capital work in order to be able to get to that 400,000.
Gary R. Heminger: Okay. With that, we'll wrap up the call. We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning and for your interest in Marathon Petroleum Corporation. If there are other questions or anything that requires clarification, please, Beth Hunter and Jerry Ewing will be available the rest of the day. Thank you very much for joining.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, Arjun, I guess, probably what I'd have to say is that the amount of light sweet crude that we can actually run in the Gulf Coast or at any plant is really a function of the price. It's a function of the discount relative to our alternatives. And we really can't give you a specific number. What I can tell you is that we know that within our system, we know that we still have some logistical constraints, for example, that keep us from running as much light sweet as we would like to at certain times when the differential gets really wide. We're working to get rid of those constraints. We're also going to be taking on additional barging as we go forward because we think that'll help alleviate some of the constraints. At the refineries, it's really a function of the price. So the object that we always have is to maximize our profitability. As that light discount widens, we can run more light sweet crude at these refineries. And that's what we'll do. That's what we'll do. One of the real issues is how do you handle the naphtha. And I think you know that at our refineries, we're in pretty good shape from a reformer standpoint relative to the industry average. So that's about as good as I can do for you, Arjun. We will take advantage of light sweet crude depending upon what that differential is.
C. Michael Palmer: Chi, this is Mike Palmer. When we look at the fourth quarter, the pricing dynamics for domestic crude were very favorable. Of course, that was a period when the Brent-WTI spread was widening out. The domestic crudes, LLS and Mars, were both priced very attractively relative to the ARB. And that's one of the keys to the profitability in the fourth quarter. Domestic crudes were at discount, made a lot of sense. Actually, when you look at LLS versus Mars over the fourth quarter, it didn't vary all that much. I mean, it was between $4.50 and $5.50 generally. And then when you look to the really heavy barrels in Canada, they were very attractively priced as well, getting probably between $25 and $35 a barrel discount. So I think what I would say for the fourth quarter again is just domestic crudes were very well priced for our system.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, the foreign crudes that we bring in were attractive relative to the sour alternative in the Gulf.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, I think going back to the basic dynamic, we're going to have this continued production growth in the light sweet crude that's going to end up on the Gulf Coast. But I think as we've said before that other barrels, the other sour barrels, if they want to find a place in the refineries, they're going to have to compete. So we would expect -- there's going to be changes in differentials, don't get me wrong. But these other sour barrels are going to have to compete as well, and we believe they will.
C. Michael Palmer: Robert, this is Mike Palmer. If you come back to your first question relating to the heavy crude, as you know, the TransCanada MarketLink line did come onstream here in January. And right now, it's primarily the light sweet line fill I think that's moving to Nederland, but we do understand that, that will be followed by heavy crude more than likely. We had already seen the Canadian heavy, and if you look at the benchmark, Western Canadian Select. We'd already seen that differential that had been as high as $35, $36 earlier, come into around minus 20 to minus 18. And it looks -- if you look at the forward curve, I mean, it appears to be fairly stable at that kind of a level. I think that part of what was happening there, even though there continues to be growth in the Canadian heavy, as you know, the BP Whiting facility did get its coker project complete and there was an additional demand in the market for the Canadian heavy. But I think as we look forward, we would expect that Canadian heavy to be still an important crude. It'll still be attractive, although we may not see the very wide differentials that we've seen in the past once you have that ability to clear it into the Gulf Coast. So I guess that's the situation that we see for the heavy crude. In terms of Middle Eastern crudes, I would -- certainly from our standpoint, that continues to be a very important part of our crude slate. And we don't have any reason to believe that it's not going to be competitive going out in the future. We would expect to see the barrels in the same basic kind of pricing relationship that we've seen in the recent past.
C. Michael Palmer: No, Gary. I think you've answered the question. Obviously, we watch very closely the production growth that's coming from all the shale plays. And we understand and recognize that there's significant condensate. And we're looking at various ways to handle that condensate, including projects.
C. Michael Palmer: Yes, Jeff. I mean, the market continues to be very robust without a doubt. And it's very interesting. It kind of comes back to what I was talking about with -- when we think about how much light sweet can we actually refine. We're well above the -- what we thought the limits were going to be in terms of our dock facilities to export finished products. But when the opportunity presents itself and the economics work, that's one of the things that we're really good at is we're really good at getting around constraints and debottlenecking. And that's exactly what we've done. And it's not only hardware, but it's the way that we schedule. It's being able to move certain products away from docks to other means of moving that product out so that we can make room for exports. It's all kinds of things that we do to maximize our profitability. And as I say, I mean that's really what we do.
C. Michael Palmer: Well, it's certainly a pipeline, Faisel, that we're interested in. And it can be a good pipeline for us to take barrels coming from the Houston area into the Garyville refinery. That's probably about the only thing that I can say to you today.
C. Michael Palmer: Allen, I guess, the main thing that you can say is that when you -- obviously, when you look at these light crudes, they do have a different yield fractions than other crude it would be replacing. And I think I mentioned to you that one of the issues you get into is most of these have a pretty good-sized naphtha cut. So you've got to be able to upgrade that naphtha. You've got to be able to reform it and make higher octane material. And that's where we've said before that we're in pretty good shape relative to the industry. But again, as those volumes grow, all refiners, including ourselves, will look at ways to handle the fractions that first provide bottlenecks. And it'll just be an ongoing iterative process to continue to run more and more of the light sweet crude.
Donald C. Templin: Well, we had a very -- we had a very strong export quarter. We averaged, I think, 298,000 barrels a day for the quarter, the fourth quarter. So that was spread between Galveston Bay and the Garyville refinery.
Donald C. Templin: Sure, Chi, this is Don. Yes, we'll have a very heavy turnaround activity in the first quarter compared to probably all of the other quarters. But we will -- when we have big turnarounds coming up, we will continue to incorporate that in our outlook guidance with enough time period for you all to be able to model that.
Donald C. Templin: No, we don't intend to break out the gross margin. We intended to provide operating data that allowed people to model the -- model that.
Donald C. Templin: Jason, this is Don. I mean our guidance around throughput would have contemplated the Garyville refinery and any activity that was...
Donald C. Templin: The current year's budget includes the capital for the engineering work that's being done this year, but it does not include any construction costs or anything like that.
Donald C. Templin: I don't believe so. If we decided to go forward, we wouldn't be in the field for construction until '15 and the early part of construction will be all land piling and so on, so forth. So you wouldn't really ramp up until mid-'15 into '16.
Donald C. Templin: Yes, like I've said many times and will continue to say, Speedway is an integral part of our business. We measure something that's called controlled volume, where we know every day because it improves our efficiency and the way we move products through pipelines, through terminals, through trucks, finally, to the consumer. We think that's the most efficient way to move your product. And it gives us the opportunity to capture margin across that entire supply chain. And that's what Speedway does for us. We think Speedway is one of the best operators in the business, and that's seen in their new record this year in income and cash flow. When you step back then and look at a spin versus continuing to have this, as I said, a key part of our business, having -- and I've looked at others who have spun off their retail, it has varying degrees of how many years you may have a supply agreement. And 10 years, 15 years is a very short time. And then you don't have that supply, you don't have that synergy that we have today. So I'm not going to say we would never do that. We continue to look at this and study this. But I think Speedway has a long way to run as far as growing and continuing to be efficient. And I think they have one of the best backroom platforms in the business. And -- which should help it continue to grow and become more efficient. So not now, but we'll continue to watch it.
Donald C. Templin: Faisel, this is Don. That $658 million is much more weighted towards refined product price realization than the $540 million that I talked about that was quarter-over-quarter. So a much higher percentage of that $658 million is product realization.
Donald C. Templin: Well, the biggest -- as I said, the biggest piece of that is the price realization. We also -- and it's always been consistently one of the items that shows up in that column is our purchase for resell activity. So that has a meaningful impact as well. But we're not going to provide any more color on that. As a much -- I would just say it's a much higher percentage. As I said, the $540 million was probably 45% crude and 30-or-so percent related to refined product realization. This is a majority of the $658 million as refined product realization.
