Kristina Kazarian: Welcome to Marathon Petroleum Corporation's second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. The slides that accompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investor tab. Joining me on the call today are Mike Hennigan, CEO; Maryann Mannen, CFO; and other members of the executive team. We invite you to read the safe harbor statements on Slide 2. We will be making forward-looking statements today. Actual results may differ. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included there, as well as in our filings with the SEC. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Kristina Kazarian: Hey Paul, are you there with us today? Are you on mute by any chance, Paul? All right. Operator, let's move to the next caller and then we can have Paul re-prompt if you're with us, Paul.
Kristina Kazarian: All right, Sheila, if there are no other questions in the queue today, we wanted to thank everyone for joining us. If you do have any outstanding questions, please feel free to reach out to our team at any point in time, and we will be here to help. Thank you everyone for joining our call today and have a great day.
Maryann Mannen: Sure, Neil. Hi. it's Maryann and good morning. Yes, we are planning on commencing what we would call our open market repurchase program and that will begin here immediately after the call. We have all of those options that we've shared with you in the past, all of the tools, ASR and open-market purchase, including the possibility for a tender. Those still remain all viable options for us, but we believe right now that the best way for us to achieve that commitment and as we reiterated here on the call, in the next 12 to 16 months and to return that remaining $9 billion would be through an open-market purchase program right now.
Maryann Mannen: Sure, Neil. I think, look, the reason why we're using an open-market repurchase program is we believe we have some control over that and certainly using an opportunistic approach over this time period is the approach that we believe is best for us during this time period. So certainly, we would be using an opportunistic approach during this time period.
Maryann Mannen: Yes, you're right. And certainly, as we see it right now, we're looking at it as a tailwind that is natural gas to the third quarter. I would say to your first question around any other specific inflationary aspects, there's nothing – obviously, we didn't point to anything. There's really nothing of significance that we see at this juncture that would have a negative impact on the third quarter.
Maryann Mannen: Hey, Phil, it's Maryann. Thanks for the question. Yes, as you know, as we've been sharing with you the use of proceeds, we've really just been focused on the $10 billion capital return. As you state very clearly, we know we have roughly $2.1 billion coming back from the CARES Act. We continue to expect to receive the lion's share of that in and about the third quarter – late in the third quarter, frankly, is our expectation. So you're right, we will have the remaining proceeds, as well as the incremental $2 billion that we'll continue to evaluate and make good decision really around whether or not that would go in the form of capital return. But we've not really declared beyond that initial $10 billion right now as we continue to look at the balance sheet. I think, you know the – obviously, our intent also was to ensure that we maintained investment grade as you hopefully you've seen the three rating agencies did reconfirm that. So we do have investment grade again on – by all three of those agencies. We certainly will continue to focus on the balance sheet and be sure that that maintains a nimble, if you will. But again, that use of proceeds will continue to evaluate as we go forward.
Maryann Mannen: I'm sorry, Jason, its Maryann. Could you repeat your question again? You're saying an $82 million benefit in the, in the quarter. I'm sorry, I'm not following you question.
Mike Hennigan: Yes, Doug, it's a good question. So obviously, with the administration change and with the agenda that they have out there, they're looking for ways to pay for the programs that they have in place. So we're aware of the potential there. Obviously, there's a couple bills that are involved with that dynamic. I would tell you, right now, our thinking though, is that we would stay in the MLP structure because we don't think it's going to change. We don't know for sure. Obviously, if it did lose its tax status, it would change our dynamic. But right now, Doug, if you're asking what's the probability, I think we are on the side of – we don't think it is going to change, and we think the partnership will still maintain its tax status. So obviously, for the size of the MLP that we have, if all of a sudden, it was a taxed entity you're looking at around $800 million to $1 billion of cash flow that would be lost. And I know others have asked this in the past. I mean, it's predominantly the number one reason why we maintain the partnership structure as compared to converting to a C corp. There's two dynamics that come into play. One is an immediate tax impact to all unitholders, of which MPC is the largest, obviously. And then, more importantly is to the ongoing cash flow change that would occur at MPLX. So we understand some of the pros and cons of the structure. At the same time, we think having that cash flow keeps us in the MLP mode. So obviously, if the rules change, if the administration does something different, we'll adapt accordingly. But in the short term, we still support the structure because it gives us that additional cash flow as opposed to a tax burden.
Mike Hennigan: No, I mean, we know that there's some advocacies for it and some that are against it. Our intel is that we think at the end of the day, the partnership status will stay the way it is. But I'm not trying to call politics here, Doug. Whatever happens, we'll adjust to it, but for right now, we think the MLP structure will stay the way it is. 
Mike Hennigan: Yes, Doug, I would say it's a good problem to have. We are committed – as Maryann said in her remarks, we are committed to returning capital. At the end of the day, we – for a long time, we were saying about $16.5 billion. I mean, now that we've closed and worked through some of the details, it's a little over $17 billion. We have prioritized the balance sheet. We've taken out some debt there. We've maintained some dry powder to see how things continue to play out, and we've committed to $10 billion. So throughout the time from the announcement to close, we reiterated to investors that we wanted to do it as quickly and efficiently as possible. To meet our commitment of quickly, we offered a Dutch tender. The market spoke and said $1 billion as opposed to what we had offered out as far as the total liquidity. Now we are, as Maryann said in the remarks, we're going to go more opportunistic and be in an open market environment. So some of the questions that we get from people is are we still committed to that? And as Maryann said, we want to reiterate, we are committed to that. Nothing has changed in our thought process there. It is going to take time. To your point, it is a large number. We are limited by the amount of trading volume we have and the liquidity that we have in our shares. So that is part of the constraint that we have, but we are committed to returning it. And we're going to go into this program, and obviously, each quarter, we'll update the market on the results.
Mike Hennigan: So it's a good question, Roger. I'm going to let Ray give you some specific on Dickinson? Go ahead, Ray.
Mike Hennigan: Roger, it's Mike again. I was just going to say to your second question on Martinez, we're not going to disclose at this point what we're thinking about as far as the feedstocks. That's still in discussion with many players. So I can't really comment on that other than what we said in our prepared remarks that the engineering is going well, the permitting is going well. We still feel really good about the project from a lot of aspects. So we'll give you more color on that as time goes by.
Mike Hennigan: Yes, Manav, you are in general. I think, one of the things that sometimes people miss is our relationship with MPLX as you're pointing out. So at the current distribution level at MPLX, we do get that $1.8 billion coming back into MPC. So I think you're right. It's one of the uniquenesses that's a positive of the structure that we have. Right today, MPLX is generating excess cash flow beyond capital and distribution as well. So financial flexibility is increasing at the partnership as well. So I think, we're in a pretty good position from that standpoint, and I think you're thinking about it right.
Mike Hennigan: Yes, Manav, it's really occurred across the whole portfolio. Ray and the refining team have done a really nice job on that side. All the support functions on the corporate side have done as well. So it is part of my DNA to be very, very conscious about cost. The team knows that's going to be a high priority for us all the time. In fact, if anything, Maryann just mentioned, as refining runs have come back up kind of with the recovery, variable costs have come up, but we've been able to maintain a pretty consistent level of OpEx there. So that's been a good story for us. We do have, again, natural gas potentially going up. But overall, we're going to continue to challenge the portfolio, both on the refining side of the business, also in the midstream side of the business. For those who listened to the MPLX call, we had originally stated about $200 million of cost reductions at MPLX. We've now increased that to about $300 million, about another $100 million that we feel pretty comfortable that we can take out of that business as well. So it's going to continue to be an area of focus for us. That's never going to change. We'll look for opportunities for us to optimize our system where we can. And back to your original point, we did have a couple closures. They were our highest cost facilities, but we're going to continue to evaluate the portfolio. I've said a couple times to people that I want to get out of this pandemic environment to see what things look like afterwards, but we are still evaluating all assets of the portfolio. And to your point, and I'm glad you remember that is I am a driver that all of our assets need to generate free cash flow. That's a mantra that I believe in, and we're hoping that we have that in our portfolio at all times. 
Mike Hennigan: Yes. So how far along is, is always a tough question because like I said earlier it's a never ending game. So we're going to continue to challenge ourselves. We'll look for incremental improvements from here. Obviously we've gotten the lion's share of book. We originally targeted to get, but it's something that we're going to continue. It's going to be part of our DNA, that we're going to look at every opportunity, every chance we get to continue to push that down. I am a believer that in this business, we need to be a low cost operator. The team deserves a lot of credit to get after that. And we've made some meaningful change, but we're not done. I'll quote Ray from the last call, we're not in the first inning and we're not in the ninth inning. So the game is still being played and it'll continue to be played. And we'll just obviously challenge ourselves all the time to see where we can run ourselves at as lean of opportunity as we can without sacrificing safety; that's another really important mantra. We're not going to put anybody at jeopardy, but we're going to run as lean as we can. And I just, my guidance to you is keep watching our results and keep talking about it. And as we have additional disclosures to tell you what's happening, we'll bring those up quarter-to-quarter. Like I just mentioned earlier midstream has just moved from a sustainable $200 million down to $300 million down. So we feel good about that. We're now telling people that we were comfortable with that number. Still challenging it in the midstream space as well; so we're going to keep the eye on the ball as far as our costs, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to be as lean as we can be.
Mike Hennigan: Yes. Theresa, sorry, I'll let the other guys jump in. I guess the term we use was hopeful, but cautious. So we are hopeful that we are recovering and continue to do so. What we've seen obviously, over the last year has been a very tough environment that we're coming out of particularly in the U.S. The reason we're still cautious, however, is the Delta variant is spiking up in a lot of areas. Outside the U.S. is a much more difficult environment than inside the U.S. today. And then you pointed out a couple of things. Jet fuel is still lagging in our view, and that'll continue to lag for some time, but eventually it will come back. But for right now, it is still lagging, and the other one that we pointed out was the west coast is still lagging. So we're going to have to see Theresa, to be honest with you, we're going to have to see how the COVID, plays itself out into the second half of the year. And as we approach another winter season if, if there continues to be increased infection, obviously there's going to be some restraint on the demand as a result like we've seen before. Hopefully not, hopefully people are seeing this variant spread and vaccination rates will increase from where they are today. I think there was a good responses originally, but I think it needs to go to another level. So we're obviously hopeful that people will take caution and get vaccinated. But in general, I mean, we have the same outlook that I think you and others have is that's why we use the word hopeful that we're recovering; coming out of this, but cautious that we still have some road to plow. And anybody wants to add. Nobody wants to add.
Mike Hennigan: That was a long one there, Theresa. Let me see if I can break it apart. I think that the main message that you're asking is we do have a unique structure that enables us to look to create value for both MPC shareholders and NPLS unit holders. So there is no rule of thumb to what you stated earlier, it's case by case basis. There's a lot of specifics to go into it. The dynamics of each of the individual opportunities, but we do have that ability to sit down and figure out how we can create value on both sides. So, obviously it's our goal to create value at MPC and MPLX and having the flexibility between the two structures, enables that. But I do want to leave you with, there's not a rule of thumb. There's not a, hey, this is the way we do this. Every instance gets its own debate and discussion, and we decide what we think is the best to create the most value.
Mike Hennigan: Sam, its Mike. I'm just going to add to what Ray said. I mean, I know your question is depending on where the market goes? But the thing that makes us feel really good about Martinez is several factors. One, we think we have a really competitive CapEx and OpEx situation, and that was one of the major drivers when we looked at this. Second as Ray just mentioned, we have really, really strong logistics; pipeline, rail, water, truck, we have a lot of opportunity there to provide value. And then the ultimate logistics is we're in California, where we're sitting on the demand. So location also matters. So regardless of what happens in the marketplace and it will ebb and flow just like every other commodity market? The reason we're so bullish on our Martinez asset is those factors that are in place day in and day out. The OpEx that we're going to run, the CapEx that it takes to get there, the logistics that we have, the location that we have, all of those play to our favor regardless of how the commodity move day-to-day; I hope that makes sense.
