Kristina Kazarian: Welcome to Marathon Petroleum Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. The slides that accompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investors tab. Joining me today on the call are Mike Hennigan, CEO; Maryann Mannen, CFO; and other members of the executive team.  We invite you to read the safe harbor statements on Slide 2. We will be making forward-looking statements today. Actual results may differ. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included there as well as in our filings with the SEC. References to MPC capital spending during the prepared remarks today reflects stand-alone MPC capital, excluding MPLX.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Kristina Kazarian: Thanks, Maryann. As we open the call for your questions, as a courtesy to all participants, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If time permits, we will re-prompt for additional questions. And with that, operator, we'll open it to questions.
Kristina Kazarian: Perfect. Well, thank you so much, everyone, for joining our call this afternoon. If you have any questions that you didn't get addressed on the call today, the Investors Relations team is available any time, please just reach out. Thank you again.
Maryann Mannen: So maybe a couple of things. First, as you've seen from the capital framework that we've been sharing this morning, the dividend obviously remains an important piece of the capital allocation strategy. As you look, you're right, as we continue to complete our capital program -- share repurchase program, the amount of capital that's allocated towards the dividend, obviously, will be declining. We think that's somewhere -- if you look at the current dividend versus where it's been, that's somewhere in the range of $200 million to $300 million right now.  We continue to think that share repurchase in the short term is an appropriate allocation of that. As we get to what we would consider to be a capital structure in a more normal environment, meaning we complete that share repurchase, we'll continue to evaluate the timing of any dividend change. But again, when you look at the difference in that dividend payment, we certainly think that we're providing that allocation in an appropriate manner.
Maryann Mannen: Neil, it's Maryann. Let me try to give you some color there, and then I'll pass it back to Mike. So I appreciate the comments. In the quarter, as you saw, about 116% capture overall. We had a couple of things happening in the quarter. One, in general, inventory was a tailwind for us this quarter. We have inventory impacts period-to-period. You can actually look at the third quarter as an example of that. Capture was about 100%. We benefited from crude timing impacts from running some advantage third quarter inventories purchased and we ran that in the fourth quarter. And we had some seasonally strong marketing margins. So historically, I think we have been talking about a baseline for our refining capture in and about a range of 95%. And while there's volatility in the quarter -- quarter-to-quarter, we're looking right now, we think, just based on this commercial execution that we've been talking about that our baseline is more like 100%.  I'll make a couple of comments, and then again, I'll pass it on to Mike, just something specific in the quarter. We did benefit in the fourth quarter from an adjustment $62 million for the full year adjustment for the 2021 RINs. That's pretty ratable quarter-by-quarter, so 1/4 of that belongs in the quarter. And we also did see a benefit of about $39 million for the Dickinson LCFS adjustment for lower CI in the quarter. So there are a few things that benefited the quarter overall. And I'll pass it back to Mike.
Maryann Mannen: One other small add to make, maybe as you're thinking about that cost and sustainability -- the sustainability of the cost reductions, keep in mind that as we are in the middle of this Martinez conversion, there are current operating costs included in that capture rate that you're seeing now. So those operating costs to complete the conversion, the day-to-day operating costs are already embedded in that capture rate as you're seeing it today.
Maryann Mannen: It's Maryann. I'll just add maybe a few additional comments. We've been looking over the last several quarters and talking about the balance sheet. We continue to say that, that investment-grade profile for us is critically important. That means we need to stay in and around gross debt-to-capital range of about 30%. We're below that, as I shared with you today. But keep in mind, we've got $9.5 billion of share repurchase remaining and all other things being consistent as we continue to do that share repurchase, right?  We'll see that ratio improve. We've done quite a bit of work to ensure we've got the right liquidity. We'll sit with $1 billion on the balance sheet, which is somewhat lower than we had initially contemplated a few quarters ago and we think that's certainly a positive step. Mike already mentioned that returning to the more, I'll say, normal capital structure. We have outlined our capital priorities, obviously, sustaining capital, the dividend being important and then we'll use share repurchase opportunistically to return that capital as we see the outlook for 2020. I hope that helps.
Maryann Mannen: Yes, sure, of course. So let me be clear, the $62 million that I referred to is the annual adjustment for 2021 compliance year. So the $62 million is total adjustment or reduction, if you will, to our obligation for all of 2021. If you think about the impact on that on the capture rate in the quarter, so we were about 116. That's about 1.7 change in the capture rate, including all $62 million. My comment on a quarterly basis was just to say that it's fairly ratable. So had -- we had that RVO obligation at the beginning of the year, you would have seen roughly a $15 million benefit to the prior quarters. That's all that I was trying to say. I hope that answers that question. The second one is really around turnaround. And I guess what we would say is, yes, absolutely back half of the year, we see a greater rating, if you will, toward our turnaround expenses. We see this year, meaning 2022, slightly higher than a normal year. We tend to think normal is in range of $600 million to $700 million, as you saw from what we had this year. So we do expect that to be a higher total for 2022. I'll let Mike add any comments.
Maryann Mannen: It's Maryann. I'd say, look, we'll look at liquidity. We certainly, as you know, committed. We were on our third quarter earnings call, to changing the cadence and hopefully, that we've demonstrated our ability to do so in the third quarter -- so from our third quarter performance. We'll absolutely look at liquidity. And as I said, we remain committed to getting that done in 2022 and given the pace that we've achieved, we're likely to be able to get that done sooner. And again, I'm talking about the $10 billion initial commitment.
Maryann Mannen: Yes. No, no worries at all. Yes, unfortunately, we really do not provide those inventory movements quarter-to-quarter on a regional basis. So not disclosed, and it's not actually something that we would typically share. .
Maryann Mannen: Paul, it's Maryann. Maybe we can take that offline and address all of your questions specifically. Would that be helpful? .
Michael Hennigan: Doug, it's Mike. Let me just add a little bit to Mary's comments. One of the things that I think may be getting misconstrued is we are still committed to the dividend, as Mary just said. However, we're in a little bit of a different situation than normal operating cash flow. I mean we're sitting with about $11 billion on the balance sheet in a large return program. And as you just saw, we did about $3 billion since the last call.  So as far as order of magnitude, we're committed to returning capital. But right now, the size of the share repurchase relative to the dividend is just out of proportion until we get to a more normal balance sheet. So I don't want people to think we're not committed to the dividend. We are going to evaluate it, as Mary just said. But right now, we're putting a lot of the effort in the return into the buyback program. I hope that helps.
Michael Hennigan: Yes, Prashant, it's Mike. I just want to add a little bit more color to what Ray said. So if you back up, the way I've looked at this project from the beginning is do we have competitive CapEx? Do we have competitive OpEx and logistics and ultimately, feedstock to make it work? So Ray has just talked a little bit about the CapEx, and we finally have disclosed that number. Part of the reason I wanted to explain that we hadn't disclosed it up until this point is because we've been working the feedstock side of the business pretty detailed and that's still in progress. So hopefully, we'll give more updates as time goes by. But we're at a point as we've negotiated with a lot of different counterparties that we felt comfortable now that we can disclose the CapEx because that's been part of all the discussions and all the negotiations that have occurred on that side of the ledger. So I think us disclosing that now, Ray, trying to give you a little bit more feel for -- we put some CapEx in that we believe is going to give us lower operating expenses over time. And I think the whole puzzle is kind of coming together is the way we thought of the project: competitive CapEx, competitive OpEx, good logistics, as Ray just mentioned. And then like I said, we're still working on that feedstock side, but we're pretty far along in what we're trying to accomplish there.
Michael Hennigan: Yes, Prashant, it's Mike. I'll start off and then I'll let Brian or Ray jump in if they'd like to. One of the things people have asked me about, can you talk a little bit about commercial stuff. And I've tried not to go into a lot of detail there. But the point you're making has got a little bit of portfolio and a little bit of commercial side to it. Long term, I think the point you're making is markets equilibrate and you'll see some competitiveness and we agree with that. It's part of the reason that we stress test Martinez.  But in the short term, we've got Dickinson up and running and you got to be fast in this business. You got to be quick. And I think what you're seeing through the team effort here because it's our portfolio and it's part commercial was to get this Beatrice plant up and running, get 3,000 barrels a day of really advantaged feedstock there, get a couple of thousand barrels a day of converting the biodiesel plant.  So it's partly the portfolio or the engineering team working with the commercial team. To your point, right at the moment, those feedstocks are advantaged and getting pretreated. Long term, you're right. The competitiveness will change over time. There will be more equilibrium. But at the same time, as Ray talked about, we felt having full pretreatment at Martinez was still going to be a good thing for us in the long term.  And the technology that we pick there, so there's a lot of important thoughts from an engineering and technical side that also married to what we want to try and achieve commercially. And like I said, hopefully, we'll be able to give you a little bit more color on feedstock as time goes by. But we felt it was a good enough time to explain what the CapEx number is and how we're feeling about it.
Michael Hennigan: Yes, Neil, I'm going to add, but it looks like Brian wants to jump in and want to comment, and then I'll finish up.
Michael Hennigan: And Neil, it's Mike. One of the things -- happy with the progress that Brian and the team are making in some of those areas. But I do want to stay on the record that I'm not a big fan of this metric. I've said that many, many times. And the main reason is because there's other things that can drive the metric in different directions. The spread between light products and heavy products is the most dominant feature in it.  And I just want to remind people that you can have a low capture rate if you're still making a lot of money or you could have a high capture rate and not be making as much. So you got to be a little careful or you got to dig into the details because the metric itself has some flaws. Now with that said, am I glad that we're making incremental progress? Sure. I think all things being equal, we want to see the number up higher than not.  But I just keep want to caution, Kristina is tired of me saying this to her all the time that there's other factors that influence that metric that can mislead or misalign some of the activities going on. But overall, as Mary said and Brian said, good things happen should drive that in the right direction. But I just want to keep putting that caution out.  I'm still challenging Kristina and our team to come up with a better way to do it. We haven't come up with that yet, but we're working on it because I think we may be able to come up with something that might be a little better. But in the meantime, I know everybody tracks this one and is used to looking at it. So it is what it is, and I just wanted to make sure I had that caution on it.
Michael Hennigan: Yes, Neil, it's a good question. It is still a little early. What I was saying earlier is we're still actively engaged in some feedstock discussions. So we can't go to that disclosure. We got to the point with our discussions that capital is now very open with everybody, so we thought we could disclose it. So that's where we are in the process. You saw in our prepared remarks, we have secured some feedstock. We're still in some discussions, but still a little premature.  But we were thinking that we could at least put the capital out there and that would give some color to some of the questions that people have been asking us. And I know it's taken a little bit of time, but part of it is we couldn't disclose it while we were still in some level of those negotiations. Now that we're past that, we can disclose that piece, but we still have some activity going on.
Michael Hennigan: Yes, Roger, it's a good question. What I'm trying to say is the metric can be driven by different factors other than what we're doing than things we have control of. Brian was mentioning some of the things that we have control of that we think are increasing our commercial capture. What I was trying to say, sometimes the spreads themselves can drive that metric in a different direction.  So the only thing I was trying to say is the metric itself has some good parts to it. It has some bad parts to it. And you usually have to drill down to really understand what's happening. Now like I just said, I'm happy with the commercial team making progress. For apples-to-apples, we want to see that number higher. But I just want to continue to caution people that there's some flaws in the metric or some other things that drive it, just like Mary said in her remarks.  So part of, like you said, cost and everything that we're doing on that side, is still a high focus. We have a lot of focus, as Brian said, on the commercial side of the business, trying to be a little reluctant to give a lot of details in that regard because of the competitive nature of it, but also listening to people saying, "Hey, can you give me some color what's going on there? So we tried to pick a few examples that we could give you a little bit of the way we're thinking about it. And hoping it helps, but I'll leave it there.
Michael Hennigan: Yes, Roger, it's Mike. I'll take that again. I would say, in general, you're referring to that we made a change at the CCO level. I do want to say, Brian was a contributor this year. He's a nice guy and a very smart guy. And commercial team has been doing some really good stuff. But ultimately, we weren't in sync on philosophy and expectations, so I thought a change was necessary.  But I don't want to diminish the progress that the team has made. I don't want to diminish Rick and Brian who are on the call here today and their teams are -- I love Brian's word, hyperfocused. I was glad to hear that. We think there is opportunity for us in this area. And like I said, we had a little bit of philosophical and expectation differences that I just thought it was -- is warranted to make a change rather than try and get that back on track. It was warranted to make a change.  But I'm happy with the progress that's been occurring. I think we have clear line of sight of some other opportunities for us. I know we frustrate people by not giving a lot of detail there, but hopefully, you'll just continue to see it in results, and we'll try to think of ways and opportunities that we can explain some things that will help you guys understand the business from our perspective a little better.
Michael Hennigan: And Manav, it's Mike. I just want to reemphasize something that's important and give Ray and his team some credit for. I mean, at the end of the day, we spend a lot of time thinking about this CapEx. And ultimately, to your point, it's a good number, but we actually had a lower capital case that we thought would have a higher operating expense, as Ray mentioned. And we chose to spend a little more capital.  So trying to bring a little more commerciality into the decision to assist the technical side of it, I think, has played out really well for us. Ray hasn't talked a lot about it, but the technology that we picked there was very important. And offline, we can talk to you a little bit about that, but that's a very important part of how this project has played itself out, choosing to go a little higher on CapEx even though it's a pretty good rate, just so that we get lower OpEx.  It was an important part of the discussion. The sustainability of the project and the way we set up that part of the project, we're pretty happy about. So I give -- Ray and his team connected to the commercial side of it, that's the important part that we're trying to emphasize today that it's not just engineers picking [indiscernible] there's a connectivity that has to occur between those that makes the project better.  So even in an example, and I know you're thinking, hey, it's a good number. We actually had a case that was a lower number, higher OpEx, and we went with this case because we thought it was a better long term to have that OpEx lower. And like I said, the technology and the sustainability and the carbon output of it, I think, has turned out to be really good. So we're happy to disclose it. And offline, we can give a little bit more color around some of those details.
Michael Hennigan: So I'll let Mary talk about the balance sheet and debt, obviously, an important part, but I'll give you a big picture look, is part of the way we looked at this business is we want all of our assets to generate free cash. So you're pointing out something that we've been working on over the last couple of years. You make portfolio adjustments, you adjust commercial activity, do all those things so that you end up in a position where we like -- where we are right now.  And it was mentioned earlier, we haven't abandoned the dividend. We've kind of put that a little on hold as we return a lot of capital via share buybacks. But I'm still a big believer in you got to be in this position, so you got to put the business in this position so that you can then have really good discussions about return of capital and return on capital.  We do want to grow the business. We've been very selective in where we're going to put some of that money and we'll continue to be that way. And when we are selective, we'll have cash that we'll return to shareholders. When we are selective, and we think we have a good investment, we're going to put it there. And we're going to continue to challenge all of our teams to tie the technical side of this business to the commercial side of this business, such that at the end of the day, we put ourselves in a position where we have the choices that you're talking about.  So we have some thoughts going forward. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but at the same time, I'm happy that the team has embraced the concept, the philosophical concept of putting ourselves in a position where all assets contribute free cash, will generate that -- as you know, I've said many, many times, we don't control the market. So we're a pricetaker in a large part of refining. So that will make some of our business volatile.  And then we want to have the balance sheet in a good position as well. So I don't know if Mary wants to comment on that. But at the end of the day, I think you pointed out the good end game, which is generate a lot of cash in the business, have some flexibility and then make some good decisions on what's the best way to create value.
Michael Hennigan: So I'll start with your second part and I'll let Mary go back to the first part. So to answer your question, Paul, it's both. It's -- yes, it should be a separate profit center for us. Rick, Brian and the team are very committed to that. You heard some examples earlier. So that's a stand-alone. And then the other part of it is connectivity to the whole business, making sure the commercial and the portfolio side are totally in sync. So the answer is really both. You have to do both really, really well.  Again, when I started this by saying portfolio cost and commercial, they're all linked, and they all have an obligation across the supply chain. So that's one obligation, and then they all have to do excellence in their own regard. So the commercial area needs to do excellence in just the commercial area. Ray's team needs to do excellence, like I was saying earlier about picking that technology at the end of the day. That's something that goes across both and then have some excellence inside of it.  So the answer -- the short answer to your question is both. Like I said earlier, I'm trying to give you some examples of how we're approaching it. Trying not to go into too much detail, but just to give you a little bit more of the philosophy. So hopefully, that helps, and then I'll let Mary talk on the first part.
Michael Hennigan: Yes. Again, the answer is both. We have -- part of our commercial team is dedicated to the supply chain and what we're doing, and then part of it is more entrepreneurial and trying to look at it in a little bit different regards. So I think both still the right answer. .
Michael Hennigan: And Paul, the only thing that I would add is, again, watch quarterly results, there's always timing from Q3 into Q4, Q4 into Q1. Some of that occurred here. And like I said, Mary can give you a little bit more offline and Kristina and the team. But just be careful when you look at 1 quarter isolate it, that tends to get a little bit misaligned if there was activity across the quarters. So just keep that in mind when you guys have the discussion.
Brian Partee: Yes, sure. This is Brian. Great question. So I think the short answer is too early to tell, but I think you're on to it. Maryann mentioned in her prepared comments, the volatility we've seen in natural gas over the last several months. We've gone from $3 gas to $6 down to $4, now we're peaking back up to 5. So directionally, yes, very supportive relative to the cheap natural gas position we have that we believe is certainly sustainable over the long term in The U.S. But ultimately, these are long-term decisions for anybody that has that exposure overseas to higher natural gas prices. But yes, directionally, we do see it as supportive. It's just a little bit too early to tell. But if we stay in this $5 to $6 gas range, it will absolutely put pressure on those that have that exposure, and we'll look for upside. But it's one of many variables.
Brian Partee: Yes. No, from an import perspective, not yet. I mean, that's one thing that we're looking at, both the fundamental balance in the Atlantic Basin looking at opportunities to actually export into Europe. But the ARPS has been pretty stable. No big immediate changes here in the short term, but we're watching it very closely.
Brian Partee: Yes, Neil, thanks for the question. This is Brian. So just commercially, we are hyper-focused on optimization and improvement. I think we've been pretty transparent and clear about that as one of our 3 key strategic initiatives. So just a bit of color. The Gulf Coast was an area here over the last quarter where we saw some nice, marked improvements in our operations commercially that help to drive a better capture.  Really fundamentally, what's helping with that for us and our business is better alignment of the team. We're getting the right resources and getting them focused in the right areas and aligned efficiently. In a couple of examples, in the Gulf Coast, just highlighting that as an example, it's really helping us drive our marketing book and our growth in and along the Gulf Coast.  And then our export expansion as well. We've been really focused on our expansion of our export book. And specific to our export book, we're really focused on more delivered cargoes. So we're moving further down the value chain, higher margin capture. So we've had a lot of success in growing that line of our business.  And then lastly, we did take in a position in the Caribbean in the fourth quarter that allows us to optimize supply both internationally and domestically, particularly into Florida as well as developing blending program in and along the Caribbean. So I just wanted to provide some color and some examples of things that we're doing to help advance our commercial initiatives.
