Raymond L. Brooks: Sure, Gary. We've completed all of our planned turnaround work, which was heavy in the first quarter, and we're back up running all our refineries at plan and at maximum. And our swing streams right now are directed to the gasoline stream. We have the capability to swing about 10% between gasoline to diesel, and that's all pointed to gasoline right now.
Raymond L. Brooks: Yeah. With the Robinson turnaround, we completed the project to increase our light crude processing capability. And what that allow us to do is increase our handling of light crude by 30,000 barrels a day on a stream day basis, and at the same time, that gives us an overall increase in total crude throughput of about 20,000 barrels a day at that refinery. So significant improvement in that refinery.
Raymond L. Brooks: Well, the yield impact would just basically follow our normal distribution of about between gasoline and diesel there. There wouldn't be a large change there, overall. One thing that we've done at that refinery too at the end of last year is we increased our hydrocracker capacity by about 10,000 barrels a day. So this plays along with that too.
Donald C. Templin: Sure. Evan, we do see improving pricing around NGLs, and we are optimistic and look favorably upon what's happening in the market. I think as it relates specifically to MPLX and our producer customers particularly in the Marcellus and Utica, absolute prices are important, but so is basis differential. And one of the challenges that they had particularly last summer was there were discounts from other markets. And so, our goal right now and the activities that we are undertaking are really focused on relieving the excess volumes in the Basin and allowing them to get to markets that are either more liquid or international markets. So, our projects like rail to the East Coast, our projects like – and this will be a little bit longer-term, but a consideration of butane to alkylate, our efforts to load unit trains, are the positive news about ethane being shipped from the Basin over to the East Coast and making its way onto an international shipment. Those are all very positive in our view for the producer customers that we have a regular interaction with and that impact our business the most.
Donald C. Templin: Okay. Yeah. I would say that we are monitoring and are in regular constant dialogue with our producer customers. I do think, obviously, the uptick in pricing is a very positive sign for them. Our capital budget that we have currently, the billion-dollar capital budget, I think is reflective of what we believe our current drilling plans for our customers, our producer customers. We obviously – we think there is some flex there. But I don't anticipate that there would be any significant movement from the number that we've publicly quoted.
Donald C. Templin: And Phil, this is Don. On the MPLX side, or Midstream side, our budget this year has been reduced or we're going to manage it down to something closer to $1 billion. Of that, probably 60%-ish or so was G&P and 40% was logistics and storage. And in that 40% were a couple projects that were underway that we are going to complete this year, that won't continue on into next year, to give us some flexibility. So, for example, the Cornerstone project will be completed by the – we're projecting that it will be completed by the fourth quarter of this year. And that was roughly half of the budget that we had for the L&S business. On the G&P side of the business, this year, in our budget, about 60% of the total year budget was around gathering, and 40% was sort of processing and fractionation. The remainder of the year it's actually a higher proportion of gathering than processing and fractionation. We've essentially completed the major projects that we were undertaking. So, we have the ability to flex that capital next year, really dependent upon how our producer customers and what they're planning to do and how quickly they continue to grow their volumes. So, I believe there's a lot of flex. I believe that the – on the MPLX side, particularly, capital is probably closer to a number that we had this year. But we'll continue to manage that as the year progresses.
Donald C. Templin: Yeah. So I don't know that there's any very unique one-timers. I mean again, a lot of what we've seen on the other gross margin sort of as it's tracked over time, has really been a function of where absolute crude prices are, because obviously at lower crude prices, you'll see things like volumetric gains decline in terms of the value ascribed to the gain within the refining system as absolute refined product prices are lower. You'll see with a lot of the differentials having come in, you also see a lot of the benefits that we had seen historically on the blend stock and feedstock into the system. Those spreads relative to L&S have come in as well. There is a little bit less opportunity, again, at these absolute levels to garner the benefits of feedstocks and blend stocks into the system as well. So, again, a lot of that has been trending that way just at the absolute levels and with some of the differentials coming off. And those are probably the biggest drivers of it. There's nothing in first quarter that was particularly unusual relative to the trends that we've seen really over the course of the last year.
Timothy T. Griffith: Yeah. With regard to the cash balances, as you may recall for the Analyst Day last year, we highlighted the fact that as we go through our core liquidity analysis and how much we need to support the business and protect for all the potential contingencies, there's a number of elements of that analysis that are a function of absolute crude prices, and the amount of core liquidity in the form of cash that we would keep at $100, $80, $60 oil is much higher than where it is at oil between $30 and $40 and $45. So, I think we are very comfortable at the $308 million number. We expect it's going to be anywhere between sort of zero and $0.5 billion. And with the committed capacity we have on the facilities and the sort of tools we have available to us with working capital and otherwise, I think we are very comfortable that if these absolute price levels that we're at appropriate levels to protect the business on a going forward basis. So there's – I don't think there's a notion, at least at these crude prices, that we necessarily need to build cash balances back. I think we're comfortable with where we're at. But as Gary said, a lot of opportunity for sort of earnings enhancement as we go forward. And we'll certainly have those levers available to us, so.
Timothy T. Griffith: No. I would just reiterate the notion that, Brad, I think as we assess things, the convertible preferred provides a very efficient form of equity capital in a market that's been sort of volatile with elevated yields. Obviously, through the first quarter you saw common unit yields, which were extraordinarily high. And I think we were careful thinking about exactly what that could mean for the partnership on a long-term basis. So, with the amount of inventor interest around these securities and structuring of securities that we think makes sense it, as Gary said, provides a fantastic funding source. It takes 2016 off the table right into 2017. And again, allows the focus on the business to be the continued growth in production, the organic projects and positions the partnership well. What this will mean for sponsor support, I think MPC stands ready in all of its varying forms and all the varying tools to step in to help support the partnership. When there is efficient capital available in the marketplace, we'll avail ourselves of that. And when that's not available, MPC will stand ready. So we're pleased with getting this security done. As Gary said, there was some thought that MPC would provide this funding. MPC is still prepared to do so, but with the third-party money available, at terms that we found attractive, we thought that was a very good decision to move forward on.
Timothy T. Griffith: Well, Chi, I don't know that there's a hard target. Again, this is something that we'll sort of assess as we go. Obviously, a relatively weak quarter on the earnings side and the resulting cash flows. So I think you'd expect that the activity would have been lower in first quarter. But again, I think our focus is that, we've talked about 100% of free cash flow through cycle as the business generates cash and we're sort of carefully looking at capital. We expect that the activity is going to vary based on any given quarter. So, I wouldn't say that it's a hard target, but a continued long-term focus on making that an important part of our overall capital plans.
Timothy T. Griffith: Sure. Phil, obviously, as Gary indicated, we have and will continue to look very carefully at capital. There's a certain portion of the capital budget at MPC that is, what we'll probably describe as a little bit more maintenance in nature, a little bit more sort of regulatory pieces. But for all the pieces, and certainly when we think about some of the investments in Speedway, in T&L, obviously the Star project we announced, we've sort of extended that and pushed it out. There are elements and good pockets within the capital budget that probably would continue to have flex capability to them, depending on how things go. I mean there are a number of things that we can sort of set up and pursue more rapidly if conditions improve and we see the earnings and cash flows that could support the investments there, or frankly, defer further, defer into 2017 and potentially beyond as the needs of the business sort of migrate over time. So there is, I think, with any refining business, you'll see an element of capital that maybe has a little bit less flexibility to it. But we still have significant elements that we'll continue to look at over the course of this year and into next in terms of where we may want to make some adjustments.
Gary R. Heminger: And Brad, I'll – Brad, let me just say, while we don't report individual segments from inside Speedway, Tony's team did a tremendous job and they now have re-ID'd all of the stores that were going through re-ID; way ahead of schedule on the synergies. We're way ahead of the schedule on the cash flow that we expected from this acquisition. But at the same time, their legacy assets performed very, very well. So, both sides I would say are running on all cylinders.
Gary R. Heminger: Neil, and you're right, we have talked about this before. And as we look at that question, the answer has to be what – how do we think shareholders are valuing Speedway inside of MPC today, and therefore what is the delta? When I step back and really look at the delta that may be available, it certainly is not a number that I think gives credence to separating from the long-term strategic value that we see in having Speedway under the control of – or I should say not under the control, but inside the value system and inside the supply chain system of Marathon. It's always been one of our key value quotients with inside Marathon. We've gone back and done a lot of work on some other transactions that have happened historically where companies spun off their retail and it appeared to be a pretty small bump in share value that can be eroded for many different reasons across the value chain. With all that said, we continue to look at it. We continue to analyze it. And I clearly, as you and I have spoken, I clearly see what the values that are being garnered inside the retail-only space. And, as always, we will continue to analyze this as we go down the road.
Gary R. Heminger: Right. Neil, as I spoke at your conference earlier in the year, Neil, I made a prediction that crude would be somewhere mid-$50s to $60 by the end of the year. Brent topped $47 yesterday and looks to have a momentum going into today. And I still believe that crude will continue. And what's so important is that this inches up slowly. You do not want to spike on a very short-term basis, because I think the pain on a spike and then coming off that spike would have longer lasting effects on the marketplace. So you want to have a very slow, gradual move. And we're seeing that happening. And I still stand by our thoughts that the crude is going to continue to move. And I think that's beneficial across the entire energy sector. I think that it improves demand. If you get prices up and get people back working in the oil fields, I think it's important, again, for the entire worldwide global demand sector. What I said in my remarks that – I'm glad you brought it up, is that we're starting to see the medium sours, the Mars, and some other cargos of Mars, medium, and other lookalike type barrels over the last month or so, we're starting to see that Mars spread, that medium sours spreads widen out. And I think that is very supportive to the industry, very supportive to those refiners who have the ability to run this medium sour crude and have the residual processing capability to handle (41:14) and us being the largest manufacturer of asphalt in the country, it really helps us as we went to the asphalt season. So I see crude continuing to move up for the balance of the year. I think it's very good for the medium and heavy sour refiners. And at the same time, we'll see what happens. I would expect that there's going to be another meeting of the OPEC numbers here in May. And at that time, I would expect to see these freezes put into place. And if that happens, I think it'll continue to have some pressure on the LLS grades as far as any spreads. But I think it will continue to benefit the medium sour players.
Gary R. Heminger: Doug, we've always – you've heard me say many times that over-the-road diesel is a, I think, a precursor to the overall economy.
Gary R. Heminger: Due to some of the – if you go back to the first quarter, we just analyzed our diesel demand, over-the-road diesel demand in the first quarter. And there were times across the Eastern Seaboard, we lost four days and five days of diesel demand because of severe weather. But...
Gary R. Heminger: ...you have severe weather in different pockets of the country every year. But it seem to be more severe in the markets in which we operate today. But you're right. It has always historically been somewhat of a predictor of the overall economy. I look at some of our big, big customers on the diesel side and they're down probably 2% to 3% on a same-store basis on diesel demand. Yet in talking to a lot of the big trucking companies, the trucking companies' books, they say looks strong going into Q2 and for the summer months. So, it remains to be seen. I expect that diesel, I don't think for the year, we're going to be down 3%. But we may – as you know, we've had tremendous growth in diesel the last three years or four years. And I think some of that is just leveling off of what the demand has been. But we still – if you go back and look the last three years or four years, probably in total up around 10%. So, when you average this out, I think the market's still fairly good.
Gary R. Heminger: But the other thing, Doug, due to the export markets, our export markets, as Tim said in his remarks, of course, we had turnarounds in the first quarter that will have dropped our export volume. But we've come back strong, and the book looks good throughout the balance of the second quarter, up over 300,000 barrels per day in exports, which would suggest that Venezuela continues to struggle.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, Chi, I would say that if you go back and look at our exports and look at the exports of the industry, still about 2 to 1 the global demand for diesel in the export market is what we're seeing. As I said earlier, we're back to all the diesel inventories across Pad 2 are balanced to where we were same period last year. Still up about seven million barrels of inventory in Pad 3. I think that can be cleared relatively easy as we go into the balance of the quarter. It's all going to come back to the question Doug had on, what is overall the over-the-road diesel demand equation? What happens to that in the near-term? But as we see – and it's always been our position. We work very hard to always balance the diesel inventory in Pad 2. Pad 3 diesel inventory moves into Pad 1, moves into Pad 2 with the demand and any dislocation that may happen in the marketplace. But most importantly is the export demands for diesel. Going back to Doug's question about Venezuela, and I think some other markets, we're continuing to see very strong demand. But we're also seeing improvement in gasoline demand at some of those export markets as well. So, I understand your question, and I think the entire industry is continuing to assess and be very careful in any incremental diesel projects. But as you know, Chi, you don't do one of these projects overnight. They're long-term in the planning and long-term that generally these small upgrades or creep that you get in that supply commonly do have a major turnaround cycle plan. So, it's all going from back down to the balance of over-the-road demand and the balance of export demand going forward.
Gary R. Heminger: Well, no, it wasn't a throw-away comment. It's just – you read the same things I do. But I go back in history and look at how all these discussions play out. There's a tremendous amount of disappointment in a number of the OPEC members that this wasn't solved at the April 17 meeting. And the expectation is, there'll be another meeting here in May. And this goes along with my entire thesis of where we think crude prices are going to go. I, of course, don't have any inside knowledge of whether there will or will not be. But it certainly comes from my years of experience that I would expect that you'll see another meeting.
Gary R. Heminger: Sure, Paul. And we stated in early February, we reduced the capital – that we've reduced the capital budget around $1 billion across both MPLX and MPC side of the equation. Our major projects, we are just embarking on very, very early stages of the Big Star project. And that goes out six years for the South Texas asset redevelopment project. So that goes out for a number of years, and we do not have any large projects or large capital expenditures in any individual project all at once. We will continue to look at the capital. Don has done a very good job in being able to squeeze capital out of the midstream side, as well as Tony has on the retail side to be very efficient and probably to backload some projects where we saw was opportunistic to reduce some of our capital spend. And we continue to look at that every month as we close our books. My comments on capital deployment and getting back into share repurchases was that, as we went through this big acquisition at Speedway, now a year-and-a-half ago, and that's, as I said earlier, we're way ahead of schedule on the EBITDA that it is generating. And MPLX, I believe that we really have that going in the right direction that our plan is, as conditions improve, and Tim just answered the question from Chi on share repurchases. We do not have a month-by-month plan on what we're going to do. But our strategy – or I mean we know what we want to do, but not a plan on exactly any share buybacks and when that might happen. But we want to get back into a rhythm as we log into the next few years of being able to harvest from these businesses that we've acquired and really set this company up very, very strong across all three segments of the business that we will be able to harvest and get back into a strong share buyback program over the long term.
