Lisa Wilson: Thank you, Jason. Welcome to Marathon Petroleum's Corporation fourth quarter 2017 earnings webcast and conference call. The slides that accompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investor Center tab. On the call today are Gary Heminger, Chairman and CEO; Don Templin, President; Tim Griffith, MPC's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Mike Hennigan, President MPLX and other members of MPC's executive team. We invite you to read the Safe Harbor statements on slide 2. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the call and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included there, as well as in our filings with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Gary Heminger for opening remarks on Slide 3.
Lisa Wilson: Thank you, Tim. As we open the call for your questions, as a courtesy to all participants, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If time permits, we will re-prompt for additional questions. With that, we will now open the call to questions.
Lisa Wilson: Thank you for your question today and your interest in Marathon Petroleum Corporation. Should you have additional questions or would like clarification on topics discussed this morning, Denise Myers, Doug Wendt and I will be available to take your calls. Thank you for joining us.
Donald Templin: Thanks Gary. Turning to Slide 4. We reported fourth quarter earnings of $2 billion or $4.09 per diluted share and full year earnings of $3.4 billion or $6.70. Fourth quarter and full year earnings reflect the net benefit of $1.5 billion related to tax reform. The Midstream segment which largely reflects the financial results of MPLX reported record financial results in the fourth quarter and for the full year 2017. This record setting performance was primarily driven by gathered, processed and fractionated volume growth resulting in high plant utilization. After the closing of today's dropdown and the elimination of IDRs, MPLX is among the largest diversified master limited partnerships in the energy sector with a very competitive cost of capital going forward. Given its robust portfolio of organic projects in the Marcellus, Utica, Permian and Stack, as well as a diversified suite of logistics assets, we believe MPLX is very well positioned to be a source of significant long term value for its unitholders including MPC. I would encourage you to listen in on the MPLX call at 11 AM this morning to hear additional color on the partnerships performance and opportunities. Speedway achieved record full year performance in 2017. This was driven by strong earnings from light product sales, an increase of 1.2% in same store merchandize sales, lower operating expenses and contributions from its travel center joint venture. This is Speedway's sixth straight year of record results and second consecutive year generating $1 billion of annual EBITDA reinforcing the strategic value of this high performing, stable cash flow business. Turning Refining & Marketing, we delivered strong results with full year segment earnings of $2.3 billion, an increase of nearly $1 billion over 2016. We operated exceptionally well throughout the year and we're able to capture strong crack spreads and wider crude differentials across our system. Additionally, we achieve numerous monthly process units and production records in the fourth quarter and throughout 2017 including monthly records for crude throughput and gasoline and distiller production. As a result, we are now the second largest refinery in the U.S. on a crude throughput basis and Galveston Bay and Garyville are the second and third largest refineries respectively. With that let me turn the call over to Tim to walk you through the financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year.
Donald Templin: Sure, Paul. We have consistently believed that the RFS is broken and we need either significant reform or repeal. MPC has always been focused on a long term solution that in our view permanently addresses all the issues and problems with the RFS. Clearly the PES situation recently has that maybe put a little bit more focus on RIMs and the RFS. But our view is that you need to have a long term solution. And we're actually, fairly optimistic or optimistic about the legislative efforts that are ongoing in Washington D.C. led by Senator Cornyn and others and we think it will result in a solution that I think has some short term relief but more importantly has a long term solution to RFS eliminating the mandate and allowing our transportation fuels and other transportation fuels to be able to participate in a free market.
Donald Templin: Well, I mean we've actually we've been having dialogue with a number of legislators and I guess we have some perspectives on things that we think will work. They've been - I think they need to make sure that they have a solution that works for the energy industry that works for the corn ethanol industry. So I think there's lots of perspectives that are currently being considered. We are hopeful that we should see legislation in the not too distant future Paul, but I think it's premature for us to try to speculate as to what that will be since a number of legislators are working on that.
Gary Heminger: Sure. And what I was saying is that in total I was not saying incremental, Paul, I was saying in total that our reserve destruction will grow to by the time we finish these projects in 2019 and 2020, we're going to grow to about 280,000 maybe I said 280,000 to 300,000 by the time we get this done in 2017. In '17 - let me tell in 2016 it was 240,000 barrels per day, in 2017, we finished a part of the Star Project which took us from that up to about 252,000 barrels per day and the balance would take us up this 280,000 to 300,000 and then that's a residual destruction. And then in distillate production, in 2017, we were about 640,000 and we're going to go up to about 710,000 to 720,000 when we complete these projects. So in total, the increment is about 60,000 barrels a day of residual destruction incremental and about 110,000 barrels a day or so of incremental distillate.
Gary Heminger: Well, that it all depended on the date - excuse me that the crude prices of the differentials when we get these projects complete. The other thing is that we have the flexibility to run about 70% of medium sours and heavier or 70% sweet. And every day we're going to optimize based on where the crude diffs are. So we're going to have tremendous flexibility to run a very high medium sour, heavy slate and residual destruction. But if the sweet markets are if you optimize with sweet then will be able to run sweet, but that's the benefit in our system is that we can go either direction.
Gary Heminger: Let me ask Don to talk about this. Don's been very involved here recently meeting with a number of people in DC. And yes we are very, very involved in this. But let me have done to give you the details on the update.
Gary Heminger: And Paul, I can say that we have the right legislators at the table working on this. Senators Cornyn and Cruz along with Grassley and Ernst. Grassley and Ernst being from the Corn Belt states are all very involved. So we're both sides of the table working on this. And then on the house side, The Chairman, Walden along with our Congressman Shimkus are very, very involved. So they are the right people at the table trying to get this issue off a high center. And I'm fairly confident that we're going to get there this spring.
Gary Heminger: Yeah, Phil. We think that the effective tax rate is probably going to be a couple points below statutory in a going forward basis so we sort of guide you in that direction. We haven't given specific guidance as to the cash tax benefits but we have looked at 2017 sort of as if basis with tax reform and it's something in the order of $400 million to $500 million savings of cash taxes so again we're not giving specific forecast but it's certainly of that order of magnitude as we go forward.
Gary Heminger: Sure. Yeah and again we're not giving specific guidance but what we did indicate is that after tax cash proceeds from the drops which are closing today beyond what any adjustments we need to make to capital structure to support the investment grade credit profile would generally be targeted at some form of shareholder return. So again I would use that as your guide in terms of what you think the year could be, but it is share purchase continues to be an important vehicle for us to get capital back to shareholders. We think it is very tax efficient and I think you'll continue to see you know substantial activity there.
Gary Heminger: Yeah. I think Phil probably the best thing to do would be to just adjust down based on the new tax rates from where we're at in terms of what the absolute leakage around the distributions would be. We haven't given specific guidance as a lot of allocation work that's got to be done in order to determine what that will look like but I think at a macro level taking the new statutory rates at what we provided before is probably a pretty good starting point.
Gary Heminger: Well, there continues to be opportunities in the midstream. I think the number at the year, I would expect the midstream positions probably to heat up. We're very bullish on the midstream when you look at the couple of our biggest customers on the production side that they're talking about the big increase and drilling activity over the next couple years. We're bullish on the in the Marcellus, Utica area that we've seen very strong growth in both of those arenas. On top of that the Permian, overtime, there's been a number of assets put in place I think specifically were put in place eventually to put on the market does a more single one-off type assets. We continue to look at a number of those, but I think both in midstream and in retail, there are going to be some opportunities during 2018.
Gary Heminger: Brad, the biggest piece is really the income allocation that we make to the publicly held units and MPLX so that that is even without tax reform there would have been a big impact on the effective tax rate. So that's the biggest driver of that to a couple of point difference between statutory and our effective guidance.
Gary Heminger: The answer is yes. You know I've been very clear in the presentations we made at the end of the year and in our presentation today. And we are increasing the capital budget by $150 million in Speedway this year from 3.80 to 5.30, a very strong - and I'll ask Mike Hennigan to talk in a second here about what he sees on the Midstream side and Tim just answered on our return to shareholders. If you look since the beginning of MPC and specifically in 2017, very, very strong returns to shareholders both in dividends and share buybacks. You will continue to see as Tim just highlighted a significant amount of the after tax proceeds we received for these drops, it's going to be available for capital return to shareholders. Beyond that we see some very strong opportunities, Kristina's first question of the day a very strong opportunities in the refining side mainly around distillates production in our refineries. And let ask Mike here to talk about what he is seeing in the Midstream side.
Gary Heminger: Yes, just it is very bullish but and Tony can give you more color but it's - let's hope it's non-recurring but it was the tremendous weather issues we had across the entire southeast, the southwest added as well but mainly the southeast all the way up to New York to region where you live. And then we had it across entire Ohio valley. But we've had two to three major ice storms and things just we're shutdown. And I think that proves out, if you look at this week's inventory number in the build in crude oil, it's just less of refineries not being able to run, fall out, a number of refineries having temporary blips mostly due to power outage, but all this kind of works together. I think it is a very temporary thing. The other thing that Tony can speak to is we've had a very swift rising crude price and you have to be able to get that price to the street. So Tony, you want to how many restorations you've seen so far this year.
Gary Heminger: Neil, let me say to your question and we had this in conference as well. I need the biggest macro change that you have seen in 2017 is that gasoline demand has outpaced where the expectations of the prognosticators are in the market. So outperformed very nicely in 2017. We would expect that to continue. Distillate continues to outperform. So both of those with the days of supply being very much in checked both gasoline and distillate as compared to five year average. I think build is very, very well on a macro standpoint for the refining industry.
Gary Heminger: Yeah, from a macro standpoint Neil, if you look at the crude inventories, very much in line and looking at a just over the last years a significant I would say rebalancing of crude oil across the entire system. So at your conference, we talked about where we think prices will be for the year and since your conference, I even becoming more bullish on where I think crude prices are going to go because of the resilience of the market, how the oil producers are continuing to I think be more constrained about incremental production coming into the market. And I think on the U.S. production side, there is a very strong view of that they need to be careful on running too fast, too quickly in the marketplace. So I think you are going to see probably will get north of 70 this year on the crude price which I think boards well for the total utilization of refineries, they boards well for the drill bit that's going to satisfy the NGL producers and those markets as well. So I think from a macro standpoint, it's going to be a strong year. Now the caveat to that is when you continue to see an increase in price, you have to get that price to the street, going to have to get to the wholesale level as well as retail level. However, inventories are in check and are in very good shape. And when you look at the first part of the year, I think they are going to see more turnarounds in the entire refining system and we very - some that are scheduled here in pad 2 earlier in the year than you would anticipate. And I think that again is going to put a very good balance underlying the refining system. Let me ask Mike to talk here about what he sees as far as OPEC supply coming into the market.
Gary Heminger: Doug, Happy New Year to you as well. I think we outlined it before that we see capital investment some new opportunities in refining, but the further advancement in retail and in our midstream space from an investment side, we've been very aggressive in capital return to shareholders in 2107. We accelerated our dividend from July now to early January here and a significant increase in our dividend. So we will continue that type of cadence as we see fit. We have great investment opportunities as well as we have great opportunities. And I think it's a good investment we all do here in returning capital to shareholders. So we will continue to stay on top of our game as we look to return of capital to shareholders.
Gary Heminger: Yes, Doug. We thought about those scenarios as well. One of the things that you have to look at in Europe and it is starting in the U.K. it's going to happen so other countries in Europe as well. But they're going to become more of a sponge for gasoline going forward. As you know it's always been historically that they pushed diesel into the marketplace and those benefits are have gone away. So I do think that you're going to see more demand for gasoline. And the other thing is our exports, if you look at the rate of change of exports from the Gulf Coast, gasoline is becoming more and more prominent in the exports was to Latin America, South America, West Africa or into Europe. So Europe is still predominantly diesel, but it's going to increase. So yes, we look at those scenarios and we will continue to watch those very carefully. But right now, I think we are not only speak for MPC, we are very, very well positioned for this IMO changes coming. And if gasoline continues to pick up that's why we're investing in further distribution of capabilities both in Galveston Bay and Garyville to be able to take bigger cargoes of gasoline.
