Roger Read: Well, thank you. Good morning and Gary, congratulations on, I mean, what's been a great run across the board here. I know bumpy at times, but what you've been able to do in terms of putting this company together, given how well the Q3 results turned out and all. And then I think, setting up a really interesting strategic move here at the end, it's pretty phenomenal. I want to just say congratulations on that front.
Roger Read: No. Definitely impressive there. And another thing, kind of thinking about when you made the acquisition of Andeavor, the view here on the refining side was that Marathon was a much better overall operator refining, at least here in the third quarter, that seemed to come through. So I was just sort of curious if you could kind of help us understand a much better quarter than peers, I would say, in terms of utilization, in terms of capture here. And how much of that is something that you would say is now part of the sustainable model versus – you have maintenance one quarter, you don't have another, that always has an impact on sort of top line performance. But op costs looked a lot better, and again, capture looked a lot better. Just kind of help us understand how that process worked through.
Roger Read: Okay. Great. And once again, Gary, congratulations. We're going to miss you and hope everything rolls out fine for you in a, what I'm sure, will be a glorious retirement. Thanks.
Roger Read: Well, we'll suffer that. I'm just kidding. We look forward to that, and we'll definitely enjoy watching you ride on out. 
Gary Heminger: Sure, Roger. And you're very astute in your thinking. As part of any integration process, and when we made this acquisition, it was evident as we try to bring these different business segments together and the operational components that we've talked often about the synergies. But as we go through month by month, though, working on the synergies, there's a much bigger picture that, of course, we've been looking at, and that is how do you take these assets, bring them together and how do you drive value beyond just one plus one? And so I'd say, going back, as Don commented and I commented in my remarks as well, if you go back to the early part of the year, that was just natural for us, working with the Board. Every Board meeting and in between Board meetings we would update our Board on how we were coming on a project that we call project uplift on looking at the various segments of our business and to determine the values. And we recognized, obviously, the widening of the market multiples within the retail class of trade, and we've been watching this for some time. But I think what's most important, and we recognized this very carefully in our due diligence process when we were looking at the acquisition of Andeavor that the retail component within Andeavor was set in many different modes and did not have a singular focus on how to drive value in that retail component. And we thought that, that was the first component that really made sense for us to combine the – into the Speedway brand quickly and then be able to drive synergies beyond that. And I think we are in a good way down the road in being able to accomplish that through Tony Kenney's, back when we first did the acquisition, and now Tim Griffith, carrying these synergies further, it just became evident and a compelling story that now is the time. You really look at it, Roger, since 2011, we took the EBITDA of Speedway from $381 million to about $1.5 billion, a tremendous story – tremendous execution story by all the members of Speedway.
Gary Heminger: Right. And I'll have Ray and Don go into a little more detail. I think what you're seeing is we've been asked many times by you and others, show us where the synergies are, where are the synergies showing up across the board? And I've said for the last couple of quarters, you just have to give us time. As we grow that through our integration, and you'll see that we will start to distance ourselves from the competition. That is showing up this quarter. I almost probably remiss after the first quarter and not stating, we had to go in and clean up a lot of refineries, particularly the old western refineries that needed some repair and integrity work completed, and we got that done. And so now I think that our refineries are going to be running very, very well. Let me ask Ray to go into some more of the details.
Gary Heminger: And Doug, the committee that's going to be led by Mike Stice, who you know has a significant amount of Midstream experience, and Frank Semple, again, a lot of midstream experience and some other members of our Board, will continue to work on – work with management, but they will really drive this to a conclusion. And our goal, of course, is to come to conclusion sooner rather than later.
Gary Heminger: Well, that was kind of a three-parter there, Paul. But anyway, let me turn it to Ray Brooks. Ray has a lot of good details of what we've done to invest in our refineries. We mentioned we have the Garyville coker expansion going on right now. So let me have Ray go into these components of your question.
Gary Heminger: And Paul we have the ability, we could run more Maya. But every day, we're looking at what drives the best and maximizes our profitability. And due to the way our refineries are set up, we find alternatives that are better. And Ray can give you some more detail.
Gary Heminger: Yes, so let me ask Dave Whikehart – and Brian Partee. Brian runs all of our marketing, and Dave runs all of our really IMO-related logistics and planning phase. So let me have them jump in here and give you some details.
Gary Heminger: Sure, Benny. I don't know if I call them hurdles, but obviously we have a lot of work to do. We'll have to prepare the Form-10. One of the biggest things as a long-term supply agreement with – between Speedway and MPC. MPC has supplied over eight billion gallons of supply into the Speedway network. As we've talked often the integrated value of having Speedway gives that assured volume back to the Refining side of the business. So, we'll put together a supply agreement to be able to capture that over time. We will go through different financing and credit ratings, reviews, negotiate some other commercial agreements around trucking, so on and so forth. But I think the biggest part done other than the Form-10, I think that's the biggest part from a preparation standpoint.
Gary Heminger: Yes and to the balance of your question in and around asset divestitures or whether that's on the Refining, Midstream or Speedway side. In fact Tim just closed or was just in the process of closing some small divestitures inside the Speedway of stores that fit in a Marathon-branded model going down the road. We continue to look at some Speedway – excuse me, in some midstream assets. Mike covered those in his comments earlier. We continue to look at those, but it's obvious in and around the G&P segments right now. Some of the G&P assets are not garnering the, what I would consider to be market value, full market value for those at this point in time. We continue to look at our refining system. We're very pleased with the footprint of our refining system. But as we go down the road here, we will look at what makes the most long-term strategic sense for us as well.
Gary Heminger: Right well, Neil there are still synergies. Of course, when you supply eight billion gallons of product to a company on a ratable basis, and I would say, the dis-synergy still is on the working capital side. But what we stated is that where we see the market multiples today and the tremendous growth that we've had within Speedway over the last few years. Just today, it fully dwarfs the value, the compelling value, dwarfs that synergy value as compared to the way we reviewed it a couple of years ago. So yes, we still – we'll have some dis-synergies. But again, I say it becomes a very compelling equation today as we looked at this business and feel that, that's the right thing to do. And with the supply agreement I talked about earlier, we have done a lot of work around the supply agreement, and we're confident that we will have a supply agreement that has to be good for both parties. The supply agreement, I would anticipate it to look a mirror image, basically, of how we've been supplying Speedway over the last couple of years. And I think that in and of itself, pretty much will encapsulate the synergies that we've talked about.
Ray Brooks: Roger, you kind of touched on the key drivers in your question. If I had to say two of them, they're high utilization and reliability of our assets during the quarter. We commented a year ago at the Analyst Day that reliability would be a key focus in our integration. If we go back to 2013 when we bought the Galveston Bay refinery, that was a key focus, and we're following that exact same game plan across all 16 refineries in our portfolio. Just to give you one example for the quarter, in the second quarter, we invested in a turnaround at the Los Angeles refinery in the cat and in the gas oil hydrotreater, but we just didn't do a turnaround. We invested in improving the reliability of the unit, and then we also invested, and we've talked about this in changing the catalyst formulation to give us better yields on the cat cracker and improve our gasoline production performance. That has worked out well for us, and into the third quarter, late in the third quarter, that really paid off handsomely for us.
Ray Brooks: Sure. I'll do Gary. Paul at our coastal refineries we have the ability – the capability to bring in high sulfur fuel oil into our facilities and run it through our cokers. And when I say capability, we have both the process capability, the coking and resid upgrading and then we also have the infrastructure, the ability to receive it. So just to give you a flavor for capability on the infrastructure across our four coastal refineries with resid destruction, we have 50,000 barrels a day of capacity to resid. Now what I don't want you to do is assume that we're going to do that and just back out crude. That will all depend on the relative economics of the resid stocks that are out there and available and then in what we can do alternatively running crude oil. Now this is something that we're not just looking at, we are actually doing some of this today. Gary talked in the macro about the coker spread currently is $38 a barrel. So we're taking some of our cut resid from our Anacortes refinery, we're running it down to Martinez, running it through the coker and backing out some crude. So, it's something we have the capability to do and we're doing it today. Primarily, though, we do that through our delayed cokers.
Ray Brooks: Yes Paul, as far as delayed coker and fluid cokers the yield pattern we would expect to be roughly similar. What I will tell you is we don't have any – we have totally delayed cokers at our facilities, we don't have any fluid cokers. Our Martinez refinery, going back a decade ago, they did, but they actually replaced it with delayed coker and not so much for any kind of yield improvement, but from a reliability standpoint. So that's our prime mechanism for resid destruction. At Galveston Bay, we actually – I think you know this, we have a resid hydrocracker that can run 70,000 barrels a day. But primarily we'll feed that through back resid from our crude slate. 
Ray Brooks: Yes, I just want to jump in here a little bit Paul. When we're looking at sourcing our crude, and I'm going to stick to the U.S. Gulf Coast where we have two powerhouse refineries in Galveston Bay and Garyville. We're not just looking at filling the coker, but we’re looking at filling the whole downstream suite of units. And specifically those two refineries we have a lot of reforming capacity, almost a quarter of our crude capacity is reforming at both Galveston Bay and Garyville. So we're looking for a crude slate that doesn't just fill the cokers, but it also fills the reformers. So we're looking at naphtha base – naphtha-rich crudes and resid-based crudes.
Ray Brooks: Sure. I'll start it off with the first few quarters of our integration, we were really focused at Martinez and Los Angeles on doing turnaround and project work, turnaround – cycle-ending turnarounds and also projects to improve our reliability. So the fourth quarter last year and the first two quarters of this year we had significant work and cost associated with that. In the third quarter we got to focus on running our assets, reaping the benefits of the reliability and the improvements that we made. So I really think that's what we're saying at Los Angeles and Martinez, we're seeing a good high utilization and reliability at both those facilities.
Doug Legate: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Gary, let me echo the congratulations that Roger laid out. I was kind of hoping you and I would get a chance to do another supermarket launch in the U.K., but I guess, we'll have to leave out for another time. But for all the things that have gone on with the company in the last little while, you've put it together. And whatever value at least people think are going to come out of it, it really comes down to the vision you had when you started this whole thing. So true congratulations, Gary. And again, wish you all the very best in retirement. And with that – go on, Gary. Sorry, go ahead.
Doug Legate: I appreciate that answer. I understand it's early days, but I wonder if I could just follow-up with a related question. Obviously, the Midstream business was established by some pretty significant drop-downs from the Refining business. And one could argue that, that cost base increase for Refining has potentially left it somewhat volatile as a stand-alone company if you did separate out the Midstream.  So I'm just curious if you could kind of address that issue directly. Is a potential buy-in of at least part of at least part of the legacy Refining assets on the table as one of the potential options? I'm just curious how you address that residual volatility of a stand-alone Refining business. And I'll leave it there. And again, Gary, many congratulations. 
Doug Legate: Understand. I appreciate the answers guys. Gary, if you're around for one more quarter, I hope to see you at our conference in New York in March. Good luck. Talk to you later.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys good morning. Let me add my congratulations to Gary, Greg and also Mike for your new appointment. Gary, I think I perhaps know you longer than most people. Still remember that back in 1997 when you set up the Ashland and Marathon joint venture. I don't think anyone could even remotely look back, say, at the time of the super refiner that we see today. So congratulations. And also that, thank you for all the years, all the help.
Paul Cheng: With that, maybe then I have two questions. One, Gary, in the post-IMO world, if the economic is there, how much is the high sulfur we see or the major components that you guys can run in your system as a feedstock in your coker or the mixing with oil for the distillation tower? And when you do that, is there any economic loss or efficiency loss that you expect? Or that you essentially will be able to just replace – displacing the heavy oil by running the recede? And what kind of ratio we may be talking about? Then I have a second part question.
Paul Cheng: Thank you very much. And congratulations to Gary, Greg and Mike. And Gary, if you are going to be in New York, please let me know I want to take you out from dinner. Thank you.
Don Templin: And I would say on the commercial side one of the things that we've been focused on is making sure that we, this is Don, that we maximize or optimize the system. And so a good example would be recently with the crack spreads and the economics on the West Coast have been very strong. And as we have historically supplied our growing Mexican – our growing Mexican needs from the West Coast. But we know we have the optionality and are executing on the optionality and are executing on the optionality to actually supply Mexico, the ARCO stations and the other supply that we're providing there from the Gulf Coast, so that we can optimize the realization in the California market – or West Coast market. So I think the combination of the Refining operations and the ability to have flexibility and optionality around the placement of our refined products we're really seeing some of the benefits that we anticipated that we would see and that were a driving force behind the combination.
Don Templin: And Manav so, to take my point further, we expect to grow synergies upwards of $300 million. And that's what the investment basically done. So, over the next 12 to, I'd say, 18 months, you're going to see a rapid growth in synergies with really no incremental investment, which will be a big help in organic growth for Speedway.
Don Templin: Well that's an important commercial – that's a important commercial arrangement. But then that will ultimately feed we want this to be obviously a tax free spin. And so that will likely feed a private letter ruling process that does take our experiences, it does take some time. So you'll need the fuel supply arrangement as an integral part of that process around the PLR.
Don Templin: Phil this is Don. I think we indicated in Gary's comments that we want to make sure that we position both companies spun Speedway and MPC, to be – that have optimal value following the separation. So we want to be able to position Speedway so that it can compete with the industry consolidators that are out there right now. So we want to make sure that they have capacity in their balance sheet to be able to do that. But we will also defend our investment grade credit profile at MPC. So, our expectation is there would be leverage on Speedway. We would pursue a capital structure that will allow them to have a high valuation in growth, that there would be a dividend from then Speedway up to MPC. And our expectations is that we would use that cash to either maintain or enhance our core liquidity and to pay down debt, so manage our leverage. So those are the things that we would expect around a transaction with the separation. But those are details, the market will continue to evolve over the next number of months, and those are details that we'll refine as we go through the process.
Don Templin: Yes Phil, this is Dawn again. Yes, I think there's enough moving pieces that it would be hard to sort of articulate a particular strategy. What I can say is that we have a track record we think of being very good capital allocators. We've invested in our business to grow our business, but we've also been an industry leader around return of capital to shareholders. We think that's an important tenant around being an investor in MPC. And so we would expect that that commitment would continue into the future.
