Mike Hennigan: Thanks, Kristina. Good morning, everyone. Beginning with our views on the macro environment, refining margins continued strong in the second quarter. Despite crack spreads incentivizing high refining utilization, product inventory levels remain low. Global capacity additions continue to progress slower than anticipated and we believe that global demand growth will remain strong. In the second half of the year, the refining outlook remains healthy. We expect year-over-year U.S. late product demand to grow consistent with what we saw in the first half of the year supported by lower energy prices and recovering air travel. This demand strength post tight inventories and receding economic headwinds are expected to continue to support elevated margins. And as we completed nearly four quarters of elevated turnaround activity early in the second quarter, we are expecting an increase in industry planned maintenance work by our peers in almost every region in which we operate. Overall, we believe an enhanced mid-cycle environment will continue in the U.S. due to relative advantages over international sources of supply, including energy costs, feedstock acquisition costs and refinery complexity. Now turning to our results. In the second quarter, we delivered strong results across our business. In Refining & Marketing, strong margins, cost discipline and sound commercial performance led to segment adjusted EBITDA of nearly $3.2 billion. Our Midstream segment delivered durable and growing earnings. This quarter, it generated segment adjusted EBITDA of $1.5 billion, which is up 5% year-over-year. MPLX remains a strategic part of MPC’s portfolio as it anticipates growing its cash flows and increasing distributions to unitholders. MPLX’s distribution MPC was $502 million this quarter, an annualized rate of over $2 billion, which fully covers MPC’s current dividend and half of our planned 2023 capital program, not including MPLX. During the second quarter, we have progressed key projects such as completing the STAR project at the Galveston Bay refinery. The competitive position of our Galveston Bay refinery is enhanced by the increased residual fuel and heavy crude processing as well as distillate recovery. We are well positioned with two premier 600,000 barrel per day refineries on the U.S. Gulf Coast with significant logistics and export capacity to support our global commercial strategy. At the Martinez Renewable Fuels facility, construction activities are progressing. Pre-treatment capabilities are starting to come online in the second half of 2023 and the facility is expected to be capable of producing its full capacity of 730 million gallons per year by the end of 2023. At that point, Martinez will be among the largest, most competitive renewable diesel facilities with a competitive operating profile, robust logistics flexibility and advantaged feedstock slate and a strategic relationship with Neste. On capital allocation, in the second quarter, we returned nearly $3.4 billion to MPC shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. And from May 2021 through the end of July, we have repurchased 264 million shares or approximately 40% of the shares outstanding. Moving to our sustainability efforts. In July, we published our 12th annual sustainability report and our 7th annual perspectives on climate scenarios report. Our perspectives on climate-related scenarios which aligns with TCFD standards, provides insights into how we see the energy landscape, our thoughts on climate-related risks and opportunities the resources we put towards addressing them and the results that we have achieved. Our sustainability report shows continued progress on goals that we have set for ourselves, our efforts to strengthen the resiliency of our operations and to innovate for the future. At this point, I’d like to turn the call over to Maryann.
Mike Hennigan: Thanks, Maryann. In summary, we will continue to invest capital to ensure the safe and reliable performance of our assets and where we believe there are attractive returns. Year-to-date, we’ve invested over $1.2 billion. Our focus on operational excellence and sustained commercial improvement will position us to capture this enhanced mid-cycle environment. MPLX remains a source of growth in our portfolio, distributing over $2 billion to MPC annually. And as MPLX continues to grow its free cash flow, we believe we’ll continue to have capacity to increase its cash contributions to MPC. We believe MPC is positioned as the refinery investment of choice with the strongest through-cycle cash flow generation and the ability to deliver superior returns to our shareholders. With that, let me turn the call back over to Kristina.
Mike Hennigan: Yes, good morning, Doug. Thanks for the question. I am going to let Rick give a little more detail, but I’ll start off with a couple of comments. One, we have made structural changes and have changed our commercial process quite a bit. With that said, I know yourself and a lot of the analysts like to look at that capture metric. I just want to always caution people that the metrics that I care more about is cash flow generation and earnings profitability. So I look at that much more than that capture metric, because I think there is pros and cons to it. But to your point, obviously, it has trended up and driven by a lot of the things that we have changed over the last couple of years. So I’ll let Rick give a little more detail.
Mike Hennigan: Let me just add a couple of comments to it. As I just said to your first question, the number one concentration is to generate cash. And then I am a believer that this business has both return on and return of capital as its requirements. So on the return on, we are investing capital to improve our earnings and grow our cash flows over time, but we are also committed to return of. So we used the word strict capital discipline. We set our programs such that we are going to be able to participate in both sides of that, because I am a big believer in both. We got to show the market that we can invest capital wisely to grow our earnings, and we also want to show the market that we’re returning capital to the owners. So that’s a program that we’ve been on for a while here a couple of years. We’re going to continue in that mode. And I just want to give you a little bit more flavor as to how we look at it, but it all starts with generating cash and then optimizing return on and return of.
Mike Hennigan: Manav, this is Mike. I just want to add. It’s just a little early in the year. We obviously have some insight as to what we’re planning to do in ‘24, but we will talk about that in subsequent quarters as opposed to now.
Mike Hennigan: Manav, it’s Mike. I just want to add that when we look at the project, we try and challenge ourselves as Brian said, without the advantaged feedstock to make sure we’re comfortable that we have a good project even in that conservative nature. And then obviously, the commercial teams are going to work very hard to optimize the feedstocks whether it’s to our other refineries or to the RD facilities. But we try and start out before we deploy that capital in such a way that we feel comfortable that we’ll have upside as we do better commercially on the feedstock side.
Mike Hennigan: Paul, it’s Mike. I’ll start on the first one, I’ll let Rick take the second one. Similar to Manuv’s question is – we’ll give a little more color on 2024 capital in the next couple of quarters. We do have some projects that we think will continue to optimize our portfolio and improve upon it. But like I said a few minutes ago, it’s a little early to talk about that capital at this point. So if you can just hold your thought, we’ll give a little bit more on the next quarter and start to give you a little bit more insight as to what we’re thinking in ‘24.
Mike Hennigan: Yes, Jason, it’s Mike. I’ll start, and then I’ll let Rick jump in. What I was saying in the prepared remarks is we as a company have gone through four quarters of pretty heavy turnaround. And so we’re later into the rest of the year, compared to what we see as the industry, and we’ll have to see how it plays out, but it looks like the industry has a lot more activity into the rest of the year. So that’s what I was trying to say as far as the difference between where we are and where we think the rest of the industry is.
Mike Hennigan: And Roger, it’s Mike. To your question, financially, you got to be thinking into ‘24. As Tim said, we are ramping, we are starting up. We are going to bring on the additional units and if all goes well, we will be on by the end of the year. So, you will start to see the financial performance more in ‘24 on a go-forward basis.
Mike Hennigan: And Roger, it’s Mike. The other thing and I know you know this already, but obviously, the refining assets cash flows are significantly higher than what’s happening in renewable diesel. I think the way you should think about that is, us looking at all our assets, and we talk about portfolio optimization to take two assets that we did not think would be competitive long-term and deserving of investing capital and it put them in a positive cash flow mode going forward, obviously, in a diesel mode as opposed to a crude mode. So, I think it’s more of a portfolio optimization realization compared to where we are on refining cash flows.
Mike Hennigan: Yes, Ryan, it’s Mike. I like the word energy evolution more than energy transition. I know a lot of people use energy transition, but I think it’s going to evolve over a longer period of time than most have written about. So we’re trying to be very thoughtful. We will using the word evolve. We will evolve the company over time. As you pointed out, 2 of our facilities now are renewable diesel. We made a small investment in an RNG facility. So Dave and his team are looking at all those opportunities. We talked on the call today about we’re active in some of the DOE hydrogen hubs, and we’ll see how that plays out over time. So think of us as going to be very thoughtful. We try to use the word strict capital discipline. We do want to invest as opportunities present themselves, but we are committed to getting solid returns. So overall, I’d say you’re just going to see us chip away at little activities over time and constantly evolve it to your point about, what are we going to look like in 10 years? And 10 years, 20 years or whatever Marathon has been around for 130 years. We plan to be around for 130 more. So we’ll evolve the company as the market dictates. And obviously, consumer preferences, regulatory impacts, all those things are going to drive what happens and we’ll be very attentive to it and we’ll look to deploy capital as we see the opportunities.
Rick Hessling: Yes, Doug, first off, very perceptive question. I think it’s a good call out and warranted. We do believe the structural change is something that’s going to stick. In fact, we continue to improve and we are never going to be done improving in this category. So it’s something that we focus on daily. So in giving you an answer, I think you will respect that I will have to be broad as to not give away what I would call true competitive advantages. But it’s all the buckets you’ve touched on, it’s optimization, it’s trading, it’s all of the above. And the best way I can say it, Doug, it’s a holistic change in our mindset on everything we do to optimize our assets around our size, our logistics system, our knowledge, our expertise, and it’s driving incremental value throughout our entire system from feedstocks to products. And there isn’t anyone in the company that’s not engaged. I mean I can’t say enough. Our goal is to be the best cash flow generator through cycle and this just isn’t a one-and-done exercise. This is the mindset that not only our commercial team, but our entire company is attacking everyday with.
Rick Hessling: Yes. Hi, Paul, it’s Rick. So on our throughput guidance for 3Q, you’re correct, it is lighter than 2Q, and we see that as an advantage, especially as a lot of our competitors have heavier turnaround work in 3Q. But with that being said, Paul, I think the one difference maybe that you’re not accounting for is the reformer outage. So when you factor that in, that’s really takes you to where we landed in our guidance, Paul. That’s really the only difference.
Rick Hessling: Hey, Sam, this is Rick. Just to tag on to what Brian was saying, as part of your question, the heavy light crude differentials. So – we do believe the bottom is in. We’re actually quite optimistic. We believe that spread will get wider point forward through the end of this year. And it’s really for a variety of reasons. You’ve got increased planned turnaround work specifically in PADD 2 and 3 that’s going to take some crude demand needs off the table. So that will cause some length. You’ve got the Canadian producers that have come out of their maintenance season, and they are running well. And then you’ve got incremental Gulf of Mexico and Venezuela production from Chevron clearing to the U.S. Gulf Coast. So when we look at the markers and specifically, Sam on heavy Canadian, it hit its low in around June at about a $10 discount. The current trade cycles got it at about a $14 discount. So it’s widened out even significantly here over the last 30 days. And we continue to see it widening out further when you look at the forward curve between now and the end of the year.
Rick Hessling: Yes. And then I’ll just tag on. In terms of global refining capacity, what we found, and it appears to continue to be true is over-promise and under-deliver. So generally speaking, I really don’t think it’s appropriate to give you specifics. But generally speaking, we’re seeing delays versus others throughout the world, meeting their projections of when that – when their utilization is going to come online. So, more of a general comment.
Rick Hessling: So there were six challenges to our land use permit. We prevailed on five of them. And the one is currently still being briefed with the court, and we anticipate a favorable outcome here in the upcoming months. So nothing projected to impact construction and/or operation.
Maryann Mannen: Hey, Doug. Good morning. Maryann. Thanks for the question. From a capital allocation framework perspective and hopefully, even from the comments that Mike and I have both made here this morning, we remain committed to superior returns and remain committed to our capital allocation as we have defined it. As it relates to the back – as you know, each quarter now, we are trying to look as best as we can. We take a series of things into consideration. We look at market. We look at our cash flows and we try to do the best job we possibly can to maximize our ability to perform in a given quarter, as you have seen $3.1 billion in the quarter. When you look from month to month, you see that visibility as you get our quarterly documents, you see a bit of variability there. But again, we remain committed. We think share repurchase is a very efficient return of capital. As it relates to the dividend, again, an important part of our capital allocation framework, as we have shared in the past, we remain committed to that. We want it to be sustainable. We certainly want to be competitive and the opportunity to grow that as well. I hope that answers your question.
Maryann Mannen: Again, Doug, we try to be as opportunistic as possible as we can in the quarter. So we hope that that’s the – what you are seeing from our approach to that. So yes, we continue to buyback stock as you have seen.
Maryann Mannen: Neil, thanks for the question. It’s Maryann. So as I mentioned, hopefully, you see that we’ve got a couple of criteria for the dividend obviously, yield only being one of them, sustainability of that and obviously, the potential to grow. So as we’ve committed, we will be back next quarter with our intentions to share with you our plans for the dividend. So next quarter, consistent with our approach from last year as well. I hope that answers your question.
Maryann Mannen: It’s Maryann and thanks for the question. I think you characterized it well. As we shared with you, STAR is largely behind us. And as you heard from our comments as well, Martinez on its way to be with this next phase up and running by the end of the quarter. As you know, we’re a bit early to give 2024 guidance. We will get a little bit closer to that and give you some more color we intend to give you, as we have in prior quarters, to look at what we would be contemplating spending in refining as well as our low-carbon initiatives as well. But I think you stated it well. We haven’t talked about any significant major projects here to for. Hope that helps.
Maryann Mannen: Hey, Paul, it’s Maryann. Let me try to provide incremental color into all the commentary that Rick has given you. So you’re right, in the second quarter, the reformer was down from May 15 to the end of the quarter. For purposes of guidance in this quarter, what we have assumed is we would not be operational at all. So it’s about 75,000 a day, when we talk about the impact last quarter, it was about 1%. If you look at the impact, just strictly in the U.S. Gulf Coast from the absence of that particular unit not operating, it’s about a 7% reduction quarter-over-quarter in U.S. Gulf Coast, and that’s about a 3% overall to the whole system. So hopefully, that’s helpful to you.
Maryann Mannen: Thanks for the question, Roger. As you said, as it relates to Dickinson first, we have been operating for about 2 years and consistent with the way we have expected profitability there. Although some of the moving parts are different, we continue to see the performance of that consistent with what we thought. Mike just shared with you when we should expect to see real contribution from Martinez. So, we will evaluate both Dickinson and Martinez in terms of their total contribution. As you know, we have said for 2023, we are not planning to break that out. But we will come back to you as we continue to move along our path of profitability for both Dickinson and Martinez.
Maryann Mannen: Hey John, it’s Maryann. Yes, thanks for that. So, as we stated, the $53 million that I called out for you is related to prior periods. It’s a good news story. We were successful on a resolution of an item that has prior period benefit, and it will have some, but all bet smaller benefit going forward. And that’s about $0.13 in the quarter. As you have stated, typically the biggest mover on our rate is the relationship between our midstream business and our refining business. But from time-to-time, we could also have discrete items. Those items could be positive or negative. And in some cases, they are positive. But as you stated, the typical driver there, when you look at our Federal rate and the State tax rate would be that relationship.
Maryann Mannen: One of the things that you have said when you look at that rate, it’s a little bit lower than average. I think you are probably coming to around a 20% ZIP code in the quarter. As you have seen from last year, we have run about 22%. So, there is a range there, but certainly, 20% is at the lower end of that when you look at the relationships between refining and midstream today.
Maryann Mannen: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ryan. It’s Maryann. Let me try to give you a little bit of color. When you look at Q1 to Q2 performance, keep in mind in the U.S. Gulf Coast, as you stated, we were under turnaround in the first quarter and obviously ramping up. So, you saw the benefits of that, obviously, in the second quarter despite the fact that we did have the reformer down for just a portion of the month. As I was commenting on, it’s only about a 1% impact for the second quarter that will get a little bit larger, as I shared, given the fact that we are assuming it to be down. I think the other thing to keep in mind is typically when we look at cost in the quarter, when we are doing heavy turnarounds, as we did in the first quarter, we are typically doing other maintenance work and that was much lighter in the second quarter as well. As it relates to STAR, as you know, we were ramping up our comments as we have been sharing STAR was ramping up through the second quarter. So, minimal impact with respect to STAR, but you will begin to see that now as we have reached the completion of that project.
Brian Partee: Neil, good morning. This is Brian. Yes, let me first comment on the demand side of the equation because we are seeing the demand side of the equation really lead the crack. So on gasoline in the quarter, our system was up. And when I say our system, it’s really our entire marketing book was up 4% year-on-year versus an EIA call of about 2%. This most recent week, we see continued strength. We were up 7% last week on the gasoline pool. So we continue to see the strength, which is very encouraging as we enter the back half of the driving season here. And the West Coast has been an outsized performer, 5% on the quarter, 8% last week. And then looking at diesel, it’s been largely flat. EIA has got a call for the quarter of up about 1%. And of course, I think everybody has pretty dialed into Jet. We had a 9% increase on the quarter. For jet fuel demand year-on-year versus EIA of about 3%. And just real quick on the crack. I would say that the big story here over the last 30 to 60 days has been the distillate. So I mean, our view is distillate really ran up late last year, obviously, with the situation in Ukraine, uncertainty around sanctions in the first part of this year over in the EU. And now we have a lot more certainty. So the market came off pretty precipitously since the beginning of the year, and now we’re seeing it recover to a more fundamental level.
Brian Partee: Yes, Manav, this is Brian. Certainly, you got it pretty dead on there in terms of the strategy and the strategic relationship we have with Neste. Just a couple of things to mention around your question, though, that we are on start-up diet here. So as mentioned, we’ve got our pretreatment facility coming online and really full horsepower of this facility really enters in the back half of this year, but we’re quite confident in our ability with our relationship with Neste that really is looking beyond just Martinez. This is just the beginning of our relationship. But one point of view that I will share with you, not Martina specific, but to give just a little bit of perspective, we just exited July with our operation up in Dickinson, and we ran a 74% advantaged feed slate out of our facility up in Dickinson. And its start-up design was very similar to Martinez. So hopefully, that frames things up for you a little bit better of what to expect when we get Martinez up to full rate later this year.
Brian Partee: Hey, Sam. Good to hear from you. Yes, absolutely. We are seeing things played out as we expected. I mentioned it earlier. I think the big thing with the Russian situation was the uncertainty, and I think the market has become much more certain today for all of us in terms of really limited friction on Russian distillate barrels hitting the world market. We have seen a little bit of market share exchange, deeper penetration of Russian barrels into Latin America, notably Brazil, an exchange share for the U.S. system into Europe. So we’re seeing here in the last couple of months, almost 300,000 barrels a day of distillate exports to backfill the European market. And what we’re hearing from customers over in Europe is really energy security. No surprise is a big driving factor for them. So with our team over in London right now, operating really, really strong, we are finding really good traction for our book over into Europe. But to your broader question on demand, the export market has been very stable and strong for many cycles now and continues to be our outlook going forward, the case on both gasoline and distillate.
Brian Partee: Yes, Sam, this is Brian. A couple of data points on that. So if you look at the heavy sulfur distillate spread. Of course, we swung real, real low last year. And of course, the system was in max distillate mode. So we were producing we, the whole entire refining complex is producing as much diesel as possible, which generated more high sulfur distillate, which outran hydrotreating capacity by and large, as we’ve come off of MAX diesel mode, and we’ve been in gasoline mode here as a system this summer. We’ve seen that retrench. So more of a traditional relationship. So I think the factor to look at is really, are we in MAX gas or MAX diesel load. Some of the things you mentioned are nominally impactful. But if you’re looking specifically at the Gulf Coast, the one kind of watch out is it’s a very thinly traded market, so it can move quite dramatically up or down depending on what’s occurring in the system.
Brian Partee: Theresa, good morning. This is Brian. Yes, so we have been very actively involved with CARB on the valuation of the reset. We remain optimistic. We believe CARB foundationally wants to find a way to support the program. Obviously, LCFS prices have come off fairly precipitously over the last couple of years as RD has penetrated. So, we are expecting support for the market. But note, LCFS is the smallest variable in our overall value equation. So, it’s not been a big needle mover, but we do think it’s important going forward to underpin the profitability on the RD space. In addition, obviously, we are looking at markets beyond California. So, as LCFS prices come down in California, there is other state-level programs on the West Coast and beyond that we are finding opportunities to penetrate with our RD market position.
Brian Partee: Yes. Matthew, this is Brian. Yes, it’s a great question. Clearly, overdone. It’s recovered fully. The unique nature of the Chicago Complex is the marker is in the far west side of Chicago, which from time-to-time can get pretty volatile. And I think really, that’s what we saw from a trade basis over on the west side of Chicago, but it’s recovered quite nicely here as we have trended out of that period of time. And we remain optimistic that we are in a good position as we head into the harvest season here in the Midwest where we expect to see distillate strength.
Brian Partee: Yes, Matthew, this is Brian. On the prop basis, no problems clearing the barrels. But yes, you are on point there. As RD penetrates the California market, it’s a one-for-one relationship. It’s fairly balanced. I will say the West Coast system as a whole, that our expectation and planning horizon does include the ability to make sure that we can export barrels beyond the U.S. In addition, obviously, jet is very, very strong right now. So, if you look at the yield structure in terms of how we are running the refineries, we are working really, really hard to make sure that we are maximizing jet fuel at the cost of the distillate side of the book.
