Jon Gray: So, Craig, I would say the key reason it's grown, echoing what Steve was saying in his remarks, is performance drives inflows. So, this vehicle, if you look in our filing, has delivered 19% net since inception five years ago, really remarkable for a fund that had a much lower targeted return, and so that's obviously attractive. I do think you hit on a key element, which is the inflation protected nature of hard assets, particularly in this portfolio. What it owns in transportation infrastructure, an area we went very long post pandemic, investing in Atlantia in Europe, the Autostrade in Europe, Signature Aviation here in the United States. That has been very positive for this fund, are pushing digital infrastructure, data centers and towers, where there's really strong underlying demand. And then energy and energy transition, of course, given what's going on. And so, it really has a really exceptional portfolio that investors find attractive in an inflationary environment. It's delivered very good performance. And in general, I would say our customers are under allocated to infrastructure and want to hold more here. And so, I think, it's one of the things that everybody has been so caught up on one product flows. Meanwhile, here's a product that didn't exist five years ago, has $35 billion of AUM, grew 53%, is delivering phenomenal performance, and I think we'll grow to be much, much larger than it is today. Specifically, you talked about private wealth. It's not really a product so far that we've tapped into the private wealth channel on. And then, as it relates to our partners at PIF, yes, they are still matching us up to a certain size under our agreement. We also in the number have some co-investments. So there's still some additional capital. But I would just say, the response from investors broadly here has been extraordinary. And what we've built from scratch, what Sean Klimczak, who runs that business has done, is truly exceptional, and we're really proud of this business and have a lot of optimism about the future.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Glenn. I think what's fascinating is, when we talk to our clients, their experience versus the media narrative. So what we've heard from our clients is, they're quite pleased. They're quite pleased that they invested in a product that has produced 3 times the rate of return as the public REIT market. So they look at what's happened here is positive. Our clients and financial advisers understand that this was a semi-liquid product, that the basic trade-off was to trade some liquidity here for higher returns and that there were always, from day one, six plus years ago, limitations on liquidity. Now, there may be a small subset who've expressed some unhappiness. But frankly, the vast, vast majority of our customers are quite happy. And so we think about this, like a great restaurant that serves food, the weather outside is bad and the markets are tough back to Steve's comments. There are not quite as many people showing up right now, but the food is still really good. And we think as the world reverts, as we work through the backlog of redemptions, we're going to continue – we will see flows return. And by the way, we saw in 2020 a cessation of flows. You can look at products like this over time. People are just taking a snapshot of today, and they're focused on the flows. What I find fascinating was yesterday, we posted our 8-K saying that, same-store estimated NOI for BREIT was 13% for the full year, which is extraordinary for a portfolio of this size. No one covers that. What they're focused on is what the flows are next week. To us, what matters is delivering customer. So I do believe, fundamentally, as we get through this challenging period, people will come back to these products. I think as you talk about liquidity, could there be tweaks to these different products over time on the liquidity features, BCRED, for instance, does quarterly versus monthly. We're not changing anything today, but certainly, people are going to look at these. But at the end of the day, the product has delivered as designed. It's delivered strong performance. It's delivered on the liquidity promises it had, the media has created a different narrative, but the customers are fundamentally happy. That's why I believe as the world normalizes, we will again begin to see flows.
Jon Gray: So, I think there is still enormous opportunity in the alternative space. When you look at it aggregately, it's roughly $10 trillion industry. We're about 10% of the industry. That compares to stocks and bonds over $200 trillion. If you throw in commercial real estate, residential real estate, other things, you can get up to $300 trillion. So I think there's a lot of room to grow, Mike. And I think where the most growth will happen as you've seen, if you think about sort of investments as a pyramid. At the very top are the highest returning strategies there, we've obviously done a great job in private equity, real estate, private equity growth, life sciences, but what we're seeing is a lot of growth in strategies where the return profiles are not as high longer duration strategies. We think about private credit is a huge area of opportunity, because investors, be it insurance companies or individual investors or institutions realizing now that they can lend directly to borrowers with help from somebody like Blackstone. That is a very, very big market, and we today are still a very small percentage of that. Specifically, we've talked a lot about insurance, but an industry where people are really now focused on performance and the incremental return that comes from originating private credit, we have this unique platform today that enables us to serve now four major clients. I don't see any reason why that platform cannot continue to grow. And as we have more scale, we can generate even more favorable returns. Infrastructure, which we just touched on, I think, there's a global opportunity. We started initially in the US that can certainly be a bigger global opportunity. I would say Asia, which I'm going to in a couple of weeks, in real estate, in private equity across the board, I think that's an area where there's a lot of growth. And just credit and yield products generally are attractive for us. And the secondaries market, which you've seen, which benefits from the rise of the alternative space can grow. So when we look out across our business, we still see lots of engines of growth. Even core plus real estate, we're still a tiny fraction of that market. And so, what we have, which is a great sort of special sauce of the firm, these wonderful people, but these relationships we've built up. So if you look at what's happened with Cal Regents, $4.5 billion committed in a short period of time, the transaction we did with Nippon Life that I referenced. We have a number of big investors who are looking at $1 billion plus commitments to various vehicles and funds. We've just got a lot of goodwill. And the key for us is to find the right talent to pursue some of these strategies and then scale it up. So again, our optimism remains high. And what's interesting versus the last really sharp down cycle in 2008, 2009 is clients are actually talking about increasing their allocation to alternatives, something that's very different than the sentiment back then, because investors continue to see the differentiated performance.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Ken. A few things. We haven't really heard much from our clients in the institutional world around BPP, vis-à-vis BREIT and the Cal Regents investment. I think there's a different dynamic, given the different liquidity profile in BPP, where investors recognize you need new inflows in order to get redemptions done. In terms of the outlook, what tends to happen in these open-ended vehicles during periods of market dislocation is, you do see a deceleration of flows. People want to sort of wait and watch. Capital allocation is more constrained. And you will see, in this area, a slowdown. By the way, it's happened in the past in the early 2000s in open-ended institutional real estate funds. It's happened in the 2008, 2009 period. And then as you come out of this, clients want to get invested in the fact that these funds can deploy the capital quickly into existing portfolios is attractive. But I would guess, in the near term here, this area won't grow as quickly as other parts of the firm, like infrastructure we were talking about. In terms of large-scale recapitalizations, creating more perpetual vehicles, I think that's an opportunity over time. We do it on a very selective basis. We're focused on maximizing returns for our customers. We have a number of these mild way, BioMed, Logicor, which is another large logistics platform. We have some smaller vehicles. Interestingly, BPP at $73 billion is made up of more than 30 different entities. So there's a lot of diversity in the customer base and the asset class here – and it's an area that we think can grow quite significantly over time. But in the near term, I think the growth will be a little more muted.
Jon Gray: We think there's a lot of opportunity in both the US and Europe on direct lending with institutional clients. You rightfully pointed out obviously BCRED has been quite successful in that space, serving the individual investors. Some of this is in the insurance clients, but institutional clients see the same thing. If you look at a transaction we did in private equity, with Emerson, their climate technology business, we borrowed there about one-third loan to value and the spreads were 60-plus over. And if you think about where base rates are and upfront fees, that is a very attractive return. And so institutional clients, large pension funds and sovereign wealth funds are seeing this, we have a number of SMAs. It is an area that we would like to and plan to grow over time. And I think that will be another feature. I think that's why this sort of direct lending capability, which has multiple ways to access capital can grow to be much larger than it is today.
Jon Gray: Okay. A bunch of questions here. I guess I'd start by saying, we endured for a number of months of really negative press, as you know. And so, rebuilding momentum takes time. I think the good news is, if you talk with our distribution partners, financial advisers, underlying customers, the tone of those conversations has improved. There were a lot of concerns, many of which we saw as unfounded that needed to be addressed and the capital coming in from Cal Regents, $4 billion originally, another $500 million yesterday. It says a lot. It's a real affirmation. There's been a lot of discussion about that capital. But when you really look at what Cal Regents did, it was a subsidy we provided, Blackstone, not BREIT on the downside of about 4% annually. And so, unless BREIT performs for them, then they don't get the 11.25% that they're hoping to achieve. And that affirmation of the quality of the portfolio and the valuation of the portfolio was very important for outside investors and for our individual private wealth customers and their financial advisers. In terms of, would we do more of this? We've had some people reach out. There's a limit to the number of units we own. And we'll just wait and see, but we have had some folks reach out. We'll see what happens on that front. But we really like this transaction because, obviously, it gave a lot of valuable capital to BREIT. It gives -- from a Blackstone perspective, we think the product can really perform as we talked about previously. We just need to achieve an 8.7% return well below the product's historical returns in order to generate incremental gain. And then above 11.25%, we get even more in terms of incentive fee sharing. So we look at this as a transaction that makes a lot of sense for us, certainly very helpful for BREIT, particularly the duration of the capital, but we'll wait and see what happens in terms of more. On BCRED, and then I should answer, I guess, specifically on your question on timing, I'd say, the other positive sign out there, besides improved tone, is the majority of the redemptions we're seeing in January, it's still early, are coming from November and December unfulfilled requests. So that, to us, is encouraging. But because those are outstanding and because some investors now are making larger requests than they actually want to achieve, because they expect to be cut back, we expect here in January, we will see an uplift in redemptions. But then, to your point, we think over time, we'll be able to work down this backlog. Predicting the timing of that is not easy. I think, continued strong performance from us is obviously important, continued confidence from the investment community and rebuilding that momentum. So at this point, I wouldn't put a time line on it, but I would say I think the investment from Cal Regents was really important in terms of psychological confidence, but we're going to have to wait and see how this plays out. But we feel, what gives us our underlying confidence is what's happening in BREIT. The fact that, in November, rents in the portfolio were up 10%, the fact that the rents in place are 20% below market. And in our major sectors, rental housing and logistics in Q4, we saw almost a 30% decline in new permits or starts and now the 10-year treasury, which has been a real headwind on cap rates has come back down. So, that makes us feel better about the outlook. And that will be key, I think, to get more investors moving in our direction. On BCRED specifically, there we have continued to have positive net flows. The dynamic is a little different. There's less negativity around real estate. There's obviously the headwind on these vehicles -- Oh, sorry, less than around credit. Thank you for the correction. There's less pressure, negative press around the credit space there's a benefit from rising rates. And there, we -- again, we've positioned the portfolio 100% floating rate, 98% senior secured and the products yielding north of 10%, which should go higher as the Fed raises rates. So, I think the dynamic there is more positive. And again, I think performance will drive flows.
Jon Gray: Well, what anchors the secondaries business is that growth in alternatives we've talked about. We just continue to see that industry grow our industry grow it has been now for 30-plus years, and we don't see that slowing down. And of course, investors at times will want liquidity. Today, about 1% of the industry trades, that's why there tend to be sizable discounts when you're investing in secondaries. What we've seen growth and, of course, is in the private equity space, but we also have funds dedicated to real estate and infrastructure. And as you pointed out, GP continuation, which is very popular now where general partners like an asset or company they own, bring in outside investors, and may invest from their new funds as well. And that scenario that we think can grow quite a bit. So, it feels to us like this is a business that's sort of coming into its own that the industry can grow to be much larger than it is because of the need for liquidity and the growth in underlying alternatives. I do think the deal side will be a bit slow here as buyers and sellers have to find equilibrium. But I'm with you, Alex, that in the back half of the year, I would expect we'll see a big pickup in activity. And our scale is a real competitive advantage because we can -- we're investing in 4,000-plus funds across all the geographies all the segments, and that gives us the ability to be a one-stop shop for the customer. So, it's another area where there should be real growth over time. This has now grown to be nearly a $70 billion business. Though by itself, it would be quite large. It just happens to be inside the Blackstone.
Jon Gray: Well, thanks. I'm not sure we put sort of specific times. What we really focus on is sort of the vintage of funds we're raising. And as we said and you pointed out, we had a $150 billion target that we've been talking about now for more than a year. The good news is we're at $100 billion, so we're two-thirds of the way through this. Obviously, large fundraises and secondary’s, opportunistic global real estate, Asian real estate. We've made a lot of progress on our private equity fundraising. In the balance of the $50 billion, we're talking about raising a new BREIT 5 real estate debt fifth fund, which will be a meaningful chunk. We also said, we're going to kick off this quarter, our seventh European opportunistic real estate fund €9.5 billion of third-party capital last time, and we're going to target a similar size again. And then we have more to get raised in green energy, both credit and equity. We have some smaller DSP funds that are going to work their way through the system. And then we will launch at some point in 2023, the next vintage of our Life Science business. So we've got a bunch going out there. And the good news, I think, for us is we obviously are large in the US institutional community, but we're big in Canada. We're big in Europe, the Middle East, Asia. And as you know, we've got insurance clients, individual investors and obviously, our institutional clients. Interestingly, everybody is focused on the semi liquids. But if you looked in the fourth quarter, in the drawdown funds, we raised, I think, $3 billion roughly across breadth in BXG, our growth fund in some other areas from individual investors in our drawdown funds. And so that is just another tool we have in our toolkit to help us raise this capital. So we feel good about it, but I certainly would acknowledge it is a tougher environment than when we started.
Jon Gray: Yeah. So on BPP, as we talked about, it's $73 billion. It's made up of a lot of vehicles. The majority, I believe, of which are today not open on redemptions. We have in aggregate. I think the number is about 7% outstanding redemption requests across that entire platform. But importantly, as we talked about earlier, institutional investors understand that liquidity comes from new inflows. And that's very different than the expectations in the private wealth channel. And so I think that's why it's just a different dynamic. And the short answer is, yes, I talked about it earlier in this kind of environment for a variety of reasons we expect we'll see less in the way of flows in some of these vehicles. They're not all the same. There may be more interest, for instance, in Core+ Asia real estate than maybe other geographies or other sectors. But this is an area, as I said, I expect the growth, the net growth in the near-term will be far more muted. But because if you look at it aggregately, where we position the portfolio, we feel quite good. So if you look at this in BPP, we've got something like – I think we've delivered 11% net across this platform over time. When you look at life science office buildings, logistics, residential, that's something like 70% of that portfolio. And so I think that, again, will be the key determinant. But right now, there are some near-term headwinds in that space.
Jon Gray: I would say this; the desire for our alternatives remains very strong. Here in the US, New York State, the legislature actually increased the allocation for the big three pension funds here by roughly one-third. You've heard some other CIOs publicly talk about wanting to increase allocation to alternatives I was in Europe a couple of weeks ago meeting with some large insurance companies and institutional investors. They wanted more in alternatives. There are some constraints today certainly related to over allocation in the PE area, specifically with US clients. There are some currency headwinds that's made it a little harder for overseas investors. And I would say there is a little bit of a shift. I think private credit is considered more attractive today. And so we see a lot of people moving in that direction. Infrastructure that we talked about earlier is considered quite attractive, secondary. And I would say opportunistic real estate, we've had a very good response both to our global fund, of course, and I expect we'll do fine with our European product as well. So I think these things tend to ebb and flow, but the overall path of travel is towards more alternatives, and that's obviously positive for the industry and positive for us.
Jon Gray: Well, for the retail products, I think this is one of the reasons why getting this large slug of institutional capital was helpful. It gives us the potential to start doing that. Obviously, the activity levels, though overall will be related to flows. There's a correlation, of course, if we get new flows, net flows into BREIT and BCRED. And we think it is a good time, because you can buy assets, in some cases, at attractive prices because of the dislocation. So I think that's how we see the world today, and that's why over time, as we think capital comes back here, that will allow us in these private wealth channels to deploy more capital, that would be a very favorable thing.
