Michael Chae: Hey, Bill, it’s Michael. I think, your math on how you -- or the outlook over the next year and a half or two is generally I think is the right thinking and dovetails with some of the statements I made. In terms of the economics of the new capital, we basically think it’s a stable picture that we are not experiencing fee pressures we talked about before in these flagship funds, our dynamics with our clients are terrific, nor are we really looking to change things fundamentally around those arrangements with our LPs. So, I think you can expect from that standpoint a stable picture. And in terms of margins, look, I’d say overall in terms of the contribution and economics of what these new platforms will do for us, it’s obviously very positive I think from the perspective of all financial metrics.
Michael Chae: Yes. I mentioned where we are in the moment from an FRE standpoint and the resumption of historical growth, I think we do see build and in 2019 a return to historical or better FRE growth levels in the area of the strong double digits.
Michael Chae: Hey, Alex, this is Michael. If you are thinking about fees for marking sort of the path to that number in the early part of next year, in the credit -- in real estate we've obviously talked about the launch of BREP global fund and we expect to focus on BREP Europe shortly thereafter. In the core plus area that has been moving along at a terrific pace as you know. We've been raising money at about a $8 billion to $10 billion a year clip with things like BREIT only expanding, I mentioned the fourth BPP platform being launched in second half of this year. So we certainly expect to sustain that pace. I mentioned the VIII SP global buyout funds that launch has happened and we have high expectations for how that will go and of course the private equity fund that I mentioned. And in the credit area multiple products, the energy fund, which is ongoing, Europe direct lending, which will launch shortly as well as the direct lending initiatives, which we've talked a lot about and we're ready to think of that now, so multiple, multiple strategies, diversity strategy and obviously scale.
Jonathan Gray: So I’d say to date it's definitely been, probably more market focus. The China market has traded of the most, but global markets have been choppier clearly as a result of this. On the ground we've not seen a lot of impact. As you know tariffs have just begun to be put in place. As it relates to Blackstone, specifically the good news is most of our portfolio companies are focused domestically in their home markets be it in the U.S., Europe or Asia or service-oriented businesses. The number of companies we have in the global supply chain and we do have some who are exporters is fairly limited. And as I said, to-date we haven't seen much of an impact. What’s been a bigger impact of course is the strength of the U.S. economy, which has been surprising everyone, including us. And that’s really been the dominant theme on the ground. So over time, of course, if this escalates, is protracted, spills into the broader economy, it could have a broader impact and we’re obviously watching that. But in -- but we're hopeful, as Steve said, these things will get resolved, they may not get all resolved at the same time with the various participants, but as it looks today on the ground and with our portfolio, it's relatively limited impact.
Jonathan Gray: Growth statistics. What I would say is if you look at our overall private equity portfolio in the first half of the year, we’re seeing EBITDA running, call it about 10% up, sort of since the start of the year. And probably more importantly, looking forward when you talk to our CEOs and we survey them their optimism is as high as it’s been. And I think that bodes well of course because CEOs are thinking about CapEx and hiring and so forth. We saw that in the hiring numbers in the U.S. up 17% year-to-date. So I think the forward outlook at least on the ground in the U.S. it feels pretty good and frankly globally there seems to be a fair amount of confidence, obviously, that can change.
Jonathan Gray: Hey, Craig. It's Jon. As Michael pointed out, this is obviously a big decision for us. And one, we can only make only one time. And its meaningful implications on the tax side to our shareholders and so we’re going to be really thoughtful and deliberate as we pointed out. Things we’re looking at are obviously our facts and circumstances, tax, and otherwise, as we look at other market participants, it's index inclusion, it's mutual fund ownership and its stock price performance. And as Michael said, we’ve got the benefit of watching some others and this is obviously a significant issue and we’re going to be try to be as thoughtful as possible before we make a decision.
Jonathan Gray: So I’ll start with the second question. It’s really hard to know where capital is going to be deployed over time. Because for us we sort of based on where the best opportunities are where we see compelling value that’s where we’ll deploy, so I think going forward it's hard to say. Why are you seeing significant deployment from us globally? In some cases, real estate is a good example, it’s probably a more attractive risk return profile today as we set because there's still some legacy distress in places like Spain. Interest rates are likely to stay, I think, lower for longer there. And so we've been leaning forward. In other sectors like private credit, I would also say Europe today there is a little less competition and so we have been active there as well. Asia where we just raised new funds in real estate and private equity is a big part of the world growing faster than the rest of the world significantly faster. And we've been taking advantage of that across the region Australia, China, Japan. I think India in particular, given what's happening in IT services and business processing has been a very positive theme for us both in private equity and real estate where we've been a big buyer of office building. So I think it again speaks to what Steve and Michael were talking about just the strength of this global platform. If you look back at our business 10 to 15 years ago, it was much more domestically focused with a little bit in Europe. And today if one market gets tougher, we can deploy elsewhere just like we can in other sectors. So I think we're in different stages in valuation cycles in different countries around the world. And those things can change relatively quickly. I would say, however, on the U.S. Ryan, as I mentioned earlier, growth here in the U.S. is pretty good, which is a positive as we look at deployment going forward. The challenge, of course, rising interest rates and inflation.
Jonathan Gray: So I would say that there is some opportunity in that space given the fact that worthy intersection of so many different businesses assets, different parts of the capital structure. So on the one hand, I do think we can do more there. On the other hand, I think everybody on this call knows we've been reluctant to be investing balance sheet. We like our capital-light approach in what we do in our funds. We have a very modest amount of capital generally deployed and we are focused on using our people and platform in order to raise capital. And so to the extent we can grow our capital markets business without deployment of a lot of capital. I think that's an opportunity. But if it's going to mean putting up a lot of risk, I think we're going to be reluctant to do that.
Jonathan Gray: Mike, look, I think all of the sort of the stats are obviously positive around the pipeline, around the growth and the receivable. The receivable is -- in terms of the carrier receivable. It’s maturing in terms of kind of the average hold, which is always a good leading indicator of monetizations. And our DE in the second quarter was higher than the first quarter and entered the third quarter with the pipeline I mentioned. So we tend to look -- we view best ability near term around the stuff and we like that outlook. We would hesitate to look far in the future but again we’re in good position in terms of the basic situation of value in the ground, value seasoning and the ability to get better over time and momentum -- operating momentum of the assets. Yes.
Jonathan Gray: Sure. So just to clarify we did at $4.6 billion at the end of the quarter. Shortly after the end of the quarter we got to $5 billion. That includes the matching from our anchored investor. And as we said what we’ve built here now over the last six months is a terrific team of people both of existing Blackstone people and some outside folks. In terms of the pipeline, nothing we can say directly just that we’re actively working. Now it's hard to invest when you don't have capital. Once you have a closed fund, its game on at that point. And so we’re starting to look at things, specifically, there are sectors like the midstream space where reading in the papers, obviously, volumes are growing, particularly coming out of places like the Permian, and there’s need for midstream assets, infrastructure there, but we’re looking across the landscape, telecom infrastructure, water, renewables and obviously some public-to-private partnerships as well and more traditional infrastructure. So this is a business that we think we’re really well positioned in because of the need for large amounts of capital, we’re good in build the scale business. It’s in and open-ended structure, which I think sometimes hard for some of the folks in the media follow because it's different than our traditional; you raise all the money upfront. This gets raised over time. The best model for this is what we did in core real estate where we started with the $1 billion in these open-ended structures and are now over $30 billion today. So we feel really good about the start we’ve got, the matching funds we've got and the investment outlook, but now it's time for us to execute.
Jonathan Gray: So in terms of infrastructure, just as a reminder again, we said that that's an objective overtime to get to the $40 billion when we still expect to but that’s not something we are saying will happen in such a short period of time. This is a business we're going to build overtime where we have to deploy the capital. And as we do that we'll continue to raise money. So people I think have focused on that announcement and may be extrapolated too quickly, we're going to get there. But this will be like other business, take a number of years for that to happen. Michael can comment on what's embedded, but I don't think there's anything some sort of huge change in insurance embedded in our numbers. We do have a tendency to find things overtime that are large and interesting like we did with fidelity guarantee or we did with the logic core transaction in real estate. But nothing I think is embedded in our assumptions there. In terms of timing, we're going to launch very soon on our latest global real estate fund. And we potentially could have a closing as early at the end of this year. I don't know that for sure. But that's a potential. On the private equity side, again, we'll probably be launching here in the next quarter, let's call it. And we would expect the first closing in that to be sometime in the first half of 2019.
Jonathan Gray: Well, I’d say on the ground talking to our CEOs and other companies we interact with tax reform has increased, in many cases, their cash flows and has made them more confident. And so I do think it's having some impact. You can see it in the numbers, S&P CapEx spending in the first quarter, I think was up close to 20%. S&P earnings are up 20%. And so you know when company's earnings are up, they tend to be more inclined to hire, they tend to be more inclined to spend CapEx, they tend to be more inclined to travel. And we have seen that in the hotel business where there has been a reacceleration of same-store sales in that sector as an example. So I would say what we're seeing on the ground is positive and some of that I think has to be attributed to the tax reform. In terms of the increased cyclicality, I haven’t really thought about that. I don't see that as an impact in terms of one of -- the fact that companies are paying less tax, I think the bigger impact obviously is around potentially deficit. And you know what happens with inflation and interest rates actually that is a more significant impact than some sort of procyclical impact.
Jonathan Gray: Yes, I think there are situations where as you’re raising a new fund you might use and we have in very small number of circumstances, some commitment where we’ve good line of sight that we’re to raise the money. But getting into the business of committing to very large deals, putting on the balance sheet, syndicating that out, that hasn’t been, I don't think it will be our model. We really rely on the confidence of our investors. Because of the great returns we’ve produced across the entire firm over long periods of time, we’ve generally been able to raise third-party capital to execute our business plan. That's what we want to stick with. There may be circumstances where we need to use our balance sheet but I would use those or think of them as exceptions.
Stephen Schwarzman: And just to give you a number about 40% of our deployments in the first half of the year were outside of the U.S., outside of North America.
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes, Mike, I’d just add that, I think that was the theory before tax reform when we were all doing our models as to whether sort of the cost fee is credits or distressed credits of stress credits because of that change in deductibility would get pushed over. We've not seen that in practice. We all see the default rates and also add to that the fact that we have a pretty healthy economic context. And you have a lot of -- a lot of these borrowers obviously have covenant like credit structures. So that may get tested as we get into a true distress cycle, and there may be some subsection accompanies that sort of wouldn’t have defaulted if not for that, but it's pretty theoretical, it hasn’t materialized yet.
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes, and I would just say rather than accumulating a lot of cash on our balance sheet, we’re paying it out to shareholders either in terms of dividends or in buybacks. And we’re maintaining a strong -- we believe in maintaining a rock solid balance sheet for a rainy day so that we can do the kind of the things John is talking about, but not using it willy-nilly just to load up.
