Weston Tucker: Thanks Catherina. Good morning and welcome to Blackstone's fourth quarter 2015 conference call. I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Chae, Our Chief Financial Officer and Joan Solotar, Head of Multi-Asset Investing & External Relations. Earlier this morning we issued the press release and a slide presentation illustrating our results which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-K report later next month. I’d like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which by their nature are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of some of the risk that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K report. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on this call. The reconciliations you should refer to the press release. I would also like to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone funds. This audio-cast is copyright material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. So, quick recap of our results. We reported Economic Net Income or ENI per unit of $0.37 for the fourth quarter and a $1.82 for the full year which were down from the prior year from the prior year periods due to lower appreciation across some of the funds. Distributable earnings were $878 million in the quarter or $0.72 per common unit and $3.3 per common unit for the full year 2015. That full year amount is a record and is up sharply from 2014 due primarily due to great mix, greater [indiscernible] in our private equity and real estate businesses. We will be paying a distribution of $0.51 per common unit to unit holders of record as of February 8, which brings us to $2.73 paid out with respect to 2015. And that equates to 11% yield on the current stock price, which remains one of the highest of any large firm in the world. With that I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Weston Tucker: As always we move into a new quarter with some contracted sales that we will close in the first or second quarter so there is that.
Weston Tucker: Eric, this is Weston, it’s the total performance fee that has to deal with the mark on the asset, not the unrealized performance.
Tony James: Yes, this is Tony. Let me just clarify couple of things. Michael said over 8, I think I said 8.5 of dedicated energy funds. Most of those funds co-invest with another fund for example, our private equity energy fund takes about half of the deals and so it drags along a similar amount of private equity capital. If you add all of the capital we have available for energy is closer to $15 billion. So just to clarify, so there is no confusion. And yes, it's hard to call the exact term, but as I said before these prices are not sustainable. The nice thing about oil and gas wells are they decline covers fairly sharp, they deplete quickly. These are in copper mines which can produce for 50 years and if you are not drilling a lot of new wells and you are producing which is what’s happening, which is why there is surplus, very quickly supply self corrects. So whether it's sometime in the next – we could survive these prices for several years with the investments we are making and still we expect prices to be 65, 75 in four or five years and we will make some very, very nice returns. So, when we look at energy investing we look at surviving a long time where prices are today and then still getting very, very nice returns if we get back to prices 60 or above which are well below prior peaks. And ironically, the lower prices go today the higher they will be in five years from now because the more other new drilling and what not get shut off. So yes, we think it's a very interesting time to put money out now, there is a lot of companies that desperately need capital, you can come at the top in some cases top of the risk stack, top with capital stack and still have equity like return and other cases great companies with good assets just have no alternatives. And actually, I think as the cycle unfolds it will get better and better and better because the prices start to move up the activity level will pick up quite quickly and so I think it will actually even get better as prices move up, it is the way to deploy capital.
Tony James: Bill, let me just clarify one thing you stated in kind of set up your question. I think you alluded to the page in our 8-K with our investment records on our historical [mikes] which range 1.8x, 1.9x. Assumptions underlying the sort of the analysis and model that generates Steve’s discussions and view on our long-term equity value creation, it's premised very much on that 30 year history of producing those types of multiples of money, which then produces the overtime which supports the yield that support the stock price Steve mentioned. So I just wanted to be very clear about that.
Tony James: Let me be clear, I was not in any way making a projection about what we might be in 2016. I was simply pointing to the structure of our business where we are in a position now depending on realizations to get somewhere between $1 in any year, $1 which is driven largely fee related income and some of the recurring income investments we have like interest on debt and stuff like that which you get over year regardless of market. Two, this year we got over $3 in DE and so we are $1 to $3 like payer on a stock of mid 20s, what kind of yield is that to make any sense and so all I was, what I was pointing out is, I wasn’t trying to make projections as to what the realization would be in 2016 although I will say, I don't see any reason why we can't have significant realizations in 2016 on top of the $1 that comes largely from fee related and other recurring income.
Tony James: And I just want to comment, we have made seven or eight acquisitions, the returns on all of them have been terrific and so I don't think you will see transformational things that change those courses of the firm overnight, but we will continue to smart acquisitions where we can build a lot of value. And none of them will be ego driven by the way to have bragging rights for more AUM or something.
Tony James: Okay. Well, let’s put energy aside. I think if you look at and Michael can help me out here, if you look at the implied default rates on the pricing of low investment grade credit today away from energy, there are something like Michael 4%- 5% and yet we see to actually achieve those default rates you would have to go into a recession in our financial crisis similar to what we went into in 2008/2009, we don't see that at all. So I said, the leading indicators is a point where we view it, what we view is inherent value right now. So the yields are too high for the embedded credit risk and therefore it's a good buy. And so, we are putting money into the market, we are getting additional money from investors to continue to do that. I don't think this is something we are going to plunge at all in one day though, we are somewhere in a good part of the cycle, we will continue to take a series of bites in that part of the cycle. Incidentally, I would say the same thing for energy about where we are in the cycle and the bites we are taking although obviously in energy you are going to have some fairly high, actually default rates. And so we are baiting that into our scenario too. But, I think that the inequity of the market has driven pricing of less than investment grade credit on reasonably low yields, too high for the risk and so we are taking advantage of that.
Tony James: Okay. We are getting financing on the deals we want, actually in most of the cycles before the credit market turn down, we felt that the credit markets were giving too much debt for the companies that we weren't taking all of that was available, we just didn't think it was healthy to have capital structures that are over levered. Those have come down a little bit, but we are still getting 5, 6 sometimes 6.5 times debt to cash flow for our companies. However, as Michael pointed out a lot of the investments we are making are lowly leveraged and we are getting the returns that we target sort of 20% plus without much leverage by driving the operational change and the growth of the business. So we are not, our returns as I said over the years don't come from leverage. They come from what we do with the companies number one, and number two, excessive leverage environments push up prices that seller get when they sell the company and force us to pay more and lowers our returns as an industry. So it's not good. So this backup is good for private equity make no two ways about it. And there is more values, the fewer buyers and there are lower prices out there when we make the investment. In terms of others problems, the problems we’re concentrated in the really large deals at very high prices where sponsors were mostly doing public to private was one big carve out where there was a problem and the market is working through those. Some of those deals are being re-priced, some of those lenders are taking lumps and moved on, some of them have gotten done pretty well, actually so it depends on the specific situation. The market likes plain when it looks solid businesses right now you can still finance those well. If it's a turnaround or falling nice kind of deal it's hard.
Tony James: And interesting, I note for the group an interesting – while we raised $94 billion last year and I think I mentioned this year, of course, we don’t have, as long as flagship trends come in the market, we still have plenty to do and we’ve lots of fundraising. But our fee earning AUM getting to your point was up about 14%, 15% last year. We actually think it will be up comparably in 2016 over today, so it continues chug along and part of that is the fundraising cycle, but part of that is when the fees kick on and part of that is deployment and all that play through, they’re very steady rapid in fee earning AUM.
Tony James: And I would add that. I think people are over reacting to the stock market. I mean, we had whatever a seven year ball market without a correction. We were like just statistically got to be a way overdue for correction. And the backdrop of the S&P companies' net income is weak, it's been zero. So, fees have got high, I mean. And people look at the average S&P, that's kind of a distortion. Look at the median company in here because the average has dominated, because it's market evaluated by Apple and a few huge names. Look at the median P, and P is high. So, we had a correction, big deal. There's enough going on. I think people are overreacting to that. And I just want to – the implications what Steve said about China are healthier than it feels to people that trade with China, because a lot of where the growth is is internal services part of the economy, which does drive -- doesn't drive their imports or someone else's exports. So, I think a lot of people who they try to trade with China, it feels slower than it really is for that reason.
Tony James: And specifically as Steve's point. In each of private equity tack ups and real-estate, we've done deals now on the assumption there is credit, to read our turn hurdles. But we're also very confident that somewhere two three years, we'll have credit. So, it's not an issue, I don’t think.
Tony James: And I just wanted – accelerate but just because so we don’t see the wrong thing. There is hundreds and hundreds lonely managers that have year old interest in and we are looking for something very, very special for looking at all that would be able to sustain superior investment performance, have real synergies, be a leader, be a lead having something very fresh franchise. I’m not even sure that exist, these one might be unicorns.
Michael Chae: Sure, it’s Michael, as I mentioned in my remarks our private portfolio remains marked at a material implied discount to the multiples of market comparables and overtime again as we talked about our IPOs and sales have consistently come at large premium to private caring values. And if you step back that's because in our private evaluations we focus intently on fundamentals and what the right long-term historical average multiples are for a given asset or an industry and at the same time we do keep an eye on whether our employee caring multiples at a given point in time are appropriate relative to current market multiples which we consistently feel they do and definitely do today. So, we feel good about it and that's a little bit of an insight into our process. Let me comment a little differently on that. First of all, last time as you know we went through this, we did not have big mark downs in the portfolio much less than the public markets and when we sold, we had big mark ups and realized big gains and with even BCP 5, we’ll be coming gross to two double that just money, why is that. It's because we are not just buying public stocks here that mark up or mark down. When we buy it, we are buying companies or going and creating value by significantly increasing their earnings and their growth rates and their margins and their return on capital and enhancing their management teams. And that goes on whether the stock market goes up or down. So, we create a lot of value and our private companies appreciate even in declining markets.
Michael Chae: Let me comment on that. We have one of our main businesses is tactical opportunities we are seeing the precise deposits. We are having a significant increase in fees carry then we had in fund one. And they are both oversubscribed. They are both oversubscribed.
Michael Chae: Let me add a couple of color from my perspective to that. First of all, we absolutely think this stock is in unbelievable buy right now we all are on it personally. I mean, I don't know exactly how much Steve owns these days but it's a lot of stock. And he hasn’t sold a share since the IPO, so we are all in on the stock we think it's a fantastic buy. Secondly, the value that Steve talked about of $100 one of the things that drives that is the organic growth rate that we have got to take capital to fund. So, if we stopped having the capital to fund the growth, I am not sure we’d necessarily be ahead of the game, but that's really not the point. We are here to build a great institution that takes this place for enduring great companies of America. And we have got an amazing opportunity and a clean shot to do that with nothing in our way and we have got a daylight between us and all the other competitors and we think we are supposed to go, build that legacy and do something really special here and not take advantage of short term trading opportunities because of buying a few shares because there are little low.
Michael Chae: Just to give you one idea, without a name but there is one surety we were discussing the other day was sort of a yield of 17% at somewhere around 6x EBITDA in terms of value through the debt. Well, we buy companies all the time at 6x to 7x EBITDA and if you could get like a 17% cash yield the due is. Remember treasuries are two, so it's not so bad. But markets gaping out, I mean, you have to hand it to the regulatory environment when you get rid of basically dealers, stop the gaps and our job is to take advantage of that for our investors.
Michael Chae: I would add that in our portfolio, if you look at the economy overall in the U.S. for corporate, the most pain as Tony has alluded to last quarter and now is around kind of the industrial companies that are most export exposed to the global economy. Our private equity portfolio happens to lighter on that kind of thing, heavier on some other industries which we think, which for reasons we selected sectors carefully and tend to be relatively growth here. So that is why in aggregate as we talked about, while we see some deceleration even our own portfolio we are still outgrowing the sort of public market overall meaningfully. On the performance of our publics and privates, we don't sort of break that out per say, I would say two sort of dimensions to it. One is obviously, over the course of the year there were some fluctuations to the third quarter, publics generally were down in the fourth quarter, they were covered and you saw that flow through our E&I in third and fourth quarter in terms of us basically having a E&I decline in third quarter and then more than reversing that in the fourth quarter. I would say the other dimension is certain sectors have been hit more than others, so in the real estate area we are lodging it as a significant component, lodging stocks have been hit harder than other sectors. So, you see some sort of sector differentiation here and then to the course of the year you saw obviously ups and downs.
Michael Chae: Yes, I would say overall Mike that sort of, we’ve lot of visibility on FRE for 2016 based on funds that have been raised and will be activated this year. And the trajectory is really good, it’s really good. And that is notwithstanding that for example as I mentioned, BCP7 will activate this year sometime early midyear and there is six month holiday and so in fact, the real contribution, substantial contribution from that fund will occur in 2017 when there is a full year effect. So, I make that comment about the trajectory 2016 notwithstanding that and that obviously will help further in 2017. So overall, we feel, we’ve lot of visibility on that and we feel good about that.
Michael Chae: In terms of the margin Mike, I think if you look at kind of historical over the years, last year that the margin as I alluded to was reflected a bit that change in the deferred comp policy but when you sort of adjust for that we’ve been on a upward march from an FRE margin standpoint for years now, and we believe we can stand.
Michael Chae: Yes Glenn, out of the $15.7, real estate was a bit more than half of that. Private equity segment was kind of 40% and you cited the corporate private equity component of it and then there is pack ups, which was very active as well in SP. And then GSO is the balance at around w0, I call it 20ish percent of that 15.7. And as we talked about the environment as the year went on, it got more and more interesting for them from the mezzanine standpoint as the leverage markets kind of locked up better.
Michael Chae: Yes, there is I know in overtime we had kind of different metrics to measure this, we talked a bit about percentage through the catch up that was around 83%, a couple of quarters ago and down to 73% or so more recently. And right now it's around 70% now maybe a different way to look at it is kind of what portion of our LPs are in full carry versus catch up and that last quarter I mentioned kind of 50:50 now, it's a little less than 50% and will carry little more in catch up so that will move around based on various factors.
Michael Chae: Yes, I think obviously private equity in credit are the main areas of the firm where there is energy. In credit where energy generally as you know is significant portion of kind of the high yield bond market for us across all of our GSO assets, the percent in energy is sort of in the call it low teens. And in private equity as Tony mentioned we obviously have general funds, the BCP funds and then we BP. BP is of course dedicated to energy but importantly those energy investments are sort of half and half aspects that are E&P, oil and gas assets that are directly affected by those commodity prices. And the other half are in sectors like power and renewable that are not so that's sort of the structure of our holdings in private equity.
Michael Chae: Yes let me address your question. First of all core P which you asked about, we will finish the fund raising early this year and you should start to hear more about it so to speak, later this year we start to do the first deal. In the number of new products across the firm is probably not a terribly meaningful number where we have got, I’d say five to ten really cool new thing, at least one usually several in every major segments and we are working on them all.
Michael Chae: I think there are couple of things Eric, first you have to take into account, if you are looking at realized and unrealized, if you look at total performance fees. And obviously, when we realize things there is sort of the uplift if you will of unrealized going into realized.
Michael Chae: That is what I mean by flip and that is in those numbers because we had another good realization quarter and that when could strip all that out we had positive appreciation and not as high as in some prior quarters and so that’s why you get a quantum of positive economic income that is positive, but maybe lower in amount than in some earlier time.
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes, I was surprised to that actually we haven't been experiencing that and we have sold out, I guess, it was better characterizations blown out every fund that we marketed over the last x number of years. And occasionally, we have some sort of negotiation over massive amounts of money in the multibillion dollar categories that would be special account right over whole lot of different products. But what other group was saying, we have not experienced that and if you look at the kind of returns that we have talked about and Michael had a lot of stuff he was saying, but I think his last sentence or two said something like we have averaged around double the S&Ps something of that type borrowing funds that are trying to get those kinds of returns. When you provide that kind of like super performance what you find is, you end up having great long-term partnerships with limited partners where the win-win type of arrangements so that's pretty much what we are experiencing.
Stephen Schwarzman: We get asked about stock buybacks and for us, we think our first of all our model of projecting what we are doing we think is actually quite interpretive. And so, the question is why aren't we doing a massive stock buybacks now and one of the reasons is that I like cash, I like it like a lot of entrepreneurs like cash whether it's the Microsoft people or the Google people or the Apple people, you like cash because it gives you the opportunity to take advantage of opportunities and what happens is, we are being approached for example, by a number of different organizations that want to affiliate with Blackstone because we payout, we are trying to please people including ourselves and we payout almost all of our earnings and we have sort of sky high yields by the standards of other companies. And so, for us if we buy stock in then we are leveraging ourselves up and we need our cash for two reasons, one is acquisitions. And the other is, at the rate we are growing we have to keep putting money into funds, limited partners believe that if you don't invest in your own funds you don't show confidence or alignment. And so, we always want to have lot of money around because our ability to start new products is really remarkable and last year we grew at 16% after giving all this money back and we keep coming up with new products. We put ourselves in a position to the major share buybacks and not be able to fund the growth of the business, which puts money in the ground for long term and we grow from fund one to subsequent funds very rapidly, would not be investing in effective long-term. Nothing wrong with buying stock at this price, nothing but if we think we are compromising our ability to grow one of the greatest companies in the world, it's just a question of how do you allocate that and they are all good allocations. But, I am a great believer in taking advantage of every investment opportunity for the benefit of our limited partners and if we do a great job for them they have trillions and trillions of dollar and if we keep getting a vastly disproportionate amount because of the performance that's great for our public shareholders over the long-term. That was the long answer, but I wanted to tell you how at least I think about it.
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, giving away insight information on widely spread calls is a bad idea and we get approached by different types of managers whether they are long only managers, alternative managers of all sizes because what’s happened is every time that someone has affiliated with us their business has exploded with growth. So, we have our own sort of list of priorities which we think makes sense and then we get over the trends of type of increase and what we are interested in doing is expanding when it makes sense with businesses that we can really enhance with people who share similar value system. We are not trying to do anything for the short term. And for us to actually buy something there has to be a fit of values and culture and risk aversion because what I figured out is that there are no brave old people in finance, usually it get wiped out by being brave when you are younger. And so, we have a number of things, we are looking at what tends to happen is, we have an advantage actually of real liquidity in our stock. We typically are about half the market cap of our whole industry. And if anybody is interested potentially in liquidity we are very good home, but we are quite discriminating, we don't want to do anything that puts ourselves and changes the culture of the firm. We like building them ourselves, but we found some really terrific opportunities and more of this stuff comes out of the woodwork when you have adverse market cycles than when you are at tops. At top everybody is self confident and happy and then when the tide goes out you see who is wearing bathing suits or whatever and maybe I was like, to have to be wearing them, but we are seeing some activity now, we will see what happens with it.
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, I will let Michael deal with the second part. Our corporate companies are having EBITDA growth in the low single digits, low to mid single digits depending on the company. Our real estate I would say are mid to high single digits.
Stephen Schwarzman: I think it's sort of the -- it's always hard to know what everybody thinks, but sort of from trying to feel the consensus has been very negative towards China. And I think that's because people have looked it the way China has built with its securities markets by first of all running them up to unsustainable levels and now having them sort of go down and trying to intercept them on the way down to push and falling. That's been recently unsuccessful and given a bad tone, a bad perception. China is similar with the stop and start on the current team, which really hurt confidence in then on Chinese world. China itself has about 52% of its economy in services, which are growing from what everybody can see in excess of 10%. It got last year it hired 14.4 million people more than they hired when they were growing much faster. Wages, last year were up significantly in China. So, it doesn't have the feel that something that's like certainly in free fall, because it's not. The other sort of 48% of the -- there are Chinese economies having a more mixed picture from sort of declines and in this field business and sort of backing up against building in structure. They've got a lot of infrastructure and so, there is going to have to be some rationalization in that sense. But if you have half of your economy growing at 10+ and the rest is a mixed picture, you're not in a world of hard landings other than the fact that people have lost confidence in some of the policy directions in the market place. So, I think that’s a bit overdone. So, as we look at the world, that there's commodity, China grows but half of the world's commodity, and they're not buying this much, although this maybe shocking to you that their purchase of oil in the last year was up 10% and I think most people know that. Not all commodities are down, but the wash through the developing economies of the world has less commodities are bought and the price is sort of really collapsing. Yes. But a lot of minerals mining and that kind of stuff, and structural over supply and people shutting mines and stopping development and that's a long cycle type of approach which will lead to slower growth in the emerging market. It has to, and it's not just emerging markets. It's a country like Canada, for example, which is [indiscernible] resource country. They're not growing, they are some quarters they're in recession. So, we sort of looked at it as sort of a slowing of sort of the world. And the U.S. is experiencing that to some degree. And Europe's being sort of going to stimulation with QE and [indiscernible] on the lot of stuff at Europe. And Europe seems to be pretty solid. As -- might even do 1.5, I don’t know. In the U.S. probably ought to do, anybody guess, 1.5 - 2, that's like half of the world. And China is going to do again with what's reported. I don’t know whether it's four, five, six, I call it five. And that's 14% of the world. So, you start running out of difficulties, although some of that remaining part is really falling into a bad position whether it's Brazil in recession, Russia in recession. India is doing sort of quite well, they're reporting seven. Some of that's got inflation that just to remit or whatever. So, maybe it's five, 5.5 but India is a pretty big place. So, places that were growing, Columbia thinks it's going to grow 1.5 - 2, but it -- so there is -- it's just a bit of a slower world. And part of the issue why people ask these questions is that some of the stuffs happen too quickly. Like the Doyle, for example, it's just potentially destabilizing certain [indiscernible]. And you saw this morning, that the IMF, now as it for [Joan] [ph], now as of Joan like for years ago and it's really humming. And now they got the IMF visiting and that's what happens with very quick moves. And some of these things will reverse. They don’t reverse in one quarter to convenience anybody. But when if you have 20% declines in CapEx going into oil exploration, with a 4% decline curve, do it, do that for a few years and something is going to change, and it will. So, I think we look at all this and say okay, if that's what's going on in the world, where do we play? Where are we worried, where do we play, can we play in sized. We do things better conservative with big upsides, add a lot of value. In certain of our overall businesses are really in great shape, industries we invest in. So, it's not the end of the world. If you look at the stock market, I mean, you have to conclude, it's like the world is ending. Well, I don’t think the world is ending. I think we're going through an adjustment and people like ourselves who own long-term things and add enormous value end up at the end of the day being mega winners. That is my view, and it's also because it's imperatively been true and nothing has changed within the firm. That was the capability of people, capital, all the great things that enable you to do this stuff. So, that's sort of how I see these.
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes. I mean, I was watching [indiscernible] was on and they asked him about Chinese, it is my second biggest market both revenues and profits and think just slowed down a little bit, but it just felt terrific for us. I think that it's a more nuance world, not a simple world.
Stephen Schwarzman: Okay. Well, I think all of our businesses will earn more money on the new investment they make in that scenario. I think in terms of the private equity business, which is one that people will go to right away and awful lot of what we do things that don’t require much leverage because they are growth equity, they're building new infrastructure, and we build us a solar field in Mexico or an offshore windfarm in Germany or things like that. It's they are not leverage driven, obviously. And so, we're not doing, as Michael mentioned, we're not doing a lot of big highly levered public to private. So, we'll let impact us. Yes, I think it'll impact us by giving us more of buying opportunities. But in every environment, since I've in a 25 years or more that I've been doing this, we've always been able to get access to credit, always. And the amount of credit may go down, the source of the credit may go down, structure of the credit may change, but we've always been able to access credit in the private market, that something really, and that's usually more than compensated by the lower prices. And if anyone's going to get credit in that market, it's Blackstone. Now, on the real-estate side, again, real-estate is somewhat impacted, but it had different credit market and we were able to do secured real-estate financings even the depth of the [indiscernible] will still be able to. And so if you're right, that somehow the credit market completely dried up for real-estate, boy that would be interesting again. We got the capital, we got the equity capital. Other buyers won't have access to either the equity or the debt. I would think that would be great long-term. Our credit business again locked up money. They'll be the lender of last resort. They'll be able to basically write senior loans at 20% kind of returns, equity kind of returns. And if you look at what happened with their [indiscernible] returns, they're in the 18% 20% area. So, that will be fantastic for them. So, all-in-all, I just don’t -- I think in that scenario by the way you probably have massive [indiscernible] in the stock market too. I don’t know how you can have a shutdown credit market and that's some kind of panic associated with it. One thing, is cycled to this stuff. So, what happens is when credit really tightens of its available price just go down is probably was willing to. So, we'll look at something and we were just looking debating something the other day in our tech offices, what's the unleveraged rate of return that we should get for something and so would know credit? We were debating on this one, whether should it be 15, should it be 16, and this is no leverage. So, if you can buy something that make a 15% 16%, as soon as market's [indiscernible] that you're worse scenario comes true. There is just no really credit available and you could set things up at 15, 16. Oh my goodness, this is like nirvana, because credit always comes back and then you put credit on it and you're making like 24% 25%. This is how we got into the real-estate business. In 1992, there was no credit. You couldn’t borrow anything. Right? You really couldn't. We went out and started buying real-estate from the RTC and other people, I didn’t even know how to price it, and so I just did it at 16. 16 sounded good to me. So, what happened, is that 16 when you put leverage on it, it came like a 24. And in that case, with real-estate, we just filled up the empty units in the buildings and the 24 became like 45% compounded and then rents went up and we made 55%. So, when you enter this type of period, I mean, Tony was pretty joyful, I thought, and excited about it. And as asking the question, you obviously think it's like horrible, which is why you asked the question. But when you live through this game, there is big money to be made and it's not because of the credit thing, you use that credit cycle. And CSO will make tons. All right? Because everybody needs credit. The idea that credit is like an optional in the global economy, credit is not optional. You'll get it at whatever price from whatever the purveyor is, that's got it for you. And then you get way more options, to extent credit. You say for to extent credit. So, it just is unfamiliar to be in that part of the cycle, if you have a monolithic model of how the world works.
Stephen Schwarzman: Okay. Well, I think the real star there is our Senfina business which is our new sort of proprietary multi-strategy business which has had fantastic returns, we are not allowed to say how fantastic they are, but they are fantastic. And that I think is, we could almost fill an unlimited amount of that number one. Number two, the daily liquidity product we have where we are actually offering institutional quality of returns to individual investors who have been coming out as well, I think we could sell and almost unlimited amount of that right now. And then we are getting some very good responses to our drawdown funds which either by sea capital or by minority stakes and establish fund managers. Those are all sort of hard areas for us. They are all high margin areas for us. And so that's where a lot of the growth is, but in the core hedge fund solution business they continue to raise money, they continue to have money in flow to exceed out flow so I think that's solid as well. And this is the environment where that business shines. That business I mean, it's going to there are risk, there are way to play public markets in the lower risk way much less volatility, 20% to 25% of the volatility they are protected, they are set protect value on the down side, but not quite participate fully to the same degree as the market averages in the up market. So right now, their out performance is sort of really surging.
Stephen Schwarzman: All of our investments are always in both the M&A and the IPO bucket and the recap bucket for that matter. There is not a bucket that we put them in, we are a lot of times when we sell some as a dual process, so I don’t think any of much changed there. We have a number of investments that frankly we will be happy to execute sales at current prices. So we will continue to take some money off, we have a number of assets that are for sale in the private markets that will move forward. To the extent that delays an exit, I guess what we look at is the return we can earn by waiting and we expect to earn 12% to 15% return each year by waiting. So actually we and our LPs and I actually think our shareholders get richer if we wait.
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, this is maybe something we should take offline with Joan or Weston, but I will make general comment. The bulk of our sort of low end of the distributable range of about a buck is fee related interim fees. The other stuff adds a little bit to it but it's not - they are no huge dollars. When you get in our “realized” form of incentive fees, the bulk of that are assets sales, the vast bulk of that.
Stephen Schwarzman: I really don't want to get into projecting realization type quarter going forward, we’re opportunistic, we definitely will have realizations in the market at these prices, but if you want to get some more color from that I think Joan or Weston can talk to you.
Stephen Schwarzman: Core P is a really unique thing. And it's neat because the core plus area in real estate is about three to four times the size of the opportunity market. And our performance across the board and real estate is perhaps the best in the world and has been for very long time. And so, there is enormous potential growth in that business and the deals we have done so far looks like they are really, really attractive from the perspective of our investors. So this is kind of business where it's really like locked in money very long period of time and I have very aggressive expectations for that business, I think I scare all people internally on a regular basis I think that this is we have just done 11 billion in its first two years and it's been a ramp up, we will be able to really hit stride and doing some back of the envelop numbers myself this morning. And because we were looking at projecting sort of growth rate for the firm it's part of the model that I talked to you about. And if we raise when this business is more mature, 10 billion a year or something like that that's almost like a 3% growth in our AUM and we have projected like 8% model it's just like this one product of many products firms. So it's natural for us investors like it, and principally in U.S. we can expand this all around the world and we do have a full of capital. So this is like a wonderful drive to real estate. We have got some other fixed income products looking at its very exciting.
Stephen Schwarzman: We are sort of having evolved to that level of sophistication yet, but if you were to do something like that they’d have to be like special, it wouldn’t just be along only manager because there are interesting numbers on a page. They have to be unusual, they have to have an unusual culture, they have to be something self sustaining, you never want to be buying anything or deleting with anything it’s just sort of a generic thing that has some interesting numbers that you could achieve. You want to be with the best in an area that’s we love that being the best and look at synergies that could work between the business in terms of capital or different types of distribution or something. So, this is not people like ourselves sitting around saying aha, that’s a big area let’s go buy something. We don’t operate that way, we don’t operate that way internally and alternatively, we just don’t do that. And so, it would be a little of I think needle in a haystack, calling the thing but if we ever did something like that you’d say wow! That’s amazing and something really terrific with it. But we’re not sitting around saying we’re out of oomph, when the alternative business that we’ve capped down, once just start wondering just we’ve got nothing better to do and we’ve got to manifest destiny to stupidly grow and so that’s how we think about it.
Stephen Schwarzman: So, I wouldn’t be sticking around putting one in your report as Blackstone is looking for. If Blackstone stumbles into it, we know it if we saw it, but it’s not like we are out there hustling around shifting through things and we are about to get surprised.
