Joan Solotar: Great. Thank you, Chanel. Good morning, and welcome to Blackstone's First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. I'm here today with Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Laurence Tosi, CFO.  Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results and you can get that on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q in a few weeks.  So I'd like to remind you, today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. You can see a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results in the Risk Factor section of our 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. And we will refer to non-GAAP measures on the call, and for reconciliations back to GAAP, you should refer to our press release.  So I'd also like to remind you that nothing that we say on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any of our Blackstone funds. This audiocast is copyrighted material of The Blackstone Group and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent.  So we reported economic net income or ENI of $0.39 per unit in the first quarter. That was down slightly from $0.40 in the fourth quarter and $0.51 in the first quarter of last year. If you recall, last year's first quarter included the catch-up in the Real Estate funds.  For the first quarter of 2012, our distributable earnings were $162 million or $0.15 a unit, and that was down slightly sequentially as higher management fees were offset modestly by lower performance fees. So even though we had appreciation in the funds, we had less appreciation than we did in the prior period.  We'll be paying out $0.10 per unit distribution related to the first quarter to common holders of record as of May 15. So as always, if you have any questions related to the release or any earnings within, just follow up with me or Weston Tucker after this call.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve Schwarzman. 
Joan Solotar: And from a modeling standpoint, just make sure you're modeling on a fund-by-fund basis. So we give you the fund-by-fund breakdown. 
Joan Solotar: And just to add to that, because we get asked about that opportunity, in particular, quite frequently. I think there are a lot of competitors out there talking about buying big pools of credit from European banks. And if that happens, great. I mean, GSO can certainly participate. But the opportunity they're very focused on is leveraging their single credit expertise, and Harbourmaster gave them insight into something like half the credits in Europe. And unlike the U.S., where there's a deeper public market for high-yield credit, that doesn't exist in Europe. So we think that's going to be a really exciting opportunity. And we are positioned, I think, much better than almost anyone given the credit expertise that we have. 
Hamilton James: Okay, Michael, it's Tony talking. Actually, I think there's a number of different directions we can go. We definitely have possibility to do some regional funds, most particularly Asia and emerging markets focus where there's a lot of investor interest and not many high-quality vehicles. And the investors tend to be underweighted to emerging markets, first of all. Secondly, in places like Real Estate, we can go to core Real Estate and some things like that, which they're huge asset classes. Investors are hungry for yield, they're hungry for inflation hedge. And we have, of course, have tremendous market knowledge and ownership of assets throughout all the major regions. And that could be a very large asset class. The GSO guys are -- have all kinds of options to create new credit vehicles, new yield vehicles. And so, they have a very complicated product slate already. But one of the fastest-growing areas there is their long-only business. In the BAAM areas, they've got a new opportunistic fund. There's a lot of demand for their seed fund, and they're creating sort of proprietary products. Again, a lot of growth areas. So I don't think there's any one direction that this could go. As you know, in Private Equity, we're raising a sector-specific fund now energy .There could be other sector-specific funds. I think we have a lot of choices, and the key thing to do is just not get too distracted with going too many directions at once and whatever we do, to do it really well. 
Hamilton James: Well, we started last year thinking that, that would be a fairly big year based on the early part of the year markets that were robust. And then of course, European worries rippled through the system, and the markets were pretty ugly until the end of the year. And I'm a bit concerned we'll have that again. But market -- so it is market dependent, but we lost -- we didn't get -- we didn't do as much last year as was expected because of the market back-up. In our portfolio, we have some things that are ready to go if we thought the time was right across the board. And we have some assets that are fairly new, a lot of value still being created, and we think it's premature, so it's kind of a mix. I think that -- but to answer your question more specifically, if markets hang in there like generally like we see them now, I think you'll see realizations ramp up starting late this year and next year will be a much stronger year as well that following year or 2. 
Hamilton James: We're still -- I'd say our deal list is shorter, but we're still seeing opportunities to deploy it. And I think we'll put to work $3 billion to $4 billion a year in this environment, which is about what we planned for. 
Hamilton James: Well, yes. I mean, I think there's been a lot of money raised to play the European deleveraging thing that's been pushed off by the LTRO. And so in that sense, there's a bit of imbalance. But we're still -- there's still almost a historic premium -- historically high premium that investors get paid to take illiquidity. So the spread in rates from a liquid bond to an illiquid bond of the same credit is extremely high, as high as it's ever been. We think there's a lot of very attractive -- that if you can tolerate illiquidity, there's a lot of very attractive investments to be made. And our mezz guys and our rescue-financing guys are -- frankly, putting money out very fast, faster than I would -- well above mid-cycle, so to speak. 
Hamilton James: Well, the portfolio of companies are generally growing. Revenues are up sort of mid single digits. That's about as expected. I would say the growth is less robust than the -- than late last calendar year. So the economy is not strengthening, at least as seen through the eyes of our portfolio of companies. I mentioned in the press call that margins are under a bit of pressure because costs are rising, mostly commodity-based costs, but it's very hard for these companies to pass that through because they don't have the pricing power and a weak demand environment to do so. There's -- so EBITDA is growing also, but somewhat less than revenues. The -- it's not -- it doesn't have a big effect on marks, frankly, because the cash flow is still paying down debt, and the fundamental outlook for the company haven't -- companies hasn't changed. The -- I do think the economy is somewhat weaker though, than it was on many dimensions at the end of last year. And if the economy weakens further, obviously, that'll push out realizations, and it'll push out realizations. Primarily, we still expect to get the same ultimate value. In terms of the marks, if you disaggregate the public markets, our -- the values of our portfolio was up comparably to that of comparable industries. The big run-up in the stock market with lot of the country and financials and in tech kind of companies, we don't have a lot of those in our portfolio. But if you look at the way how industrials performed, our company has -- our marks are in line with the public markets. And then you have to remember, too, that because of the stronger dollar, all of our foreign investments lost value just in terms of currency translation, not that we're -- not that they feel it and the local currencies are doing fine. But as translated to our statements, you -- that was a bit of a drag in Private Equity. So I don't -- I would say the picture in the economy is improvement, but slow improvement. 
Hamilton James: Well, it's a good opportunity when they come up. There's not a huge crop of them out there to do. And so I'm not -- we keep looking and we consider all things all the time, but we try to be very, very selective. 
Hamilton James: Well, you have some of both, obviously, as well some of our credit assets, which have had a tremendous run in the mezzanine area. But the biggest bulk of that in the near term will be Real Estate-related assets. 
Hamilton James: Yes, it's still pretty consistent. I mean, we've got that marked at about $1.1 billion now. We expect it to be somewhere -- projecting is hard, but we all have our views. But $1.8 billion, $1.9 billion, something like that. 
Hamilton James: Well, we've looked at a lot of those businesses, and we actually have decided that we don't add much to that and there are some conflicts. The conflicts would be: A, we wouldn't be able to invest in our own funds for obvious reasons; and B, other fund-to-funds are investors in our Private Equity fund, and we just don't believe in competing with our customers. So that's probably not likely, but there are other businesses that we look at. We looked at secondaries. That's a somewhat better fit, I think. And it doesn't necessarily come through the BAAM platform, but we might consider something along those lines for the right vehicle. And we've looked at a number of other kinds of things, but nothing is imminent and nothing is -- I think, we don't feel any strategic necessities to be anywhere. 
Hamilton James: BCOM was above at one point? So it's the performance since the time you accrued something. Okay, well. All right, whatever. 
Hamilton James: I think over time we'll probably head in that direction. I think the first step in that has been the energy fund that we're doing, and over time, we consider regional funds or other sector funds. Investors like a more targeted strategies these days. If you look at the evolution of the industry, it started off with just generalist funds. And there are more and more specialist funds, and specialist funds are taking more and more of the assets that investors have to put out. So we'll go along with the industry trend on that, I would expect. 
Hamilton James: No. Howard, it's Tony. Golly, we're sitting on investments that are appreciating rapidly. And why kind of give -- and why give that away now? I don't get it. In -- a lot of it's real estate. We've got a wonderful compounding going on. We've got rents going up. We've got occupancies going up. We've got debt going down, and they're leveraged. So the value that falls to the equity, it's accreting very rapidly. Sure, we could take something public. We could get a double here, double there. We're playing for more than that. And I don't understand this, frankly, the focus on premature liquidations. We're in the business of managing money. That means like having the money and managing it and creating value, and that's what we're doing. 
Hamilton James: Well, I do agree with it. And what you've got in Real Estate is you've got an improving economy, it doesn't need to be robust, and no new supply. And that's important. Because this -- as an economy, we make obsolete about 0.8% of our commercial real estate each year and new supplies below that. So we've got a shrinking stock in America of commercial real estate, actually. Yet you have inexorably growing population and you have an economy coming back, and you have a bit of a catch-up from the 2008, '09, '10 when sort of no one signed leases and no one expanded or anything else. So you've got all that coming through now, and I think it's going to be good. Now I hope it'll be even better. I'd love to think that the economy will actually be on a nice -- or we'll get -- at some point, we'll get a bit more robust growth. One of the reasons we want to not celebrate right now, we want to wait for that to happen if it's going to. But I -- and so a bit of your question is sort of why is Real Estate only up 4% then? And we try to be conservative on our marks. 
Hamilton James: Howard, put another way, the pressure to liquidate comes right before you do a fund raise, not right after. 
Hamilton James: Having said that, Howard, it's a tailor's business, in the sense of each deal, you can't just go buy it, buy it on the screen. Each deal is a deal. It's individually negotiated. They take time. You got to diligence them, and you got to put it out one at a time. So it's not something you can just crank up with -- like a dial at all. And what we have done though, is -- to facilitate this is 1 of the 3 founders of GSO has moved over to London because we do think it'll be a big European opportunity. And his mandate is just to bring leadership closer to where we think there'll be a lot of action and to build up our team and our capabilities in London. And with Harbourmaster, we not only got the assets, we've got a very good team. We're the largest owner -- nonbank owner of credit in Europe, of loans in Europe, and we have a very good team there now. It's very -- it's much expanded with -- we've got 5 partners now in credit and, I think, 57 support people, which is up -- in Europe, working on European credit. And that's up a lot from where it was a few years ago. So we are trying to gear up, but it's not the kind of thing you just flick a switch. 
Laurence Tosi: It's LT, Michael. Let me start with I think we saw a period during the downturn where we were pretty aggressive with expanding our global footprint. We were investing in some new products, and we were investing in marketing in the platform. I think that the heavier period of that has probably come down a little bit. If you noticed, we had fee-earning leverage both on a comp ratio, as well as in our fixed cost ratio, our non-compensation ratio. So while I don't know that it expected to expand that much more, it is continuing momentum and reflecting the growth. With respect to Advisory, it's seasonal. So over the last 5 years, we've typically recognized about 20% of a full year's revenues in the first quarter. But because under GAAP, you accrue a full year, you have 25% of the year's expenses. In this year, in particular, we had some deals that were announced, but not closed, so we had the expense associated with them, but not the revenue. So I would expect that, as it has in prior years, to iron itself out. 
Laurence Tosi: So Bill, it's LT. Let me just start with your point about gross inflows. So the gross inflows and fee-earning assets in the first quarter were about $19.5 billion. Half of that was from the GSO acquisition. Outside of that, Real Estate had about $6 billion; Private Equity, $500 million; and there was about $900 million in other parts of the credit business, as well as $1.5 billion in Hedge Fund Solutions. So consistent with our pattern over time, it was very broad based once you back out the particular acquisition, if that's helpful, Bill. 
Laurence Tosi: We also tend to focus -- just one point on that, we tend to focus not just obviously on the financial side, which is very important, but on the strategic side. So when you look at Harbourmaster, we had 80% overlap in the credit names they cover and less than 5% LP overlap. So there was a compelling strategic fit to give us exposure to not only build out the platform over time, to have leverage with the credits that we're investing in, but also an LP base that, really, we didn't have a lot of exposure to. So we really look at both. It has to be compelling on a financial and on a strategic basis, and that's what drives us. And that's also makes the opportunities few and far between, but we don't stop looking. 
Laurence Tosi: It's LT. The math really doesn't work that way. But the number that we gave you was the gross depreciation number for the fund for the quarter. We gave you the whole segment. BCP is an element of that. So it's not the -- BCP V is not the only driver. The metric that you're referring to is the one that we put in the 10-Q, which refers to a change in total enterprise value that it would take to cross the threshold. Last quarter, that was 12%. This quarter, it's 11%. The reason why you don't have a net for net reduction, that of course, is you have accrual of the hurdle and fees as well. But we will -- we'll put that number in the Q, and it'll be 11% change in total enterprise value. 
Laurence Tosi: I think if you look at the K, which reports through the end of last year, you do see that, that particular fund is out of money by a decent amount. I think they're still thinking that, that fund will return positive capital, but whether or not it returns carry remains to be seen. But you're correct in identifying that as the one that we're concerned about. 
Laurence Tosi: It is a good run rate number. It's missing only 5 days of Harbourmaster because we closed on January 5. So other than that, it's a good reflection. There is one element I'll just point out. If you look at the realized performance fee, the compensation versus realized performance fees in the quarter, there was a bit of a catch-up in the first quarter. So naturally, we wouldn't have more than 100% comp ratio. That will iron itself over the course of the year. But 100% of Harbourmaster and, by the way, the remaining 15% of GSO are reflected in the March 31 numbers. So that's a good run rate to go with. 
Laurence Tosi: If I could just add 2 quick points to what Steve just said. Howard, if it's helpful, the -- it's intrinsic in the way you mark things under GAAP that you don't have takeover premiums, et cetera. So that's the conservatism that Steve's talking to or that's one aspect of it. So typically, over time, both the Private Equity and Real Estate, you will have a jump in marks upon the disposition because you can consider them the exit price relative to your intrinsic carrying value. That's one point I'd make. The second one I'd point, this will follow on what Tony just said, the 4% growth, of course, that's a 16% annual rate, that's pure fundamental growth in the portfolios, meaning it's cash flow accretion and increase in the carrying value of those assets and not marks to market or expansions of multiples, which usually take a longer sustainable recovery in the markets for you to do. So as a pure mark, it's actually a pretty strong indicator of really good fundamentals in the Real Estate portfolio. 
Stephen Schwarzman: I think -- this is Steve. There's a general sort of pressure on different elements of fee structure, particularly in Private Equity, much more than any of our other businesses. And that takes the sort of the case and really very large investors. It's not an across-the-board phenomena. We're already quite low on management fees, as Tony mentioned, compared to most other firms. I mentioned that in the press call. And we see little pressures in different parts of the structure, not normally in the carry element  of it, not in the hurdle rates. Sometimes, the largest investors in the world want a special discount for size in management fee breaks. That's something that has occurred in the Private Equity area, really for, at least, the last 10 to 15 years. But those breaks are a little more accentuated. I would also say the dollars involved are larger than they were 10 or 15 years ago. So there's sort of a sensitivity by some of the largest investors, which comes from the fact that a lot of the big investors in the asset class, your pension funds and other institutional investors, that because of performance, not necessarily in Private Equity, but in their general portfolios, with almost no increase in equities over a 10-year period, they're having trouble meeting their actuarial returns. And as a result of that, they're looking for different ways to trying to increase returns. Some focus on fees as part of that. But what also goes along with it is generally across the alternative spectrum, is increasing more allocation to alternatives, and that benefits us as a firm with this very significant growth that I think LT's mentioned and I've also mentioned. 
Stephen Schwarzman: And on the second point, if you talk to the major consultants in the alternative areas, what you'll see is that in the Private Equity area, the allocations are going up to the institutions. It's more centered on the mid-market buyouts rather than the large class, but the entire sector is going up because they need that return. And opportunity Real Estate, it's going down. We're like the major exception, and that's happened because of performance problems with a number of the firms who are now no longer in the business. In the credit sector, that's going up because, as you guys all know, people are desperate for yield. And if you can manufacture very high returns in an absolute sense and a relative sense. In the credit sector, you're doing well. In the fund-to-funds area, that's going down across the board, but we are, again, a exception on that one because of performance and customized products. So that breaks it down for you by area. And it's important to also recognize that we're not a private equity firm. We are a broad-based alternative firm, and that really works to our advantage in a whole bunch of different ways for performance of our products, for joint marketing to Limited Partners, and it's a very good model. 
Stephen Schwarzman: And structurally, this is Steve, the opportunity is very big, and the banks are being disintermediated by Basel III. And particularly in Europe, where banks make up about 2/3 of the credit extension as opposed to about 1/3 in the United States, there's a really big opportunity there. There's going to be difficulty refinancing companies' maturities as they come due with Basel III, where the regulation is directing money into refinancing sovereigns instead of companies. And in real estate, there's almost no liquidity in terms of credit extension. People just are lending very, very little money to that. And this curve provides a lot of opportunities. And also in the States, in the Real Estate business, there's very little financing available by historic standards, which creates more opportunities for our types of products. And so if you view the sum of what we do as a replacement for the shrinking of massive size, hundreds of billions of dollars of the banking system, that to the extent that we can continue to raise money, I think we're going to find really interesting opportunities to deploy that, to replace people who no longer can do it because of changes in regulation. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes, some of those we could've bought, but we let go so that other people have done for price reasons. And we're pretty disciplined about these things. And as Tony said, they're not a bundle of them anymore, but things happen. 
Stephen Schwarzman: I think the LPs have been basically traumatized by their experience in opportunity real estate. A large number of our competitors have gone out of business. They've gone out of business because they were buying leverage real estate at very high prices, and that -- real estate market went down, they hit maturities. And those maturities couldn't be refinanced because the lending ratios have changed. And Tony and I spent a bunch of our weekends reading investment committee meetings of like -- it's not endless, but it's about enough to ruin a day reading these memos for approval of -- it's almost the same deal with different names, where some piece of real estate was bought by somebody. Its valuation is, in some cases, down 20%. It needs -- sometimes more. It needs way more equity to refinance it, to the extent that they can live in a world of changed ratios. The equity's out of -- which was highly leveraged. The equity is worthless. Who's going to put that money up? And there are very few people around who actually will do that, and we are the dominant group left in the world that will do that. And so people come to us all the time. Now the people who gave -- the people of these institutions who gave the money, these other firms who destroyed the equity values, are really still extremely cautious. And the consultants who represent them are also cautious about exposing more money to this sector. Now we've been quite fortunate for a variety of reasons with a terrific group of people and a lot of experience, and we avoided those types of issues and have the best record, according to what the consultants have told us in the developed world. And so we're like an off-the-page 3 standard deviation kind of moment to these people. And they want a certain amount of exposure, and they're doing it through us. They've moved, as a category, the institutions, into what's called core real estate, which is buying regular buildings that don't need a lot of fix-up, don't put debt on them at all or a modest amount of debt. Because what they're worried about isn't maximizing return, they want some exposure to the asset class. They just don't want to live through these losses again. And I don't know that that's going to change in any significant degree. There are a few people out there raising money who are new. But they basically take in people who've more or less been involved, not in every case, but often, with some of these other failures. And their firms have disbanded, and then they're reforming and displaying themselves as real estate experts. And unfortunately, for these new attempts, some of which will be successful, that the consultants remember who the people were. And so I think this asset class is going to stay under-invested in, even though the opportunities are actually terrific. And there'll be a few firms that raise funds as they have, but those will be relatively small firms' funds compared to what most of them have done previously. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes. Well, we do a number of things that are different. First of all, roughly around half of what we do are custom-made products to solve a particular opportunity or a problem that a large investor has. And that helps from a performance point of view. Secondly, we've created whole new products to invest in new hedge funds, where we've had great performance, identified the right people, have, in effect, an ownership position in their business that hasn't even been triggered yet in terms of a buyout. We have, in addition to that, other interesting ways of focusing on individual areas, whether it's the commodity area being in the right place at the right time. And we negotiate very good fees with the underlying managers because it's the largest group in the world. We can get capacity at really good managers on a very advantageous basis, which adds to performance that other people can't get because they can't put up the money. We also have a lot of people doing this. There are some sense probably that there are 2 or 3 people sitting in a room picking funds or something, and it's not that difficult to underlying funds. It's not that difficult a business. And point of fact, we've got this sort of small army of people doing this, and we've been doing it for 20 years. And this involves diligence of the back office, as well as the trigger pullers, as well as assessing strategy. We've also -- we've now got an overlay strategy we've been doing for probably, I don't know, Tony, last 5 to 6 years, which has dramatically accelerated. We'll pick themes of what we think are going to happen to different sectors of the asset allocation spectrum and enhance underlying portfolios with that type of bias. And we're able to -- as a result of the shakeout from the investment banking firms. Again, because of regulation, that there are people available who are working on prop tests and doing other types of things. And we can bring them in to make more of these type of concentrated directional type of investments as opposed to just investing in the underlying manager. So there's tons of stuff going on that makes a business a terrific business. And when I say terrific, I'm talking for the customer. Because if it's terrific for the customer, it's ultimately going to be terrific for us and reflect in other ways. So those are just some of the reasons that we have a differentiated product. 
Stephen Schwarzman: I think if you look at our marks, particularly in Real Estate, you try and be accurate. It's always hard when you're marketing to a disposition. And the firm has always been conservative in our approaches to things. And I don't know the exact number, LT, but in terms of our realizations in Real Estate, just for example, just use Real Estate and -- though it's quite similar in Private Equity, that we tend to actually realize significantly more than that mark. And that -- given the volatility of markets, it's very hard to get this right, very complex valuation that we go through with a lot of assumptions. We have it verified with different outside groups and internal groups, and we try and do a really thorough job. But the way this tends to break historically has a bias for lower marks and higher realization. So although in a really adverse market environment, of course, that wouldn't be the case. And so -- but I think that when you look at a 4% mark, and I can't really address what happened in an individual quarter, but the trends Tony's talking about, and there's one more trend, when you hold this stuff in a recovering environment for financial institutions, that if you imagine an environment at some future time where credit extension and real estate in the United States, for example, goes back to more historic ratios on properties, that additional value that will accrue from the increased value of those properties will go almost dollar for dollar to us, as the holder of the real estate. So in other words, if you thought the properties were appreciating at a certain rate, but you could finance at a 75% or 80% as opposed to a 60% to 65%. So the return on equity for the owner, the new owner, will be about the same. So that'll push the price up of what people can pay beyond just the fundamentals of increasing rents and increasing occupancies. And giving that up to satisfy some type of target for realizations is something we just wouldn't do. It's sort of like being a farmer. When you plant the seeds and the stuff's coming up and you know where you stand, you've got another 2 months to grow your crop but you just sort of decide to wake up and whack it because somebody wants you to do it. I mean, why would you do that as a farmer, unless you thought that the price for that crop was going to completely collapse and you're better off just hitting the market. And we don't see that happening. And part of what we do is try and figure out that equation, if you will, and sell at the optimal time. 
Stephen Schwarzman: I think you're absolutely right, Howard, and it's part of the flaw in sort of the model of going back and raising funds simply because you spent or invested the last one. And in different points in the firm's 26.5-year history, we've actually faced the dilemma where LPs want some money from realizations, and sometimes it's at a period where there is relatively low liquidity or values in the world. And they need money and they can't commit to new funds if they don't have any money, and they want the money just generally. And we do work for them, after all, right? They're the customer. And when you hit that point in the cycle, occasionally, you accelerate things because it's good for the LPs, and you can tell them you think you can get more. And sometimes they say, "Well, that's fine." But that happens more around that moment in the life of a fund, and I think everybody's sort of frustrated with that a little bit. I mean, if I didn't have to go on the road and -- being a Hare Krishna, I'd be just as happy. And in fact, I think my wife would be happier. And the LPs complain about having these endless meetings with people like Tony or me or whatever and all the other Tony and me's that show up. On the other hand, nobody quite knows how to break that cycle. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes. So I'm glad Tony loves them. I actually love them when I'm there. It's just getting there and transporting your body around the world that isn't completely as much fun. But if we had a different model for this business of keeping money forever and letting it compound for people, I think that ultimately would be a better model. But that's not the way the industry grew up. LPs actually don't like losing control of that measurement system. We've thought about other ways to go about it, but we haven't been able to come up to -- with anything that totally works for LPs and works for ourselves yet. But if you've got any ideas, Howard, we're open-minded on that one. 
Stephen Schwarzman: I think that's going to happen and Credit is actually a business where -- because of Basel III, and that's not going to stop. And almost forget Basel III, you've got individual countries that are way tighter than Basel III, really severely constraining credit extension. But that our ability to, like, put money out at a terrific rate compared to what -- where central banks have jammed rates down to on a risk-adjusted basis, this stuff is like really fantastic. And I think that, that zone for mezz, whether it's stated as '12, '13 or '14, when people go out to raise money, we've been doing, like, dramatically better. Risk-adjusted, that is a great, great place to be, and I can see us very rapidly refilling that bucket because we keep pouring it out into new really interesting investments. So that investment cycle, I think, is going to be shorter, certainly, than the Private Equity cycle. The Real Estate bucket, you can have the same thing happen because we're seeing so much stuff now. From the perspective of you modeling the firm, this is like -- this is really wonderful for us. And it's great for our investors and it's great for the firm, because that velocity is really -- it's the right point in the cycle for this stuff. 
Stephen Schwarzman: There will be, on the corporate side, relatively -- I hate to predict things because sometimes I say things and they're true, but I'm not really looking for this to be reported. But I think they'll be relatively low large portfolios of corporate loans as -- that Joan was talking about. And from spending time in Europe myself, and a lot of that, the corporate loan stuff has been -- which is much more liquid, has either been already sold or they're prepared to live with that. The Real Estate side is different, and that comes in different countries in different ways. But the approach that we're having, because there isn't really a junk market and we put out money at the bottom and because you're going to have a general refinancing problem in Europe because of Basel III and supplementary regulations from countries, if that's where the action is, then that's what we do. And we do it in the States through a rescue lending fund in mezz, and we'll be doing it there as well. And that's going to be a very big market. And our partner went there, has actually -- I was back at our board meeting we had on Tuesday and I'd say trip, Tony, was like really excited about it, what he's doing there and all the opportunities and how we can deploy things. And unlike some other people who compete with us who are both raising a fund or moving to Europe and staff, I mean, we're there in huge size. So it's good for us. Another thing that is good for us is that because we're borrowing from all these banks, both in Real Estate and Private Equity, and have ongoing business relationships, we also do some advisory work for some of these people, that it's very easy for us to get to a lot of these sellers as opposed to just showing up and being sort of the new person in town, saying, "I've got some money, do something with me." The European world is, on the margin, a more relationship community than the U.S., which, on the margin, is more transactional. So I think that also works for us in this area. 
