Jonathan Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Blackstone continues to deliver. At our Investor Day last fall, we outlined several targets for the firm and I am pleased to say that we are meeting and in many cases, outpacing those objectives. We've raised more capital including faster growth in our perpetual vehicles, successfully launched multiple new business lines in the areas we outlined and advanced against our financial targets.We describe the line of sight on a $150 billion of capital inflows for the second half of 2018 and full-year 2019. We now expect that number to be approximately $190 billion. Our four largest flagship funds totaling $67 billion have essentially been raised with demand beyond the caps we placed on them.Importantly, the majority of our inflows over this period came from other strategies around the firm, including a growing mix of perpetual capital vehicles, which typically raise capital on a continuous basis. This highlights a powerful trend in our business that the firm has diversified far beyond the more episodic nature of our traditional drawdown funds.We now manage $97 billion of this perpetual capital, up from $64 billion at the time of our Investor Day. Our real estate core plus platform has grown to $42 billion, up 25% over the past year, across four perpetual capital vehicles including BREIT, our non-traded REIT.Inflows at BREIT reached $2.4 billion in the quarter and AUM now exceeds $10 billion, up 2.5 fold in one-year. Demand is growing as we add new distribution channels and partners. This reflects a potent combination of retail investors' desire to access private real estate, the strength of the Blackstone brand in our differentiated investment approach.We believe BREIT has the potential to become one of the largest economic contributors to Blackstone as a firm. We are also adding other products to what is already the deepest and most diverse menu available to retail investors from any alternatives firm.We remain on track to achieve a record $25 billion of inflows from retail this year. Other emerging areas of the firm are ramping nicely as well. Our secondaries business is up a remarkable 60% year-over-year to $34 billion of AUM on the back of strong performance, 14% net returns annually since inception.We continue to expand from private equity secondaries into complementary adjacencies such as infrastructure secondaries and now our new Impact business. There is a structural shortage of capital in secondaries creating enormous opportunities for deployment. In fact, our new flagship fund launched earlier this year is already over 40% committed.We've also talked about pushing into faster growth areas like life sciences, growth equity in Asia. I'm pleased to say we've now launched fundraisers for dedicated vehicles in both life sciences and growth equity, and we expect to be back in the market next year with our successor Private Equity Asia fund. Overall, the fundraising pipeline remains very active.Turning to investing. The scale of our capital puts us in a differentiated position as we deploy globally. In real estate with our new European fund largely complete along with our global and Asia funds, we have nearly $40 billion of opportunistic investment capital, by far the largest in the world.In private equity, we have over $30 billion with our new global fund, Asia, and our energy business. Unlike in public markets, scale in private investing is a key advantage. Our size and reach allow us to better navigate a challenging investment environment. We deployed $16 billion in the quarter and a record $62 billion over the last 12 months with an additional $13 billion committed to pending deals.Our real estate business was particularly active in the quarter, and our new global fund is nearly 20% committed only four months after launching. Global logistics remain a key theme with the GLP and Colony transactions.We also agreed to privatize a Canadian public company that owns German office buildings, kicking off the investment period for our new European Real Estate Fund. And just last week for BREIT, we announced the sale leaseback on the iconic Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas, another great example of how scale and conviction set us apart. All of this deployment is planting the seeds for future performance revenues and with nearly a $150 billion of dry powder, we have significant firepower to find and create value for our limited partners.In closing, the firm is in terrific shape. Investor affinity for the Blackstone brand is stronger than ever. For our shareholders, the conversion has made our stock much easier to own. We remain committed to zero share count dilution, and with no net debt and virtually no need for capital, we can continue to payout essentially all of our earnings through dividends and share repurchases. We believe this represents a highly attractive value proposition.And with that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Jonathan Gray: Good question, Craig. Hello, good morning. So I would say a couple things. First, it's obviously not an easy investment environment and I think our biggest advantage in many cases is our scale. The ability to do very large transactions is helpful. And in all of those deals you listed, I think the smallest of the group was probably $3 billion. And so in an environment where it's hard to find interesting opportunities, focusing on larger ones, particularly given the scale of our funds, is very helpful.The other thing I would say is we are increasingly thematic in the way we're deploying capital. So in a world where economic growth is pretty muted and multiples are high, what you want to find is sectors you have real conviction around. And so for us, a global logistics has been a major theme. We've talked about it at length. We bought more than a billion square feet around the world over the last nine years, and we continue to like that area and you saw two big transactions.We're also a big fan around live entertainment because even though many things are moving online, people still need physical activities, things they want to do. And so you see that with Great Wolf in the water park space, you see that with Merlin is the second largest theme park operator and even the Bellagio, which we did in BREIT. So I would say it's a smaller number of big themes we're believing in, it's an emphasis on scale and as always, businesses where we think we can intervene to make a difference.And I would finally say that the expansion of sort of breadth of the platform puts us in a unique position. If you're just narrowly focused in private equity or in certain parts of the credit universe, you can't do as much. But because we have capital that sort of runs up and down the risk return spectrum, BREIT is a great example. Two years ago, we could not have done the Bellagio sale leaseback. So as the platform broadens, it gives us a broader universe to invest in. So overall headline, we're still finding interesting things, but it's not an easy environment to find them.
Jonathan Gray: No, I would say nothing has changed. I think the hard part is, as you know on realizations, is they can be a little bit lumpy. I mean, we have – the good news is the net accrued carry, as Michael pointed out, is at the highest level in four years, which is a very good forward indicator, but predicting the timing is tough, because what we're focused on is maturing these investments, maximizing value for our investors and when it's the right moment, exiting. And therefore, you can have individual quarters that are very strong.So nothing has fundamentally changed in terms of our approach to how we think about realizations. We're always thinking about our investors and generating the most favorable return for them and when the timing is right, we exit. And so I think over time, we'll continue to produce nice realizations, just predicting that timing is not easy.
Jonathan Gray: Julie, if we have a few more in the queue, we can just pick up the queue or maybe we should re-prompt here for everyone to – give another chance to dial in.
Jonathan Gray: So what we've seen in secondaries is directly related to the growth in alternatives. The market is growing at high-single digits, all of you know, and at the same time, you also have relatively limited liquidity. Historically, it's been about 2% of the market that trades hands and I think there are more participants who would like liquidity. So you have that 2% growing and then the overall market growing, and there is a relatively small number of scale players.And in the case of our SP business, they have a really unique footprint owning interest in thousands of funds, which gives them a real competitive advantage, particularly on larger scale transactions where there is a large range of funds.So this is really part of this mega trend of growth in alternatives, SP is uniquely, I think, well positioned here and as LP, say, hey, I want to sell older vintage funds, a new CIO is hired who wants to change their strategy and they say, I want to clear out these 40 fund interests with the weighted average seven-year vintage, that creates an opportunity because there is a small number of competitors. And we're seeing growing volume of sellers. So I think this business has the potential to continue to grow.As I mentioned, infrastructure is growing. We're raising our next vintage there. We're just completing raising our real estate secondaries platform. We have impact and the mainline private equity vehicle has deployed quickly and I think it could continue to scale as alternative scale.It's similar in our stakes business, which we have in BAAM where we buy stakes in alternative managers. Again, the growth in alternatives, as we see this really large shift where capital is moving increasingly to ETF managers in the liquid markets in passive strategies, it's also at the same time moving into alternative. So for our secondaries stakes are beneficiaries beyond our core business where we get direct inflows.
Jonathan Gray: So I would say the market response to the team in the strategy has been quite good. We expect to have a first closing in this fourth quarter. I just think it's something that investors like because it's differentiated and not correlated with many other things in their portfolio, and we have a terrific team executing the strategy.In terms of size, I think I'll probably stay away from that, but this is a business that I think over time could grow to be very large with the opportunity to generate high multiples of invested capital, just because the life science area is such a big space and there is relatively little private capital and scale, most of it in the very early stage BC area, so we're quite excited about our life sciences business.
Stephen Schwarzman: So what I'd say is it's becoming increasingly a story of sort of haves and have nots and it's not only in the equity market IPOs. We're seeing the same thing in the debt markets as well, which is investors are now taking a closer look at underlying business models, particularly in the equity markets businesses that do not have a near-term path to profitability and consume a lot of capital are facing headwinds.And if you look at other faster growing companies that are profitable, actually the market response is pretty good. We were able to get some secondaries done in the last quarter in some healthy businesses we own.So I would say the equity markets are still in pretty good shape, investors are receptive to good companies. But the idea you can sort of show up with the business and say, hey look, I'll start making money six or seven years from now that's becoming increasingly difficult.And I think for market participants, that's a healthy sign. I think the danger in markets is when you get excesses, when you get bubbles. The fact that stock market investors are saying deliver and I'll reward you, it's not going to be just a trust me environment with excesses building up. I think that's good for the market's overall.
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes, Mike. I think you're right about the headline. What we're seeing globally is the low rates in U.S., Europe, Japan, frankly all over the world, the Koreans lowered their rates, a week and a half ago as well, is people are looking for higher returns. And we're seeing more capital flows into alternatives, and as the market leader in the space, we're seeing the biggest flows. So that is the positive backdrop.In terms of the challenges, yes, I think obviously deployment is a question. The good news is, it is a big investable world. We have lots of pools of capital, we have lots of geographies we can invest in, but that's always a challenge, particularly in things that are more fixed income oriented. So in infrastructure and real estate, there's probably – makes it a little bit harder to deploy capital at times, although as I said earlier, our scale has proven again and again to be a real advantage for us.And then I think, in terms of economic growth, it could be as a result of geopolitical factors, trade factors, a slowdown, obviously, makes it harder to deploy capital. Although it impacts our current values dislocation with our $150 billion of capital could reset prices so that can also be a positive for us.But when we look at the overall market, privates are still, I think a relatively low percentage, particularly in the corporate world of the investable universe. So we don't feel like we've sort of penetrated and therefore, we're limited in what we can invest in.And back to this point of raising Perpetual Capital, which in many cases, has lower return expectations, longer hold periods. Could be Core Private Equity, could be some of our direct lending platforms and credit, core-plus real estate. That makes it easier. As you persist in a lower for longer environment, if there wasn't an economic downturn, yes, it gets harder to produce the highest returning strategies.But overall today, this sort of low growth, sort of environment we've been in has been pretty good for the business and if it continues, I think will continue to be able to deploy capital and obviously continue to be able to raise a lot of capital. Go ahead.
Stephen Schwarzman: Jeremy – great connecting of the dots and I think we'll just refer you back to my comments on the call, which are – we're quite confident about that target that we set out better than $1.70 and so the outperformance on inflows over that time period that Jon alluded to, $190 million versus $150 million is supportive of that confidence.
Michael Chae: And Alex, it's Michael. I just add, you asked about pricing and our team in SP would say basically pricing and discounts to NAV have been stable relative to history. So they've been able to deploy a lot of capital into that pricing environment and they do it, as Jon mentioned, both by having the capability to do larger deals, which are somewhat less efficient.And then also a high volume of smaller deals, which has really been their calling card for years, they can – they really have a high throughput in that respect and are very efficient transactors.
Michael Chae: Yes. We lost the end. I think you want sort of color on energy and our credit business. Look, overall, Energy and our Credit segment is – it's about 15% of the overall portfolio and for the firm as a whole, around the high single-digits. The majority of our overall energy portfolio is in the midstream sector, which is very healthy area of great fundamentals.The part that we talk about more that's been more challenge is upstream, but that is a relatively small percentage, low-single digit for the firm overall and for GSO sort of mid-single digit percentage of their whole portfolio.Now the distressed cluster, we talk a lot about and we highlight energy is part of that. That's because energy, sort of definitionally and structurally, is a big part of distress market. I do want to highlight, though as much as we talked about it, just for the distressed cluster within GSO is only about 10% or 11% of the overall business and so we need to sort of put that in context.We did mention that both last quarter, in this quarter, sort of all of the return to traction in those results last quarter and this quarter were from upstream and from certain discrete upstream energy investments. And overall, we think our energy business in GSO as well as in private equity is terrifically positioned.As I mentioned, we are sort of the firm and the guy with money in a market that doesn't have – that's out of it, and we see substantial opportunities ahead in an environment with great dislocation. So we're highlighting that is a driver of that performance in the distressed cluster. That's a relatively manageable-sized portion of the overall GSO business and the performance challenges have really pertained to a couple of discrete investment.I also want to mention that we are focused on monetization in the GSO upstream portfolio, two of its portfolio companies announced in the last week asset sale transactions that actually fully repay our debt in those deals. With the Q4 close, we're in advanced discussions on another deleveraging transaction in that upstream portfolio in GSO. So there is positive momentum as well within the portfolio.
Michael Chae: Hey, Craig, it's Michael. And we've had this conversation in the past in our – I think our perspective is consistent, which is we're happy with and committed to our current dividend policy. As Jon mentioned, our balance sheet light model and our cash flow generation allows us to dividend basically 85% of our DE and also use the balance to repurchase shares. So I think overall the market is happy with that right now and we have no plans to change at this point.
