Steve Schwarzman: Good morning and thank you, Weston and thank you everyone else for joining our call. Blackstone reported excellent results for the third quarter, characterized by strong growth in our key financial metrics as well as industry record assets under management and inflows for the last 12 months. Jon and Michael will review our results in more detail, but as we highlighted a few weeks ago, at our Investor Day in New York, our firm has never been stronger or the outlook more promising. We continue to execute on our mission to be the best in the world at what we do, which is to deliver outstanding returns to our limited partner investors across an ever expanding array of strategies, which also translates to great results for our shareholders. When we execute on this mission consistently and over long periods of time, our LPs entrust us with more and more of their capital, including $125 billion of inflows for the past 12 months, driving total AUM up 18% to $457 billion. The market backdrop has become more turbulent recently as everyone knows, with risk assets around the world impacted by growing concerns around macro issues. These include rising interest rates in the United States, trade tensions, emerging markets weakness and geopolitical risks in Europe. Taken together, these issues add up to more uncertainty and volatility in an already complex investment environment. However, the US economy remains in great shape by nearly any measure. Growth is strong, confidence is high and there aren't any signs of the excess we saw ahead of the last down cycle. Interest rates are likely to continue moving higher, but if that happens in alignment with better growth, which we believe is likely, that should help offset some of the downward pressure on multiples. On trade, although our companies have modest direct exposure, progress has been made, including resolution on NAFTA, which has got some new name, USMCA, which we expected, but got done within two hours of the deadline. On China, trade issues have now been joined by technological and geopolitical concerns. As a result, it’s likely to take some time to reach agreement on each of these matters. I think it is worthwhile to briefly remind you of the benefits of long term, locked up capital in times like these. We are not forced to invest nor are we forced to sell and we do neither, unless we have a strong conviction that the asset or company will generate a good return for our investors. We're always looking around the world for interesting investment opportunities and where we can match great talent against those opportunities to build a scaled business as we go ahead. One of these new areas is Blackstone Life Sciences. We previewed this to you on Investor Day and two weeks later, we announced the acquisition of Clarus, a leading life sciences firm to jumpstart our efforts. Although this business will not initially have a material impact on our financials, it has great potential over time, given the rapid advancements in science and innovation occurring in this sector and the current lack of funding and operational resources. And we have many other promising new initiatives underway at Blackstone. As we continue to grow, our key differentiators remain our people and our culture, which were on full display at Investor Day. If you attended or watched the replay on blackstone.com, thank you for dedicating a few hours of your time to learn more about our firm. If you haven't, I highly encourage you to do so. You'll see why at Blackstone, we’re so optimistic about the future and why I personally believe the best is yet to come. And now, I'll turn the things over to Jon.
Steve Schwarzman: Sure. So I would start by noting like everybody, we've been concerned about what we've been reading in the last couple of weeks. That said, for us, we take a long term approach, both to our relationships and to building businesses. So, I would just say as it relates to our investors, we have relationships with them, their institutions over decades. And when we look forward, we've made commitments that often are a decade or longer. And so we think of ourselves as long term responsible stewards of capital and that's core to our business and will stay that way. Specifically, around infrastructure, what I'd say is, again, we're building for us a long term business here. We obviously started with a large anchor commitment, but just to put some framework around it, what we did was we identified an opportunity in infrastructure. That said, there's $2 trillion of capital needed in the US over time, so there is a big scale opportunity here. We should build a world class team, which we've been doing over the last really a year or so when we put in place some wonderful people, including Sean Klimczak from Blackstone. We've raised a dedicated fund at this point, with $5 billion of capital. We’ve started to identify opportunities and hopefully over the next couple of quarters, we'll start to announce those and the plan then is to build this business to scale. Specifically, as it relates to our fund raising and the concerns you raise, yes, in the short term, we may get some questions, but the key thing to remember is our investors know that Blackstone is the sole GP of the capital. We have 100% discretion as to where we invest, when we invest, how we manage the assets, how we sell. And so, investors have enormous confidence in us, which is why we feel like this business is very much on the path to growing to large scale, regardless of obviously some near term challenges.
Steve Schwarzman: Sure. So, I'd start with -- it's very much consistent with what we've been talking about on the last few calls and in Investor Day, which is a bit of a pivot towards growth at the firm. So, we've been talking about Asia where we just closed on two new funds in private equity and real estate, over time, doing more in tacking growth equity and then here in the life science space, we feel like there's a lot of opportunity over time. Again, a bit like my infrastructure comments, the focus is on where is there a large scale opportunity. And when you look in the life science area, what we're seeing is there is a very large pipeline of drugs that it costs an awful lot of money and resources to bring them to market, particularly as they get towards the phase 3 trials later on in their process. So, we said, gosh, wouldn't it be terrific, if we had more operating capability. So, we identified the opportunity, we talked to a lot of people in the space, we found a world class organization in Clarus that has terrific people, expertise and a great track record. We also, at our firm, have a lot of expertise ourselves, given we've been one of the largest healthcare investors out there and in real estate, we’re the second largest owner of life science office buildings. So, scale opportunity, great people to go after this and then of course over time build this to be larger. Today, they're managing funds of roughly $1 billion in size. We think over time, given the scale of opportunity and talking with our partners at Clarus, they think we think something much larger will be attractive to the market and we think our institutional investors will respond well to this. But again, we've got a -- we have to identify an area where we think we can really deliver for investors and do it in size. That's what we're going to do here. It won't happen overnight, but I can tell you since the announcement, what's interesting is just how much our phones and their phones have been ringing. And it speaks to a lot of companies out there, particularly large pharmaceutical companies who want to do more, but are a bit constrained, either by resources, either capital or the process to bring these drugs to run the clinical trials. So, we think this partnership with Clarus is very exciting.
Steve Schwarzman: Yeah. I would just echo what Tony said, which is for us, the ideal acquisition target is relatively small. It gives us key talent, expertise, relationships, but then when you put it into the Blackstone system, you get incredible growth. We saw that clearly with GSO. We've seen that with our secondaries business, SP, we expect the same thing here. That's the formula. We don't really want to go out and pay a lot of money for AUM. We’d like to acquire and integrate great talent that shares our values and then help them grow at a much faster rate than they did before.
Steve Schwarzman: On the comp question, it's sort of the same answer as the margin question. On a quarter over quarter basis, there can be fluctuations intra year on comp. Accruals, and if you look at sort of the year-to-date, either on margin or comp ratios, they're pretty in line. So, I think those will work themselves out over time. In terms of the, on the real state side, Jon, if you want to handle this. Look, we, I would say there's, first of all, as a firm overall, we've talked about this before, as it relates to euro and to a certain degree, pound exposure, based on the euro and pound denominated liabilities we have at the firm level, we actually have a natural financial hedge in place, relative to currency fluctuations in euros and pounds at our fund level. And what you saw this quarter in real estate was actually lesser about the euro, which was obviously pretty stable in the quarter. And more about some other currencies, Asian currencies. And it varies by region, but we certainly look at, from a debt and interest rate structure standpoint, at the deal level, hedging that out. At the equity level, as you know, for example, in the case of the euro, we have a euro denominated fund and so investing in Europe and so that largely effectively acts as a natural hedge as well there. Hedging your equity in a long term illiquid deal, whether it's private equity or real estate opportunistic, that's a different matter, that can be expensive, and so that's -- that's a different kettle of fish, but the point is, in a number of different ways, at the firm level, at the fund level and at the deal level, we deal with currency exposure.
Michael Chae: Craig, we’ll get you those numbers. In terms of -- what's not currently earning management fees, within our total AUM, Craig, it's about $52 billion. That's on our management fee eligible assets. And I think in terms of the -- just stepping back broadly, in terms of the uplift, the portion of that obviously will earn fees upon investment and a portion of that will earn fees upon activating the funds and I think rather than try to quantify that exact subset, it is all part of, over the next couple of years, the overall uplift in FRE that we've talked quite explicitly about.
Michael Chae: Correct. We think that dry powder number of 95 billion and this won't be surprising math. Over the next several quarters, we’ll well exceed $100 billion by quite a bit.
Michael Chae: One thing to remember is, with the interest rate so much lower now than they were the last cycle, the debt -- service coverage ratios are actually much higher than they were in ’07 and ’08. So, absent a big recession, these credits should be fine.
Michael Chae: Sure. It’s Michael. It’s a good question. I think when you mentioned lumpiness, that's right in the short term. So, in terms of the quarter-over-quarter movement, that was primarily due to what can often happen quarter-over-quarter intra-year, which is slight movements in comp accruals. And so that was probably the biggest factor there. And then as you also mentioned, there was a slight drag from a margin standpoint in terms of the ramping of a number of our initiatives, which obviously will mature and scale in the near term. And we think adjust that margin headwind out into something closer to the historic levels. So we're in that period where -- and then the other factor of course is, we are still lapping, having Franklin Square in the business a year ago and that's a third factor. So I'd say, in the next couple of quarters, given that we exited the -- and monetized the Franklin Square business in the second quarter of this year, we'll have a couple more quarters of lapping that comparison. You'll continue to see ramping of -- in a positive way of our initiatives and we think our long term margin trajectory, as we talked about at Investor Day will continue to be a very strong one.
Michael Chae: Sure, and that's obviously out several years, but what I would say is currently and over the near term, the next year or so, the percentage added to FRE, if you will, by the performance fees, the recurring performance fee from current capital are in the mid-single digits basically, 5%, 6%, 7%. And then a couple of few years out, it'll get up to more like 10% to 15% and so that's sort of the math around that.
Jon Gray: I think that's a good question. I think if you had a sharp correction in the market, you could see a bit of a slowdown in fund raising. That's a natural response, but I think your earlier point, the most important one, which is performance and what we've seen over time at the firm is really strong performance, means, we have the ability to raise capital. I go back to some of the funds we raised, I think it was our seventh opportunistic real estate fund in 2010, ’11, very difficult time to raise capital and we raised a much larger fund than our previous fund, as investors pulled back from opportunistic real estate, but allocate a lot to us, given performance. So one of the reasons we highlight on these calls, our performance, it was in Steve's comments and mine and Michael's is, that is the essence of the firm. And so I think your confidence that we'll be able to raise capital sort of regardless of environment is a result of the returns we've generated for investors. So short answer is yes, sharp declines in markets can slow fund raising, but the key thing and we're seeing this of course in long only managers who are facing more pressure, if you don't deliver differentiated performance, the money doesn't flow your way. In our case, in the near term and over the last 30 years, we've done that and we're continuing to see more inflows to Blackstone.
Jon Gray: So, we take a long term approach to China. It's the second largest economy in the world. I think, it's forecasted at some point over the next decade or two to be the largest economy in the world. As a result, it's a place where we should be and are deploying capital. In the near term, what's going on with some of the trade tensions can slow growth there and may make it a little more challenging, although, I would point out oftentimes when perceptions are negative, that creates interesting investment opportunities. So the stock market there has gone down a fair amount. That may create opportunities. You may have seen with us in the UK in the last, just in this last quarter, we announced a large deal in private equity and one in real estate. Obviously, we like everybody have concerns around Brexit and yet what we've seen at the same time is a lot of investors pull back. So, we are long term believers in China certainly and the current dislocation could create some opportunities, but we're aware that the economy there is slowing down in the near term.
Jon Gray: Important question. We've talked about it on the last few calls and the good news here is we've been really focused across all our business units, talking about this in our management and operating committee, anticipating at some point here rates would turn. So if you look across the business, I think we're -- you can't be insulated completely, but I think we're about as well positioned as we could be. In our credit area, with GSO, our [indiscernible] real estate debt area, 75 plus percent of our assets are floating rate. So we actually benefit in a rising rate environment. In our BAM hedge fund area, we have a lot of significant hedges in place, anticipating a higher rate environment, again very helpful to that business. In private equity, 60 plus percent of our debt is fixed rate, anticipating higher rate environments and our companies are really focused on growing EBITDA and cash flows, either through being in good secular sectors or in our ability to add a lot of value. And so that growth I think is very helpful again in the rising rate environment. And then in real estate, we've really been looking at this over time, anticipating -- frankly thought it would happen sooner that rates would go up. So if you look at our opportunistic portfolio, our largest holdings are not bond like assets. They're faster growing assets. So global logistics, which is our largest position obviously has very good fundamentals, because of what's happening with online sales. We have big exposure to single family housing in the US and Spain, both areas where you're seeing very strong growth, life science, office buildings in the US and other area I mentioned earlier, strong growth and Indian office building. So, a lot of emphasis on growth as opposed to bond like assets. Similarly, if you looked at BREIT, our non-traded REIT, what you’d see there is multifamily housing, logistics and hotels make up close to 100% of the portfolio, which is different than a typical real estate portfolio today. So, we've pivoted more towards growth to help the portfolio, which we definitely think was an important decision we made on behalf of our investors. And then on the flip side, I think this rising rates of course can cause market corrections and investment opportunities. So the REIT market has pulled back a fair amount, public equity markets have gone a little bit sideways generally and so I think with our dry powder, we're well positioned if we do see a pullback here.
Jon Gray: Yes. So, we continue to see good signs in terms of obviously the US economy where the bulk of our assets sit. Revenue growth, over the last 12 months, call it mid-single digits and EBITDA growth, high single digits and that's obviously positive for equity values. We've seen strength in the energy space. Some of our technology oriented businesses are doing well. Generally, we're seeing pretty good things. Even, our European businesses, despite slower growth there are performing well. So on the ground, the facts feel pretty good. If you said what's the things our CEOs and we do our quarterly flash report asking our CEOs about what's happening across the range of their businesses. The two big concerns, we focus and all of us do a lot on the tariff discussion, but if you ask our CEOs, the biggest concerns are finding and retaining talent and what’s the potential risk on the wage side. So that's one. The second area is technological disintermediation. So, those are the two areas they're focused, but generally, the sentiment around what's happening consistent with what you see in consumer sentiment and broader gauges of corporate sentiment, the sentiment in our portfolios is very positive.
Jon Gray: So I would say what we're talking about with Clarus is not necessarily integrations, mergers, those sort of things and a wide range of buying -- a company that has a wide range of drugs and so forth. What we're talking about specifically, their business has been focused on corporate partnerships, where they sit down with pharmaceutical companies and identify drugs that are promising, but don't make maybe the top tier list for that company, but given the right resources to get through the clinical trials and the right amount of capital that there's a high degree of confidence that this can become a commercially advantageous thing to do. And if you look at the Clarus track record, in this discrete area, they have had tremendous success. So I think this is different than broad based sort of big pharma M&A.
