Jon Gray: Infrastructure is clearly an area with a lot of potential for us. As a reminder, our program is less than six years old at this point, and we're already at $44 billion. The key, like building everything we do is delivering performance for the customers. Sean Klimczak and the team have delivered 15% net returns since inception in an open ended vehicle, which is different than many of the other players in the space. We think that is a very powerful model because it allows us to partner with other long term holders and it matches the duration of the capital to long duration infrastructure. We positioned the business in three big areas; transportation infrastructure, coming out of COVID; energy and energy transition, obviously, a very important area today for a whole host of reasons; and then digital infrastructure, which Michael pointed out, has been the biggest driver of value both in real estate and in infrastructure and across the firm in this most recent quarter. So we think we've done a really exceptional job deploying the capital. We have a lot of clients who are quite pleased. I think the base business can grow. And I think there are opportunities geographically to expand this. Our current fund is focused primarily on the US but we've done a number of large things in Europe. And I think there's opportunities in infrastructure in both Europe and Asia over time, and it's an area that we have real strength. I would add to the mix, infrastructure credit, something we're doing as well. And interestingly, when you think about what we're doing for insurance clients, what we have in infrastructure and things like digital infrastructure, green energy, it's very helpful for investment grade debt as well given our insights and relationships. So this is an area where we're still seeing investors showing a lot of enthusiasm. I think it will continue to be a growth area on the back of what we built. I think we can create other products. And we see this growing to be, I think, as we've talked about in previous calls, a triple digit AUM business.
Jon Gray: As we've talked about and you noted, there have been two big headwinds here. One in the office sector, specifically in the US where we have very little exposure, the impact of remote work and also capital needs in older office buildings. The second thing has just been the movement upward in interest rates and the rise in spreads that happened. And both of those, I believe, peaked back in October and that has really worked its way through the market. Interestingly, of course, there'll still be plenty of challenging headlines from assets that were financed in a different environment as they work their way through the system, and that's sort of -- it's almost as if something happened to a ship at sea and then it comes ashore. We saw this after the financial crisis where real estate values bottomed in that summer of '09 but you had negative headlines in real estate for the next three years. We spent a lot of that time, of course, deploying capital into that dislocated period where people were still cautious. What gives us confidence as we look forward here is one is this reduction in cost of capital. We've obviously seen spreads tighten a fair amount, probably 125 basis points in CMBS in the first quarter and through the end of the fourth quarter last year. We also saw CMBS issuance go up fivefold versus the first quarter of 2023. So that -- and the fact that the Fed at some point here will be bringing rates down, and that's important as well. The other thing I'd add is on the supply front. We've seen in logistics an 80% decline in new starts. We've seen in multifamily a 50% decline in peak starts -- from peak starts as well. And so that starts to lay the groundwork. In terms of timing, I would think about this period of time is a time of seed planting that you want to be investing into this dislocation because there's a lot of uncertainty, there maybe [fore sellers], there maybe public companies trading at discounts. And then over time, as things start to normalize, you start to accelerate on the realization. But first, I think it's the deployment period then the realization period as you move out similar to that post GFC period, that's certainly the way we're playing it. And in terms of capital, we obviously have a very large $30 billion global fund. We said we've raised over 7.5 in Europe, we have most of our $8-plus billion Asia fund still uninvested. So a lot of opportunistic capital to deploy. So we're forward leaning as it relates to deployment, even though we recognize there's still going to be a lot of assets from the previous period working their way through the system.
Jon Gray: Well, I think it's a great question, Alex. One of the things we did when we designed BXPE was to make the platform as broad as possible so that we could scale the product and we could be flexible on behalf of investors in terms of where we deployed it. So control large scale private equity is part of it; US, Europe, Asia is part of it; Tactical Opportunities, more hybrid equity, part of it; life sciences growth, part of it; secondaries, infrastructure, some opportunistic credit. It's a very broad platform and it enables us to deploy a lot. One of the advantages of Blackstone is just our scale and the amount of deal flow we see across all these different areas. And particularly our connectivity with many other sponsors in the private equity space through our secondaries, our credit business, our GP stakes business, we can be great partners to those folks. Obviously, we can manufacture a lot of transactions ourselves. So we think the potential scale here is quite large. You pointed out BREIT scale, we're over $30 billion of equity, nearly $60 billion of assets in BCRED. We think this can grow a lot. The key is we have to deliver strong performance to the underlying customers. We have to be disciplined in how we deploy capital and thoughtful. I think we've been doing that. I think we'll continue to do that. And that's what gives us a lot of confidence, which is investors want exposure to private equity, individual investors want a little bit of a different structure, and that's why I think BXPE is so attractive. So I think as we come out of this period over the last two years where there's been a lot of caution and negativity, as market sentiment improves, as we show the strong performance from our other individual investor products, I think there's a potential here of pretty good size. Again, we've got to do a good job deploying capital but I've got a lot of confidence, particularly given the breadth of the platform. So the short answer is I think this can grow to be much larger than it is today.
Jon Gray: SRTs are an area we're very active. I think we're the market leader today in terms of working with our bank partners. For them, these are capital relief transactions, as you know, where you're sharing in or taking first loss positions. We've been doing this with a variety of banks who are highly creditworthy institutions. One of the advantages we have is the strength we have across asset ownership and also corporate and real estate credit. So if we do these with bank partners, we can go through them in detail. The most active area has been subscription lines to date, which as you probably know, subscription lines to private equity firms have had virtually no defaults over the last 30, 40 years. So we like that area. When we work in investment grade or noninvestment grade, much of it's been around revolvers, which historically have had much lower loss ratios. And we were able to go through these portfolios and look at the credits we're taking. We do this, of course, not as Blackstone but on behalf of our investors in various vehicles and funds. The returns -- we've been doing this, by the way, for a number of years. And I just think our ability to look at the underlying credit as opposed to just make a macro call is our competitive advantage and our ability to do this and scale with the bank. So I see this as a win-win. It helps banks with some of the Basel pressure, balance sheet pressures they have and we're able to generate favorable returns. So I think this is a very good thing for the system overall. I think we're doing it in a quite responsible way. Our team is very experienced in how they execute these transactions.
Jon Gray: Well, I do think it extends the investment window a bit for our $191 billion of dry powder. I think as people were getting closer to anticipating rate cuts, you saw big rallies in both equity and debt markets and that can make it a little bit tougher to deploy capital. In some ways, it's helpful for financings but it also can drive prices up. From our perspective, because we're buying assets so often for longer periods of time, the fact that a rate cut may happen 90 days or 180 days later is not really a long term negative and if anything, allows us to get into some assets at more favorable pricing. So the way I would think about it is it extends out to deployment period. It may slow some of the realizations and push them out a bit as well. But when we think about delivering value for our customers, we see it as a positive. Obviously, for businesses like our credit business, which is mostly floating rate, it enhances returns for our underlying customers. I do think it's important to note that unlike October and the end of the summer when rates moved and spreads really gapped out, we haven't seen that accompanying change. So market seem to be in a much healthier spot. But I do think it probably prolongs the investment window here. And as we keep saying, we're not going to wait for the all-clear sign. You saw a big ramp-up. We had $25 billion of deployment in the quarter. And I think in terms of commitments and then as of quarter end-plus beyond the quarter end, we have another $15 billion that's committed. So you're seeing us move. We did our first deal in growth in quite some time. Real estate, we've talked about, we’ve obviously accelerated there. In our secondaries business, the pipeline of deals we're looking at is about 2x where it was 90 days ago. So we're seeing a pickup in activity. It won't be everywhere. But I do think it creates more of a chance for us to deploy capital at prices we find attractive.
Jon Gray: Brian, it's hard to put numbers on things, so I'll talk about it directionally. I do think when rates go up, the market tends -- the public markets tend to move much more than what we see in the private market. So for real estate, I do think that creates more opportunity for scalable deployment as some of those stocks move on, particularly if the debt market hangs in there. And so that disconnect can create opportunity. We've seen a pickup in Europe in real estate as well, some of that relating to distress, and there's very negative sentiment, even though the fundamentals on the ground are actually pretty good in our chosen sectors. And we're seeing overall in Europe, I think there, we'll see rates come down more quickly than the US, which is helpful. So short answer, yes, it should help real estate deployment. On private credit, we've got a lot of momentum, particularly in the investment grade and asset based -- asset backed area, that's where we're probably most active right now. The need for capital around digital and energy infrastructure, enormous. The needs for power tied to digital infrastructure but also electrification of vehicles, reshoring, very significant. And there's going to be a huge need for capital. So we see that almost regardless of the interest rate environment. I do think on the direct lending side, we've seen some spread tightening. Rates coming down will be helpful to see deal activity and I think at that point, we'll see a pickup. But regardless, our pipeline and credit both on the investment grade and noninvestment grade size has accelerated. So it's hard to say exactly how this happens but we feel good about the momentum and deployment. And I use my very scientific briefcase indicator, how many investment memos I'm taking home over a weekend, and it’s definitely been trending up. So I think that bodes well. It's hard to predict exactly how it manifests itself. But it feels like, certainly, this will be a more active year than last year for deployment.
Jon Gray: So Ken, you pointed it out correctly. It's a bunch of different vehicles with different hurdle rates and different performance, some of which obviously are at higher levels, some at lower levels. It feels to us, as we've been talking about, that real estate has moved towards this lower ebb. And it's fortunately a cyclical business, right? When you stop building new supply, as the cost of capital comes down, you get a recovery, and if you look back over time to the early '90s after the 2001 downturn, certainly after the GFC. The great thing is these are long duration vehicles. The capital is going to stick with us for quite some time. And ultimately, we'll get other opportunities when these crystallization events come up. And so I would say the fact that we think we're positioned in some really good sectors, really good geographies, we have big exposure to logistics, in Europe in particular. We've got some really high quality -- we have data centers in some of our investment vehicles here as well. I would say, overall, it's a combination of the quality of what we own and the sentiment in the sector improving. And when that happens, we'll get these unrealized performance fees that happen on a regular basis. So to me, it's a matter of time. It goes to the larger issue of a large portion of our earnings in hibernation, the fact that we're still able to earn $0.98 even though incentive fees are well off what we think their long term potential are, realizations in our opportunistic funds and private equity funds below potential. I think there's a lot of embedded upside in this firm, and you pointed out to one area of BPP. It's hard to put an exact date because it's going to be a function of sort of the pace of the recovery. But we're pretty confident that commercial real estate over time recovers and that foundation is starting to come into place.
Jon Gray: And obviously, at very high multiples. Today, in the first quarter on our direct lending, the average loan to value was 44%. And now part of that, of course, is driven by the fact that interest costs to have coverage given the high base rates, there's only so much debt you can bear. So we're definitely not seeing reckless levels in any way in terms of what we've seen in terms of loan to value. Spreads have come down but on direct lending today are probably 500 over, still pretty good by historic standards. Interestingly, liquid markets have tightened far further. So if you look at investment grade or high yield, we've seen much more movement there. So we still see this as a sector where the risk return for lending money is quite favorable. If you're earning 500 over a base rate today, that's 5.5 plus upfront fees, you're earning 11.5% on an unleveraged basis if you put a little leverage better than that. So the risk return to us still feels compelling. Some sponsors [Technical Difficulty] risk for the common equity, not the capital structure. So overall, we have not seen signs of excess. And there's pretty good discipline in the market and that gives us a lot of confidence.
Jon Gray: And then on cost of capital, certainly a rising 10 year, not helpful, but I think it's important to put it into context. As you noted, it's lower than it was in October but also debt capital being so important. So if you went back to October, it was extremely difficult to borrow money. Spreads were much wider and banks were very reluctant to lend in the space. In the first quarter, as I noted, we've seen a fivefold increase in CMBS issuance. So the fact that debt capital is more available and the cost is meaningfully lower because of the spread not as much the base rates, that's a helpful sign. So it is more positive than it was six months ago. Backing up 10 year treasury, as I noted, not helpful. But the fact that overall, it does feel to us at some point here the Fed is going to bring rates down, there will be some downward pressure, that should be helpful. But the cost of capital overall coming down is helpful. And that's why we're seeing, even today, despite the backup in rates more folks showing up to buy assets than certainly we saw six months ago.
Jon Gray: So Bill, we see demand pretty broad based. Obviously, we have a lot of strength in US with the biggest distribution partners. We've been at this, as a reminder, for a very long time. We've got a lot of relationships with financial advisers and their underlying customers. The performance of our drawdown funds, the performance of BREIT, of BCRED, has created a lot of goodwill that we're able to tap into. And so I would say it's broad based in the US. We are seeing strength overseas as well. Japan is a market where we certainly have seen more openness to our products and we've had success there. Historically, some of the markets more tied to China, Hong Kong, Singapore are a little slower today, but we've had strength in those markets over time also. And Europe, I'd say, is an emerging market as is Canada. So I think it's a global story. It's still primarily US but it's growing. And within the US, what's interesting is we're still -- if you look at the penetration of financial advisors, still in the very early days. Really a small percentage are allocating to alternatives. And we think that can broaden quite significantly as these products deliver for clients as they begin to recognize the benefit of alternatives trading some liquidity for higher returns. So we think there's a lot of room to grow. And the fact that we have 300 plus people on Joan Solotar's team, we've got this very powerful brand, we've had strong performance. All of that, I think, bodes well for us and makes us a differentiated player in this space.
Jon Gray: So AI is obviously hugely important for our business, for the global economy. I would just frame this by saying, we set up our data science business back in 2015. We've got more than 50 people on that team today. We have focused historically on predictive AI, which is basically numbers in, numbers out. So you could look at a company and you could look at their pricing history and you could do much more sophisticated revenue management than human beings could do, similarly in terms of staffing. And we've been using that as a tool for investing for quite some time now and we'll continue to do this. And we've been pushing it out to some of our portfolio companies. I would point out also that Steve personally with his investments at MIT and Oxford has been a leader thinking about AI. And that has, I think, pushed the firm to try to do more in this space because we had more recognition something profound was happening here. I would say on the generative AI front, it's still very early days in terms of applications. The ability to take language and put that into the machine, produce language or videos, I think it will have a powerful impact, but that's going to take a bit of time. And what I think it will do most is impact customer engagement for many of our companies. I think it will also, on the content side, help in software development and media development. And we're working by hiring data scientists working with our teams, we hired a senior executive recently. But I'd still say on the generative side, it's early days. Now on the investing overall, what we've tried to do is focus on the infrastructure around AI and that is primarily data centers. And by going out there and investing in $50 billion of data centers that we own or have under construction and another $50 billion in development pipeline globally, which Steve talked about that really is the infrastructure. We're also spending a lot of time on power, which is a key necessity to build these data centers. And then we've made a number of investments around cloud companies, contractors building these, the whole ecosystem. So as a firm, we're trying to spend a lot of time. It's early days for us. The biggest impact has been around the infrastructure. But we're working hard to find ways to help our companies be more competitive, and we're certainly trying to make our investment process better. So an area definitely worth focusing on.
Jon Gray: So I think there's a lot of discussion around these areas. A lot of the focus has been around securitizations or synthetic securitizations, creating different ratings than a direct rating. A lot of the activities, though, that we've been talking about here have been literally doing private assets investment grade, and very similar to what insurance companies have been doing in commercial mortgages and private placement debt for decades. What we're really doing is taking that model of senior, what we believe safe debt on average A rated in infrastructure, in all forms of asset based finance, in residential finance and putting that directly on insurance company balance sheets. And I think regulators and participants see that as generally a good thing because it's generating higher returns. There's a little less liquidity. Although I would point out when you look at things like ABS bonds, there's not a lot of liquidity as it is, but there is a little less liquidity. But the risk profile of the assets is very much in line, if not safer, than what our clients have done historically. So I think there's going to be more scrutiny. As you know, in the insurance space, we made a conscious choice. We're not an insurance company. We really see ourselves more like BlackRock or PIMCO, what they do for liquid assets for insurance companies, we're doing a similar dynamic for insurance companies and private assets. And we think what we're doing is very sound, it saves, it generates, on average, 200 basis points of higher return than comparably rated liquid assets. We think this is a good thing for policyholders. So we think there will be a lot of dialog with regulators, but the activities we're focused on, we think will be well received over time.
Michael Chae: And Jon, I'd just add on, and I think you might agree that, I think if you step back, Mike, you could analogize it’s sort of the multi decade growth path of real estate, that business overall with respect to another area of relapse that's infrastructure, and that is geographic/regional expansion, expansion up and down the risk return spectrum, cross asset classes between equity and debt and also serving different customer channels, whether it's retail insurance or institutional. So that's another way to dimension it.
Michael Chae: I think my message is consistent. First of all, in terms of the actual result, as you noted in the first quarter, quite stable, quite consistent, quite in line with both the first quarter a year ago and the full year 2023. I think, as always, we guide people to look not at individual quarters but at sort of the -- on a full year basis. And I think on that basis, we would again encourage people to think about this as -- reinforce margin stability as a guidepost. And then, again, consistent with our message over a long time, on a longer term basis, we do think there's operating leverage built into our model. We obviously actively manage our cost structure. And we think long term, there is a -- it's a robust margin position that we’ll scale and leverage over time. So back to where we started, I would reinforce margin stability as the message and over the long term, feel optimistic about the ability to increase that.
Michael Chae: I think on the margins on the fee related performance revenues, there is variability over time. But I think it's important to point out, as a practical matter, we think about sort of fee revenues and comp holistically on a business by business basis. And so -- and that gives us the ability, I think, to manage that, I think, thoughtfully over time. So you'll see variability over the long run for BREP margins where some are aligned with the firm margin overall. But in the near term, you will see that move around based on the fact that we manage things holistically, I think, for the benefit of the firm and shareholders. On equity based comp, I think when you step back, there is seasonality in the first quarter around that line item. And sort of movements between, say, Q4 of last year and Q1 are affected by that as well as other puts and takes. But if you sort of step back and look at the kind of growth trajectory. In Q1, it grew about 19% year-over-year. That's lower than the 2023 overall growth rate, which was 23%. That, in turn, was about half the growth rate of 2022 overall. And so we do expect -- you are seeing this move lower over time given sort of stable grant levels and we think that's positive.
Michael Chae: Jon, I'll just chime in on that. Two things, one, to put a fine point on Jon's point about 44% loan to values, what that obviously means is, because these are mostly sponsored transactions with new equity being invested, that 56% of the capital structure on a new deal is being put up with cash equity junior to this debt from high quality sponsors. So that is sort of another dimension too that we think the risk reward here. And then on default rates, as I mentioned in my remarks, less than 40 basis points for our business in the first quarter. There is -- we are demonstrating -- because I think a couple of years ago, there were some concern in the marketplace about what would happen with the default rates for folks like us. There is differentiation, there is outperformance depending on the borrower selection and the individual private credit player. And so we're operating at a fraction, I think, of the overall market default rate, which is normalizing. So I think we feel really -- and that's while being a leader in deploying capital in private credit.
Michael Chae: Brennan, first, just on the data question in terms of the impact of the swaps, it was about 1 point out of the 1.8% net performance for BREIT.
