Jon Gray: Good question. I'll start with the BEPIF question, Glenn. I would say in Europe, the market -- overall market is not as large, of course, as the U.S., and its very early days for this type of product. And we're going to do it deliberately, we'll start with 1 distributor as we did go back on BREIT and then overtime, add others. But I think it could be meaningful. I think it's early days, there's a lot of savings in Europe as low yield. But alternatives are something that are a little different. The way real estate products historically have been distributed there have been different.  And we're a bit of a trailblazer, a bit like we were with VEREIT when we revolutionized the non-traded BREIT market. Here it's a little bit of virgin territory. We're starting out. I would say our expectations are we can't get likely not to get to the scale of BREIT. But we think it could be meaningful. It will take a number of years. What I would say in terms of other products is we think there is a potential to do more products. I don't think you're going to be surprised about that. That given the scale of our platform here at Blackstone, that there are other things we can do in multiple geographies and multiple asset classes.  I think the key consideration for us is that we deliver returns, that we're focused on our brand long-term and delivering for individual investors just as we do for institutions. We will do it in a deliberate and thoughtful way when we have the right program and the right set up. But the short answer is, yes, there is more to do. As it relates to the head-start, we think it's very helpful. I think it's helpful to get to scale earlier. It's helpful to have several hundred people in our private wealth area and we build relationships over a decade. It's helpful to have the plumbing, the legal, compliance, disclosure, all of those matters, and it really helps to have the platform to deploy the capital.  And so, others will come into the space. Like everything, there's competition. But we do have a big head-start and we have a brand that is very powerful. And then there's one thing to emphasize about Blackstone. And the reason why we've been so successful being a capital-light firm, it's the power of the brand. And you see that nowhere more than in the retail channel, and that is a real durable advantage, we believe, and we're going to continue to build on.
Jon Gray: Good morning, Alex. Alex, I'm not sure if you're on mute there. , why don't we go move to the next caller and Alex can dial back into the queue.
Jon Gray: I'll start on the deployment side. I think what we've been doing consistently as a firm over a long period of time is answering this question, which is how do you deploy as you grow larger and larger. It's existed as long as I've been at the firm and even longer for Steve. And one of the advantages we have is scale. year-to-date we've been involved in 13 public to privates, which are transactions that are often harder for other firms because of their size and complexity. The second thing I'd say is, we've really broadened our platform and we're redeploying capital.  If you looked in the quarter, the 10 largest transactions we did in terms of investments and commitments, all of them were done in vehicles that did not exist five years ago. So, if you think about it, they were in BREIT, they were in infrastructure, they were in BCRED, they were in Core Private Equity. Deploying capital for us at scale has gotten easier because we have more . And that has really helped us as the capital comes in. And we do it geographically across the globe. We do it across risk and return as well. And then the last thing I'd say, and we talk a lot about this is this somatic approach.  Focusing on good neighborhoods that what we've tried to do as a firm is identify where there are real secular tailwinds in the migration of everything online, sustainability, life sciences, global travel coming out of COVID, the rise in places of the middle class in India, alternatives. Look at these different asset classes and try to deploy capital directly on scene. And then sometimes 1 derivative off. We bought a Company this quarter called Chamberlain, which is the parent of LiftMaster Garage Door Openers. It's a great example of thematic investing.  One is it's a play on the big housing build that we think is coming. And secondarily, it's a play on e-commerce because the best way to deliver goods to your home when you're not there, it's through your garage door and there's all sorts of connected technology in that area. So, I'd say unique advantages at scale, unique advantages given the breadth of products. And then there's high level, high conviction investing that we're expressing across the firm, and we're leaning in and flooding the zone in those areas. And that combination has allowed us to deploy a lot of capital. With that, I will let see Steve set a new very high target for some.
Jon Gray: So maybe Michael will talk about this year. But what I would say overall is we've got a lot of momentum. The perpetuals, obviously, have great momentum. Not just in the retail channel and not just with some of these insurance things, but institutionally. I'd talked about infrastructure; I'd also mentioned our BPP Core Plus business. Institutional real estate Core Plus still bigger than what we're doing on the individual investor side. As it relates to the drawdowns, the good news is if you look across the board, the fund performance is very strong, and that is the best forward indicator of investors desire to invest in future Blackstone funds.  The fundraising for those will be a function of how quickly we deploy capital. We have a number of these funds. As you noted, that are now over 50%. It's a question when we get, and most cases, so do North of 70%, that's when we start thinking about fundraising. So, it's hard to predict, but we expect a good reception when we go back out. That's certainly been our history. I'd say the one headwind on fundraising that exists out there is that private equity has been such a strong sector that investors are in some cases over allocated. I think that will be very bullish for our secondaries business. And I think we will see our investment community raise their allocations to private equity and alternatives in general.  And that's more limited to PE, not as much of an impact at all on real estate or infrastructure private credit. But overall, it is a picture of strength as it relates to fundraising. It's one where really strong performance of broad array of products, successful deployment we think will lead to large-scale fundraising. I'm not giving you a specific answer as to timing. But I think it's fair to say that if you look back, there's probably a step function increase in the amount we'll raise versus where we thought of, say, 3 years ago. And that's the combination of larger and more draw down funds and this big step-up in perpetual funds, and then add to that, now the expansion into insurance. So, this is happening in a lot of different directions. It's hard to quantify exactly how it will all land and what the timing is, but I think the path of travel is very clear.
Jon Gray: On ESG. So, what I'd say on that is I think the most relevant areas for us, three areas. We actually talked about this at our Board meeting this week. In the energy credit and energy debt areas, if you went back in time, there was much more orientation towards hydrocarbons and E&P. That -- a lot of those activities we've deemphasized in a significant way over the last 3 or 4 years. And we've been doing much more around the energy transition and have great success. We announced a big transmission lines of hydro-power from Quebec to Queens a few weeks ago. We put an investment into a public Company called the Ray Technologies, which moves solar panels. We did a preferred with warrants. So, we've had a lot of success in that state.  And I would expect the next vintages of our energy equity and energy debt funds will be heavily oriented towards the transition, towards sustainability. I think investors will react well, and I think similarly, we'll do more in infrastructure. Another way investors can play it with us at Blackstone. So, there is a lot of investment demand. And then I would say in some of our more liquid structures and areas, some of the things we do in insurance on asset backs, I think you'll see more there. So, I think overall as an asset class, the demands for capital are enormous, and I think a lot of it will come from private capital. So, I think that bodes well, but it'll be expressed at our firm in multiple areas.
Jon Gray: We agree that this is a huge theme. If you think about fixed income investors, individual investors, institutions, and certainly insurance companies, who do almost exclusively fixed income investing. Buying a liquid CUSIP bond today, in many cases, can't meet their long-term needs. And so, what you see happening is asset managers who have these origination capabilities being awarded more and more assets over time. And that's certainly been the story with us. And one of the keys to this, of course, is having those origination capabilities.  I would say in real estate origination and in corporate credit origination, we're a leader in the field or at the very top, I think in structured and asset back, there are certain areas like renewables we've been very active, aircraft, but there are many more verticals and I would say there's room for us to grow and expand. We are going to build our capabilities because I think this is very important. And that I think you will see this movement of pools of capital who want to own credit assets, get much closer to the borrowers, and that's really what's going to be facilitated. And then I would just add, of course, as we do this, we're not going to rely on taking on large-scale liabilities and doing spread investing against those. What we're going to be focused on is being a third-party manager of capital in this area, just as we've done historically as a firm.
Jon Gray: So, there could be some opportunity in Europe. The structure of insurance, there's this concept of with profits that makes it in many of the countries more challenging to do, and in some countries, the regulatory framework. It's possible that in some ways some of the Asian countries may be easier to adopt the model. Our hope though is that we will find a way to do more in Europe over time. But I would say there are more challenges. The reason why this should happen back to the earlier question is if you're a European insurance Company and you're buying corporate or government fixed income, today, you're earning virtually no return. And so, I think it's going to be important for these insurers to have more origination capabilities. So, I think it will head that way over time, but I would say it's behind the U.S. at this point.
Jon Gray: I'd start with the fact that what we do as a firm and I think others in the industry were remarkably proud of. And unfortunately, I think there is this outdated view stuck in the 1980s of private equity and alternative firms harming companies in communities. And nothing could be further from the truth if you look at what we do to accelerate growth, I mean, we announced yesterday an investment in Sara Blakely's Spanx business. Terrific Company, terrific founder, lots of potential. We're going to help that business grow faster. Same story with Reese Witherspoon at Hello Sunshine.  We did this with Whitney Wolfe Herd at Bumble. What we're doing around green energy, where we've invested $11 billion in the last two years, we're really proud of that. What we're doing in life sciences as a leader, accelerating development of powerful technologies to make human beings live longer and safer lives. And then it's just in traditional private equity, what we do with businesses to make them grow is so important. And I haven't figured out yet how you destroy companies and somehow generate the kinds of returns private equity has, amongst our clients, private equity is the highest returning asset class, and that's happening because we're growing businesses and investing in businesses.  I give you that as background because as we walk policymakers around the world and in the US through the facts, they increasingly understand that I don't expect that there will be a specific legislation that will pass. I don't see that is near-term likely. We are, as I said, very proud of what we do. And I think we're going to continue to do it in a good way, have a positive impact. And at the end of the day, of course, so many of the benefits flow to pension funds and the police officers, firefighters, teachers, city workers around the world and particularly here in the United States. So, a lot of pride in what we do and we feel really good about it. And when we get a chance to articulate that, generally the facts went out, and we would expect that will happen in the future.
Jon Gray: So, we feel terrific about this infrastructure business primarily because we've done a great job out of the box, returns wise, for our customers, that's always the most important thing we've delivered for our customers. What I would say is there's a lot of interest generally in the infrastructure, particularly as people think about owning hard assets with long duration and some yield in a rising inflationary environment. So, I would suspect that we'll have good responses to the business. What I would point out is this is not a draw down funds, so like our BPP Core Plus institutional real estate business, we will start to raise money on a quarterly basis.  What tends to happen is you have a surge of fundraising then you deploy the capital, as the queue goes down you raise more capital. But what we like about the business is the type of assets you can invest in. We just made this large investment in datacenters. We really like digital infrastructure. We've done a big investment in a fiber-to-the-home business based in the Southeast U.S. We have some really attractive transportation businesses around ports and roads and airports. And as I said, I think investors like this asset class a lot, they're under exposed to it and there are not many places where there are open-ended funds that provide liquidity over time and that they find attractive as well. So, this is a business that today at $14 billion is small, I believe, relative to its long-term potential.
Jon Gray: It's a good question. The good news is the market is so large that even with an individual distribution house, what can seem like a lot of capital is still pretty small. A number of these places have multi-trillions of dollars of assets under management. So, if you end up with $30 billion or $40 billion, even $80 billion or $100 billion, it's still a small percentage. And also, I would point out in the U.S., we're early days along the path of IRAs. We think around the world particularly Asia, there's a lot of savings looking for alternatives and exposure to the type of things we do. Overall, I think globally there's 70 trillion of wealth.  With people with more than $1 million dollars of investable assets, which is the target traditionally. And I think they are allocated to alternatives. I don't even know maybe 1% or something, a very, very low number. And so, when we think about where this can go, yes, the potential is significant. And in closing, the reason we're so excited is, we're early days on the retail journey. I think the story is similar in insurance, we're early days for folks like us to manage capital. And in the institutional world, we continue to see increasing allocations and we're still growing fast in that channel as well. So having these multiple very scalable channels in us with this very powerful platform, this is a really strong combination in what gives us so much enthusiasm and optimism as we look forward.
Michael Chae: Sure, Jerry. Well, as you know, we don't give sort of near-term guidance, but the big picture, as I mentioned, my remarks is this net accrued performance revenue receivable. That's double what it was pre-Covid. Much of it is relatively liquid, about a third of the private equity portfolio at FMV is publicly traded. We'll take advantage of that based on market conditions. Obviously, the invested performance revenue AUM has grown considerably. We entered this quarter with sort of some locked in realizations that are under contract and we'll expect those to crystallize in this quarter and in the several quarters to come. And Paulson transaction, we expect to close in the first half of next year, not in the fourth quarter. And obviously there are other things in the pipeline, things that we've mentioned and things that we haven't. So, quarter-to-quarter, it's not a fruitful to guide to that or to predict that. But big picture, we're in remarkably good position overtime.
Michael Chae: Hey Mike, it's Michael. Thanks for the question. I'd step back and say, we've been in the technology and innovation area. We talked about innovation in terms of product development, new strategies where we think we're pretty good. We also have been investing for years in innovation around how we run our own business from an internal standpoint and from, how do we transform the basic daily work of the business middle and back-office and also from an investing standpoint. And I think we'd say in our industry, even though it's -- the industry itself is somewhat in development on that front, that we're second to -- we put ourselves a second to nobody in that effort.  Stepping back in the technology area, we've been investing in people and in hardware and software for a bunch of years now. We actually have nearly 400 employees in technology and data science. It's -- we have to say it's the fastest-growing part of the firm. I'd say it's now one of 2 or 3 fastest-growing areas of the firm. That includes, among other groups, our data science team that has around 20 people that will be 30, I think pretty soon. They're doing wonderful work and it's really a process in discipline that's getting embedded more and more in our business overall, particularly in the work we do on looking at new investments and also our portfolio of helping our portfolio companies.  And as you know, our Global Head of Portfolio Operations, Gen Morgan, was the co-CEO in the technology area historically. We've internally developed on the technology side, a real -- and this is getting to your question, I think specifically. A suite of internally developed products in the fund accounting area, in the investor reporting area, both institution, traditional institutions, and the retail area, which A, I think reflects that when we started really lean into this sort of 15 years ago, the industry -- the alternative industry then was very nascent in terms of having these solutions developed both for GP s and for LP s. We turned to in part, making a significant effort internally. And we think we've developed a stack that it's still a work in progress in some ways. But we think are actually as good or better than third-party solutions that are available.  If you look at a business-like E-access that another firm bought a couple of years ago at a pretty high value. And you look at sort of -- we have equivalent internally Dell products that both LPs and others tell us rate pretty well against those outside solutions. We also -- and then I'll pause. We have a program, we announced to hire in this area a couple of years -- a couple of months ago, which we call the Innovations Program. We don't talk a lot about it, it's a small program, but we do use internal capital to purchase small stakes in early-stage companies in the Fintech area, the Prop tech area, the enterprise tech area.  The cyber area. We've made almost 30 investments or so over a bunch of years. All -- mostly quite successful. But moreover because of the dollars aren't so big from a financial point of view, it really -- these companies, and we mutually benefit from a deeper relationship in this whole ecosystem, in terms of cutting-edge products and also just being in the mix in this area. And I think it has real tangible benefits to how we think about innovating in our firm overall. That's a little bit of a multipart answer, Mike. But it's not something we talk about or we've named for external purposes holistically. But we've been at this for a long time. We're scale -- we have scaled in terms of people, organization, process. And we're going to keep at it. It's still early days and there's a long way to go.
Michael Chae: Well, Chris, I think the comment was a broad one, a really positive one, not necessarily in any aspect of earnings growth, but about the overall picture and the overall picture on FRE and also on performance revenues where I think with both cylinders, we are firing and have earn a tremendous position. I think over time, we've exhibited strength on both the top line in terms of our ability to exhibit operating leverage, and expand margins overtime. We would expect that to continue generally, but no need to overread into the comments.
Michael Chae: And I will just add to that that our strategy and the demand for it and the deals we've been doing, it doesn't rely on whether public private partnerships come to pass out of the current legislation or in the future. The physical infrastructure GAAP around the world.  with demand in areas like digital infrastructure which Jon mentioned just organically, are so large, private capital is there as sort of the primary solution today. And if partnerships between governments and private investors emerges or expands over time then that's -- I would say that will be interesting and sort of gravy, but not something we're depending on.
