Steve Schwarzman: So, Craig, I think it’s worth starting with our quarter and first nine months. I mean, the fact that we raised $45 billion in the quarter, $183 billion in the first nine months, which is 60% higher than our previous best in an environment when equities were down 25% and bonds down 15% is pretty remarkable. And I think what it reflects, of course, is our long-term track record delivering for customers, the power of our brand, the breadth of what we’re doing today, obviously, the expansion into these new areas in insurance, in Core+ real estate, indirect lending, alternative fixed income, and then continuing to grow our traditional drawdown business as well where we move into new spaces like life sciences and growth equity continue to grow our original businesses. And so what you see is sort of a growing platform built on the backbone of successful performance and then exploiting all these new channels. And then geographically, I think unlike some other managers, we’ve got the benefit of raising money in the U.S., but also around the world and other regions that are not as capital constrained. And all of that has led to our strong performance. To your specific question, I would acknowledge it’s harder out there. Investors are more capital constrained. I think it will be tougher for many groups to raise capital and that will be until markets get better, a bit tougher. But I would say overall, when you talk to our customers, you don’t hear a lot saying they want to reduce their allocation to alternatives. They’ve got a favorable view. It’s been their best performing area. They may be a bit constrained by the denominator effect today, but they want to continue at this. And then for us, we’ve got this differentiated spot, so tougher, but we feel very good about where we sit.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Michael. Obviously, the UK and Europe face some real challenges in the near term. There is the inflation challenge driven by their energy challenges, which are much more pronounced than what we have in the United States. Their central banks need to raise rates in order to maintain their currencies and not have further inflation. In addition, as they raise rates, their housing markets, many of them tend to have floating rate mortgages versus our 30-year fixed rate model, which puts additional pressure on the European economies. I would say to date, things have held up better and our companies have performed better than you would expect. Companies are adapting to the higher energy prices and their usage and efficiency, but it is going to be a challenging period. I think as investors, what you have to overlay against that is just how much the currencies have moved and how much the valuations have moved down. You’ve seen currency movements here of nearly 20% in Europe and the UK and you look at the UK in particular, the stock market, there’s trading it below nine times earnings. So we look at that and say, wow, these are interesting places. A bunch of the thematic trends we like could be around travel, could be around technology, infrastructure logistics. There’s still attractive assets in continental Europe and the UK and yet prices and investor enthusiasm’s gone down. And so to us, that makes for an attractive entry point. Sometimes it takes time for these things to manifest themselves, but we think we’ll be busy in Europe over the next few years. I would say on the LDI question in particular there was some selling, as you know, of CLO paper. We like others participated in that. It seems to have abated at this point, but I wouldn’t be surprised as rates move up that there aren’t other four sellers as pressure grows in the system. And then back to our model, $182 billion of dry powder, the ability to make decisions really quickly to move quickly when there are periods of dislocation. It happened back in Brexit, it happened back in 2008, 2009. We try to take the opportunity to deploy capital on behalf of our investors. So I think you have to be cognizant of the economic challenges in Europe, but open minded to the opportunities given the repricing that’s underway there.
Steve Schwarzman: And I would say performance wise, the third quarter again remarkable 17% revenue growth. Real strength as we talked about in travel and leisure, businesses like Crown Resorts, Merlin Entertainments, we have a visa processing business. All of these companies seeing very strong revenue growth. We have large exposure to energy and energy transition. Of course, that’s been one of the best areas in the global economy. And that sector positioning for us, I think has made a very big difference relative sort of the overall mix of companies out there. We also, when we did technology investing, we focused on profitable tech businesses, enterprise tech businesses, which are continuing to grow nicely. So we are as we said in the opening, we’re seeing slow down economically, but still really good momentum. And particularly in our companies, there is still some margin pressure out there. Labor costs mean that the bottom line’s not growing as fast as the revenue line is. But I would say on the ground today, at least for our portfolio is still pretty good.
Michael Chae: I just add that starting from our – Steve, from our first fund in 1987, we made a very significant component of non-U.S. investors. And I think at a time when the U.S. is less favorable, because the factors you mentioned in the pension funds, the fact that we are so global for so long those type of relationships tend to be enduring and personal because people are coming from foreign countries and foreign cultures, and when they decide that they want to trust you make significant commitments and then you deliver time after time after time. There’s a certain bond that you have. And the flows, as Jon mentioned, have been more directed outside the United States. And that gives us just a terrific balance of where we can go to raise money.
Michael Chae: Sure, Bill. Look, I think, as you know, we always encourage folks to look at margins over longer time frames, not just a single quarter, given interior movements and puts and takes in any period. And so as I said and framed on the – in my remarks, on a nine month year-to-date basis, margin is up 100 basis points. And in terms of the key drivers, which is getting at your question on the expense side, just to unpack it, with respect to compensation expense, similarly, looking at that on a year-to-date basis, our comp ratio is stable. It's right in line with the year ago, maybe within 30 basis points. And then in terms of OpEx, non-comp operating expense, it actually declined quarter-over-quarter about 6% driven by a range of factors. T&E, which we talked about in the past couple of quarters, is still higher than a year ago, but it's actually down quarter-over-quarter and other factors. So overall, I think what this reflects is few things very strong year-over-year and good quarter-over-quarter top line growth, obviously. Combined with a disciplined approach to cost management, we feel very comfortable in our ability to control and carefully manage costs in our business, all within the context of continuing to invest in our people and infrastructure to support growth. So the result of all of this, we think continues to be a very stable and healthy in the margin picture.
Michael Chae: And Adam, it's Michael. I'd just add a couple of points. One is history, and we have 37 years of it, so that the vintages to straddle these periods of dislocation, which do take time to play out, prove to be really good vintages over time in terms of investment returns. And that second, our platform, which Jon referenced, our franchise is so strong and distinctive. And so our ability to access capital and debt capital in tougher markets and also our ability, I think, to engage in sort of dialogues with corporations, public companies, privately held companies, founders around capital solutions at a tough time, again, is I think, quite advantaged. So we'll have to be patient. It will take time to play out in terms of activity levels, but these periods of dislocation will ultimately prove to be opportunities for value creation.
Michael Chae: Rufus, this is Michael. I’ll start with the last question. We’ve been at this for a while, obviously financing our private equity portfolio and feel really good about the position our companies are in. Our average debt maturity – remaining maturity in our private equity portfolio is around five years. In terms of hedging, while the baseline is – there’s obviously a floating rate component, especially the senior debt. There’s a fixed component as it relates to a high yield or sub debt portion in most cases. And then we also hedge a significant portion of our portfolio to fixed over a period of time. And then I’d say from an interest coverage level in very, very good position from a cushion standpoint, even anticipating higher base rates.
Michael Chae: And the $150 billion are total insurance AUM managed. There’s about $110 billion or so subset of that from these four big partnerships that Jon’s referencing. It’s that number that will contractually be expected to grow to $250 billion or so over time.
Jon Gray: So as I said, what’s remarkable is the U.S. economy in particular has been very strong. Europe has held up better than people expected. Places like India are strong. As a data point here, the fact that we saw 17% revenue growth in our private equity portfolio says something I think pretty profound that there’s still a lot of strength and it also reflects that sector selection. So the fact that we’ve done so much in private equity, in travel, leisure bodes well for us. Our energy infrastructure, energy transition assets are all doing quite well. I think where we positioned ourselves has helped us and it’s similar for us in the real estate market, as Michael commented on the positioning in such a big way in logistics and then rental housing, hotels, all areas with strong growth. Overall, back to your comment, we do think we’ll see a slowdown here. It’s just inevitable. When you take the cost of capital from 0% to 4% and debt capital widens even more with spreads widening. People start to think about de-leveraging, paying down their debt. They’re less focused on expansion. There’s more caution, and that’s going to lead to a slowing that will happen over time. And that’s what we’re anticipating and that’s what we’re telling our companies. So I think that’s something that all companies need to think about in terms of how severe it is. I think it’s hard to say. What I would comment on is we’re in a much better spot as a global economy than we were back in 2008, 2009. We don’t have the same kind of over leverage we had back then in housing, in commercial real estate, in banking institutions. So that makes you feel better, but there’s no question there is a slowing coming here. We should anticipate that and obviously, the stock market has been thinking about that.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Brian. What I would say this area is about for us is providing credit to this enormous energy transition that is underway. So if you think about the trillions of dollars that need to be spent to move us from 85% dependency in the U.S. a little bit lower in Europe on hydrocarbons to a lower number, it’s going to require a lot of equity. It’s going to require a lot of debt. To us the most form of financing is not necessarily financing finished projects, which liquid investors will pay, will accept very low for in order to hit their net zero targets. We think if you back developers as we’ve been doing successfully of projects, if you lend to some of the service providers in the space. If you lend to consumers, we’ve been a very active in providing financing since in the solar market to consumers. We think this is a good way to go because there's an enormous need for capital and so we're excited about – we're also excited about our energy equity area as well for similar reasons because of the need for capital. And in our infrastructure, we've been doing a lot. We made a large investment we talked about six months ago in Invenergy, which is the largest builder of solar and wind projects in the United States. I would say, as it relates to ESG overall, the driver for us is being a fiduciary and deliver to our customers. They're focused on this area. We also see a big opportunity set because of the need for both debt and equity capital. We think we're building new platform and ecosystem. We said publicly we want to invest $100 billion in this area across our various platforms over the next decade. I think we can do that and generate favorable returns. So I'd say it's an exciting area that is still in the early days of its expansion.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Alex. I guess I'd step back and say the reason my hard assets are interesting in an environment like this is because the replacement cost goes up pretty significantly. In inflationary environment, the cost to build the labor cost, which is a big component has gone up and probably the largest input cost of money goes up significantly. And the yield on cost that you need to build a new project goes up. So I was talking to a major apartment developer who builds 15,000 units he has under construction today. He said next to cut his budget to 4,000 units, a 75% decline in terms of his new construction. So what you see happen in an environment like this is you start to see a reduction in new supply, which is obviously helpful in the long-term and these hard assets are beneficial because they don't have much exposure to input costs, and there's going to be a few of them, as I said, built. So that argument for investing into hard assets. The challenge, of course, is in a rising rate environment, if you own a hard asset feels like a bond, or worse an older office building, then I think you're going to see a challenge to value because the income is not growing much and rates have gone up. On the other hand, if you're in rental housing and you have pricing power or logistics, where we're still seeing in the U.S., 30% increases in rents. In Europe, nearly 20% increases in rents, the duration of [indiscernible]. Even as the cap rates go up, you can still see value appreciation, albeit at a lower rate. So as it relates to institutions, yes, they become more cautious in this environment, so they don't allocate quite as much. They pause, we've seen this before, but as you get to the other side of this, healthy real estate fundamentals. And by the way, unlike almost every other down cycle, what we have going into this, particularly logistics and rental housing is low rates of vacancy and limited new supply and a lot less leverage. So we go into this in a better way. And then as a result, we start to see this sharp decline in new supply, it should be even better coming out. So I think long-term assets real estate, which is obviously a big area of focus for us, it is a really good area to be in. And then I would just say, obviously, we have – we're – our scale is larger than anyone else in the world. We see more on the ground than anybody. We have access to capital, both debt and equity. So it's an area we continue to have a lot of confidence in even if there are some near-term headwinds.
Jon Gray: Well, it does, I think, impact some investors. Fixed income starts to look more attractive. But if you think about our clients and their long-term obligations, the rates they want to produce are generally above investment grade fixed income. And so I don't think they can move their portfolios out of alternatives in a meaningful way. It has been their best performing sector. And if anything, what they may say is, you know what, I'm really interested in private credit because I get the benefit of short duration income as the Fed raises rates. So Blackstone, I'm interested in doing that. That's attractive. I'm interested potentially in infrastructure because it's got inflation hedges and income streams that are often tied to CPI or RPI in Europe. And so I'm interested in that. We haven't really seen a movement out of the complex. We still see people interested in the sector. The composition of where they allocate could change. But the other thing I'd say about our investors is they've been at this a long time, the institutional ones in particular, and they don't want to just be procyclical. So they know that to leave growth equity after the tech market sold off in a big way doesn't make a ton of sense, the same thing in private equity. And if you went back to the early 2000s, you went back to 2008, 2009, leaving these sectors and time prices go down is not the best decision. So I'd say they take a longer-term view. They're sticking with what they've done. They may reallocate a little bit. I think private credit will be a beneficiary, and that's something obviously we do in scale. But I don't see any sort of large-scale movement away from this very attractive asset class.
Jon Gray: So on BPP, I think the specific answer on that is currency, I think was the specific answer because...
Jon Gray: And Asia. So I think that's what you saw there, not outflows out of the complex. As it relates to BREIT, as I said in my remarks, it's not a surprise that you would see a deceleration in flows from individual investors when you've had this kind of market decline. I think the number in active equity and fixed income, something like $500 billion of outflows. And remarkably, as you know, we've had positive inflows throughout the year, which has been pretty exceptional. I would say as it relates to near-term flows, yes, it's possible that we could see negatives over some period of time. But the key, which we keep pointing out is the performance that we've delivered and the portfolio we've built. So if you look at BREIT, the fact that we've delivered 13% per year for six years versus 4x greater than the public REIT index or that BCRED has delivered 8% versus significant losses in fixed income over two years. That, of course, makes an enormous difference. There's also the positioning of these portfolios, which is if you look at what BREIT owns, we keep talking about it, rental housing, which is the biggest contributor now to inflation, and then you look at what BCRED owns, it's floating rate debt, which is benefiting, of course, every time the Fed raises rates. And just to put a point on performance again, if you look at BREIT up 9% this year, which versus the rest of the world is, of course, quite striking so we look at this not necessarily in the context of months or this quarter, we look at this over time. And we see individual investors at 1% to 2% allocated to alternatives versus institutions that are 25% to 30% allocated. And our view is with these products, what we're offering is attractive to individual investors and they will continue to find so. Does it mean we have times when things are a little difficult? Yes, in terms of flows, we saw that in March 2020. But in the fullness of time, what we think we're going to see is investors respond to our investment management performance. That's the key driver over time.
Jon Gray: So Adam, it's exactly what you referenced there, which is in a moment of dislocation, it takes time. Sellers' expectations change, they pause. Obviously, lenders, in some cases, move to the sidelines and transaction activity slows. And if you went back again to the 2008, 2009 dislocation, it took a bit of time. But then ultimately, of course, we were able to plant a lot of good seeds into the right kind of environment. I would expect deployment will be muted for a bit of time. That doesn't mean we're not going to find some opportunities and that sellers won't start to get creative, providing financing, maybe taking back some equity in a transaction. I think it will build over time. But until you get I think a little more certainty out there, until people become more confident about inflation starting to head down that rates have hit their peak levels. I think you'll see a slower level of transaction activity. I think the key for us is that we don't have to be forced investors at any time, neither buyers nor sellers. So if there is a slowdown in market activity, we can afford to be a little patient. And then when opportunity emerges, we can move. And I would just say that as our platform grows, I think you'll see us be able to do more and more even in a tougher environment. Areas like insurance, we can deploy capital on an unleveraged basis at very low cost relative to others. I think that will be a busy area. But I would say an expectation of slower deployment in the near-term is reasonable, but at some point, picking up meaningfully.
Jon Gray: I think what offsets the fact that deal volumes are lower is the certainty that direct lenders provide to borrowers. So in an environment like this, if you're a financial institution in the distribution business, you're going to be cautious because you don't know where the end market is. And so I think direct lenders, providers of capital who aren't distributing the paper, but just holding it will have an advantage in this kind of volatile market. And so I think we're seeing that today. There's definitely a movement towards direct lending. And it's a similar dynamic in insurance where rather than somebody distributing paper – investment-grade paper, we're doing the direct origination for our insurance clients. So I think there will be opportunities. And I will say, when you look at the private equity market, there’s still a lot of equity capital out there. There's a lot of discussions. There are transactions getting done at a lower level. At some point here, inflation, as we've talked about, we'll get to a top point, rates will get there. People will begin to feel a little better and things will continue to go. And what's been amazing throughout this is we've continued to deliver good performance. We found some opportunities along the way and investors continue to allocate capital to us. So it gives us confidence and we've been through other cycles before. We sort of built as a firm for this. And we think there'll be plenty of opportunities as we get through this and get to the other side.
Jon Gray: Yes, we've definitely – as I said, we've seen a slowdown. Banks' risk appetite is lower than it was before. And spreads have gapped out. So the cost of capital if you're buying a company or buying real estate has gone up materially. We're still because of our unique spot, if anyone can get a financing done somewhere, it's us. And I think you'll see some examples of that in the not-too-distant future. But it is harder to borrow money. And as I said, what we're going to see, I think, sellers do a little bit who want to sell is potentially provide some seller financing to get things done. There's a lot of creativity in the deal market. And I think that some of that will emerge in this uncertain environment. But overall message is financing is generally tougher and it makes transactions harder. But I would point out, if you look at investors, if you said, are you better off in periods like 2000, 2007, 2021, where debt markets being sort of abundant – debt is low cost, but you have to pay a lot for assets versus an environment like today, we're definitely better off as investors in an environment like today where capital is more scarce, where we may have to over-equitize the deal and then ultimately finance it when markets calm down a bit in the future.
Jon Gray: Well, I'll just comment on the fact that we brought in Joe Dowling, who previously ran the Brown endowment a couple of years ago. We actually had our LP meeting this week. And we were highlighting the team, the additional investment professional that Joe's brought on board and really this outstanding performance, the fact that here we are into the worst 60/40 environment since the early 70s and the BAM business has been positive all three quarters. That is exceptional, particularly given the scale of capital they operate. I think it's still a bit early in terms of investors who have been, I think, a little more cautious on the hedge fund sector, now recognizing in an environment like this that some of these non-directional strategies in macro quant credit-related strategies can generate attractive returns. And I think that will give us momentum over time. It takes a bit of time for investors to see what's happening here, but we feel really good about it. We could not be more proud of the investment performance the BAM team has delivered.
Jon Gray: Yes. I’ll start on valuations. What’s interesting about the public real estate market, it’s pretty small. It’s probably 7% or 8% of the U.S. commercial real estate market. It trades with a lot of volatility, as you pointed out. In fact, since 2010, it’s gone up or down in a 60 day period by more than 10%, 50x, which hasn’t happened in the private real estate market during that period, I don’t think at once. And it can of course, trade above NAV and below. And part of the decline you’ve seen was the public markets heading into this were actually above in many cases the private market, so some of that was giving back. And if you look at the analysts today who cover real estate, they would say you’re trading below the private market. And the short answer is, does it create opportunity for us as the largest real estate investor? It does. We’ve done many, many public to privates in the real estate space. And generally it’s because the public markets tend to go back and forth between euphoria and depression. And what we’ve seen here is now the idea is rates have gone up and therefore real estate values go down very, very sharply below the private market value, which can create an opportunity for us, certainly. And we do believe, if you look at the logistics space at the phenomenal performance that’s happening in markets, the market – the public markets don’t seem to appreciate that. But those can create opportunities over time, similarly in rental housing. As it relates to BREIT, we built this product keeping in mind that there can be volatility in markets. So we run the vehicle with ample liquidity, large amounts of cash and revolvers, large amounts of liquid debt securities. We’ve met 100% of the repurchase requests since we started six years ago, including throughout COVID. And the structure means we’re never a for seller of assets. So we feel really good about BREIT and its ability to weather pretty much any storm. And again, back to what I talked about earlier, focusing on rental housing and logistics where the vast majority of the assets are in the southern United States, you could not have built a better portfolio for the environment we’re in. And we feel really good about where BREITs going over time.
Jon Gray: We think it’s a really great time for what will be a $20 billion industry leader secondary fund. What happens in moments like this a little bit like my earlier comments is you see a pause from sellers. They want to wait and see where valuations come out. Sometimes they may not be enthused about potential discounts as the funds may get marked down. And they accept that the valuations are different than they were 12 months earlier. Then you see transaction activity pick up. I would say overall as alternatives have grown in a big way, the secondary’s business is very well positioned because people need liquidity for a wide variety of reasons, and there just hasn’t been enough growth in the secondary space. And again, it speaks to the power of Blackstone. The fact that we’ve got a leading industry platform in this area as well is really advantageous. We believe that we’ll see a pickup in volumes. It may take six months for that to happen. That’s been the history, but when it happens, because of the scale of our platform and our ability to invest in all sorts of funds. We’re invested in more than 4,000 funds, which gives us a real competitive advantage when somebody’s looking for a holistic solution. So we like the space, we think it’s going to be a busy space. It may just be a little bit slower here for a couple quarters.
Jon Gray: Yes. On the $250 billion that’s really the $150 billion today plus where we think both Corebridge is going to grow to plus Resolution, plus a little bit of organic growth as well.
Jon Gray: Yes. On Resolution, what’s attractive to us is that their focus on this legacy closed blocks. And so there are a lot of insurance companies out there today. And this is an area where there is a lot of deal flow who want to move out of their old call it life insurance book. Resolution is uniquely positioned. The CEO of Cadre has been doing this for a very long time. He’s built a terrific team to not only underwrite the liabilities but then to service the customers. What he hadn’t done historically was focus as much on the asset side, generally buying liquid rated fixed income. And what we’re bringing to Resolution is new capital to help them grow and what we think is a very good time and the ability to directly originate credit. And this is this mega trend I talked about, but the ability to make real estate loans, corporate loans, infrastructure loans, asset back loans and do that at scale, we think that is a very compelling opportunity. Resolution was exciting about it. And it gives us another engine. So we’ve obviously got Resolution focused on these closed blocks. In the case of Corebridge and also F&G, we have firms that are growing in the fixed annuity space in a big way. So we’ve got multiple engines of growth for assets in this space. And the base rates have moved up and the spreads have widened. So if you think about a market where it’s a very attractive time to be deploying capital and repositioning out of traditional fixed income into private credit, this is that moment. We’re excited about this and we really like this model as we talked about, which is asset like we don’t have to take on insurance liabilities and multi-client. We’re not just limited by one balance sheet, we can work with a variety of clients who all benefit from the scale and diversification we can give them.
