Jon Gray: Thanks Mike. I would say on the fundraising front, it is getting harder out there. I think there was some frequent of vein data that was out this last week that showed private equity fundraising in the first half of the year was down 43%. It's particularly tough in North America private equity with institutions. And I think you'll probably hear about more of this from others in the industry both public and private participants. I think the key as you saw in the numbers here, and our reaffirmation of our $150 billion target is that we are in a differentiated spot. It reflects our track record over time, the relationships we've built with LPs. I mean to raise a $30 plus billion fund in 90 days is pretty staggering. It would be in a good environment, but to do it in an environment where markets are falling sharply is especially impressive. And so what we're seeing with us is, we have this very broad platform. We're in secondaries and credit, hedge funds, private equity, infrastructure, life sciences. We raised capital around the world, US, Canada, Middle East, Asia, Australia. And we do it, of course, in different channels, not only the institutional channel, but in retail and insurance now. And so I think that gives us an ability to do things that others can't. We would continue to expect we'll raise money. It is a more challenging environment, but I think it will hit some others probably in a more adverse way. We don't have as broad a platform maybe not the same track record, maybe not the same depths of relationships. So a more challenging environment and this is where a firm like Blackstone really shines. In terms of the financial, I don't know if there's anything you want to add Michael. 
Jon Gray: Okay. That is a long question, Ken. I guess, I'd start with what we think is a misperception about the business. And it may go back in time to the fact that these businesses used to have a narrower base, we're engaged in a relatively small number of activities and had a small number of customers. And as we've talked about on past calls, we really see ourselves having moved into these much more open waters. Alternatives have gone from being sort of a niche business to something that's broadly accepted that the performance has proven resilient, and that has given customers more and more confidence. That's why even different than 2008, 2009 customers recognize that this is a great vintage. We said on the call, we expect to raise a private equity fund equal in size. We expect to raise a growth fund similarly even larger than the last fund. In previous cycles investors may have shied away. Now, because of our track record and confidence in the industry, investors recognize this is a compelling time to invest in this space. I'd also point out that the way the business is built we talk about both staying power and firepower. So, on the staying power front, we have a firm Steve articulated that has virtually no net debt, no insurance liabilities. We are a very well-capitalized business for any kind of environment. And then our funds are set up in ways where we are not for sellers of assets. So when we go through periods of dislocation we're able to ride through them. If you look back at our data, over 30-plus years interestingly our funds that have been through recessions produced the same multiple of invested capital. It just takes a little longer to get there. And people have been around the business, I think understand that. The other factor here that, I would point to is we've got all this dry powder. And I think that's going to prove to be very advantageous, both in terms of FRE but taking advantage of a difficult market. And then I would talk about, where we've deployed capital. We've been really focused on what we call good neighborhoods. We've been talking to all of you now for 18 months about inflation and so when you look at our portfolios they don't necessarily reflect the market overall. So, we've got 28% in private equity in travel and energy that's different than the market. In real estate, where we have a large portion of our portfolio in residential rental housing and logistics very different than the overall market. In fixed income, our BXC our credit business and our BREDS real estate debt business are heavily oriented virtually, all to floating rate debt obviously very important. And when you look at some of the products pivoting to you specifically asked about BREIT and BCRED, the fact that they're designed for an inflationary environment gives us a lot of confidence. In the case of BCRED, you've got floating rate debt. So every time the Fed raises rates returns go higher. In the case of BREIT, you own short duration hard assets in that case 80% residential housing and logistics, where the fundamentals are phenomenally strong. I guess, I should just comment specifically the question was about redemption in those two vehicles. I'd say a number of things. First of all, if you look at the data in the quarter overall in retail we had $15.5 billion of inflows very remarkable. In the three products primarily, BREIT and BCRED, but also our European product BPIF, we had $11 billion of inflows in the quarter. We did have $3 billion of redemptions – the $2.9 billion of redemptions. I would also point out on July 1, which doesn't show up in the quarterly data, we had another $2.4 billion of inflows. So these are products that have a lot of momentum. I would point out that, we operate them with low leverage. In the case of BCRED it's around one to one. In the case of BREIT I think as of the latest quarter its right at or slightly below 40% leverage. We also run them with significant amount of liquidity, excess liquidity, to meet our clients' needs over time. And I think, it's super, super important to focus on the fact that, these portfolios have delivered extraordinary performance. Steve articulated this, but in markets that are down sharply the fact that BCRED has managed to produce slightly positive performance, BREIT I think is up over 7% net this year. That's really exceptional. And again it goes back to what we own in these portfolios. And so being positioned in the right place for a good environment and then having a terrific product to address it we think is really important. I would also say as a final point in these vehicles of course beyond the enormous amounts of liquidity we run them with, we also have structures here again that make sure we never have to be a force seller. So, we've been really thoughtful in designing them. But the thing that gives us the greatest confidence is individual investors are continuing to allocate capital and the performance and the positioning is so strong. 
Jon Gray: So, I would say Alex near-term when you have this kind of market volatility, you would expect to see net flows to slow. We saw this by the way back in 2020. It was a short period, but we saw back then a pretty dramatic decline in net flows we continue to execute, and of course, that turned over time the other direction. And of course, if you look at IPO markets or other areas, we've seen much sharper declines relative to what we've experienced here. When we talk to our distribution partners, I think what they would say and what we see in our data and I mentioned most of the repurchases as we call them are coming from a smaller subset of our investors in Asia. And the majority of investors here in the United States have been fairly stable. I would say investors the feedback are they like these products, they like the performance of these products, and that's the reason we're continuing to sell them. If the markets continue to be challenging, then you can expect that it's a more difficult period for net flows. But then again I go back to we've got products that are well-designed with ample liquidity. And then again you look at the numbers on the ground. And I think this is where it's worthwhile to talk about what's happening. So, in BREIT, we mentioned that same-store net operating income was up 16% in the quarter. That's well above I think almost any public real estate company today and it speaks to the positioning and the geographic positioning as well. Rental growth is even higher in these portfolios. And what that allows us to do or has allowed to happen here is between the dividends we pay and the growth, the multiples have come down in terms of the valuation metrics and yet we've still managed to deliver positive performance. And that's what we're seeing out there, which is incredible performance on the ground. And in BCRED, again, as I said, floating rate will help a lot. So, the short answer is in a choppy environment, you could see a tougher retail net flows environment. But you're continuing to see meaningful positive flows. You saw it again at the beginning of July, and we're continuing to see strong performance. And that's what we think will continue to make a big difference.
Jon Gray: When transaction activity slows that can impact deal volumes in terms of originating private credit. Although in this environment, the banks have grown more cautious and that's creating an opportunity for private lenders. In terms of our portfolio, it really varies. We've been talking a bunch about BREIT. In that case virtually all of the debt we fix long-term. We do that similarly in our perpetual vehicles like BPP. We have a lot of fixed rate debt in our infrastructure business as well, because these are long-term hold assets. BCP has also been pretty disciplined in fixing out a trade. That's our private equity business, maybe not quite as much as we do in some of our long-duration real estate or infrastructure products. And then I would say, in our opportunistic real estate business, we have more floating rate debt. But again, we're much more lowly leveraged than we were in the past. And so, when I look at sort of where our portfolio sits, our leverage, our coverage versus 15 years ago and the stability of the type of assets we own, we feel so much better. And by the way, it's not just us. If you look at the default rates across the credit world, it's still pretty low. So, yes, higher rates will impact the net cash flow you have to distribute, and also, of course, has an impact on multiples and we're seeing that in the marketplace. But overall, we don't see that as being a major issue for our portfolio.
Jon Gray: So, we have meaningful additional capacity in both of these vehicles in order to, obviously, meet our investment requirements, but also if there are liquidity requirements, sizable excess liquidity, I don't know what's disclosed in the documents for these vehicles. But I would just characterize it as quite significant. We've created these products recognizing you could go through a more challenging period of time. And so, that is definitely not something we view as an issue. 
Jon Gray: Yes. So on the BREIT outlook, what I would say is it goes back to these really remarkable fundamentals, the best we've seen in logistics and rental housing in our history. That should power strong performance even as multiples come down as cap rates move up something we've already done materially at this point. And there could be more of that over time, but we have such strong fundamental growth combined with the dividend yield today which is 4.5% and that's what's produced the strong performance. That's what gives us confidence about the future.
Jon Gray: Okay. I think in terms of private credit, I would just point out that in the second quarter we committed to seven transactions with $1 billion or more. Biggest one was I believe the Zendesk public to private in the software space. So we had an extremely active quarter. That being said, obviously, there has been a change in the market. It allows you to be more selective on which types of credits. It allows you to diversify a little bit more. And so, I think it speaks to there being significant opportunity. But obviously, we're going to pick our spots. But in general I think as a lender in this kind of environment, it not only applies to our private credit business on kind of direct lending positions, but also in insurance you can lend at lower loan to values and higher spreads. So it's a good time to be a lender. We fortunately between our DXC business, our BREDS business, our insurance business, we have a lot of scale in this area. So we're enthused about the opportunity to lend money to provide credit to borrowers. But yes, you can be selective in who you choose, where you choose to deploy capital and also get both favorable economic and contract terms in this kind of environment. 
Jon Gray: We have seen a decline, no surprise. Whenever you have moments of dislocation as I keep saying of equity markets, debt markets trading off, you have banks who at these moments sometimes have inventory that they will take them time to move. You see this slow down and you see buyers and sellers sort of resetting their expectations. We saw it in 2020, when it was very short, lasted six weeks. In the most extreme example in 2008 2009, it was 15 months or something. We're not I don't think in either of those conditions. And we're still seeing deals getting done. We did a number of things in private equity. We bought a business at Vara [ph], which is in the life science space doing compliance testing. We bought a business Geosyntec which is an environmental consulting firm. And so there still is activity. But the way it happens is things slow down, people find sort of a floor and then business builds back up. I think in this environment, until there's a little more confidence around the trajectory on inflation I think we'll see slower volumes. Once people get a sense that inflation is turning down more, they'll have a clearer path. And so I would expect the back half of the year will be slower because I think it will take a little time and then things will pick back up. Going back to our model, the good news is we don't have to deploy the capital. We can be patient. We can wait for the right moment. The best opportunities today are clearly in the public markets on the screen and that's where we're spending a lot of time. Then there'll be people who need capital or want to sell a division and then sort of private-to-private transactions will probably pick up over that time. So we've seen these cycles over time. Deal volume will pick back up but I would expect it probably to be slow in the back half of the year. 
Jon Gray: Yes. We've been very disciplined over time. I mean if you really look across the BREP franchise as you mentioned, $30 billion is a step-up. But it's grown from I guess low double-digits just before the crisis, the financial crisis. And we see the marketplace – if you look at asset value growth in commercial real estate I don't think we've grown faster than that on a relative basis. As you know, where we've seen big growth of course has been in our perpetual products in Core+ both institutionally and retail, which is an even larger market. But what excites us of course, and I think excited our investors is what's going to happen potentially. You see it in the public markets, there could be people who face financial challenges and having a large-scale fund that doesn't require financing commitments allows us to do big things. And we recently committed to buy last-mile logistics business actually closed this week, PS Business Parks, that's in some of the best geographies in the US with incredibly strong fundamentals. And because of our scale we were able to step up. So I guess, what I would say is we're very thoughtful on the size of the capital. We've been asked this question now for 30-plus years. If you look at the BREP global track record at 17 net since inception investors have a lot of confidence in us. And it's a similar story across our firm. We scale the capital in these drawdown funds relative to the opportunity and performance is what matters. We're continuing to deliver that and investors continue to respond.
Jon Gray: All right. Good question. So on the performance front there is a little bit of a lag there. So because you're reporting from underlying managers as opposed to reporting directly from Blackstone, you've got a quarter or so lag. So those were very good results, but obviously we'll expect next quarter they'll reflect what's happening in the private equity market today. In terms of drivers in the business they're really outstanding. If you think about how dramatically the alternative space has grown and yet how little capital is in the secondary space to provide liquidity there is a serious mismatch there. And then when you add to that the number of firms who can buy across the several thousand different managers out there that's even more limited. So we think about this as a special business that will continue to scale over time that there's a structural inefficiency in the business because there's this need for liquidity. I would say, on the deal flow front again what's going to happen now is, investors will probably pause LPs in terms of selling and there'll probably be a period where some markdowns will come through, then we'll see sales pick up again. And many investors one of the flip side positives and this is why the firm having sort of the diversity we have is so important. One of the positives here is the overallocation to private equity that makes fundraising more challenging for many firms.  It means that those same institutions are now thinking more and more about selling in secondary. So, we think having a $20 billion fund in that space is going to be very compelling. We have smaller funds in infrastructure and real estate, but that is really a long-term growth engine for our firm.  And on retail, I do think there's opportunity. I think the diversity of it, the liquidity, the shorter duration that is a product potentially part of something broader that could be a meaningful addition. And again, it's another one of the factors that's the strength of our firm. And I guess I would just say there was -- we've talked generally about the environment and everybody's focused on this month quarter, I just cannot emphasize enough the strength of our brand and what it allows us to do to create new retail products to do things in insurance on a capital-light basis. Our ability to still fundraise institutionally, despite the challenging environment. You see it in that number $88 billion, I think you'll continue to see it over time in our results. 
Jon Gray: It's a good question. Obviously at some point the very high rates of rental growth will come down, but the backdrop is incredibly constructive. You start with in our two main asset classes here residential and logistics record low vacancies which is different typically than when you're going into a down cycle. In addition to that, what you're seeing is particularly on the residential side, a pretty rapid slowing of new construction. New home starts were down 20% here in the last couple of months because obviously the for sale market, the cost of construction goes up and also financing costs, mortgage costs have gone up really materially. And so, people still have to live somewhere. And so, what's happening of course is you're seeing less new supply. We already have a very big structural shortage and that's pushing more people into the rental market.  So that provides a lot of support. I would also point out as history if you went back to the 1978 to 1982 period, the last period of really high inflation in the US, CPI averaged 9% back then. Rental housing apartment rents grew at 9% and new construction declined by 50%. So, I think investors haven't fully appreciated the value of hard assets in this kind of climate. And then on the logistics side what I would say there is, we're still seeing the shift to e-commerce the importance of owning last-mile logistics keeps going up. And then this redundancy desire of companies, who are concerned about supply chain and the need to hold more inventory closer to home, that's creating real demand there too. And so, we see strength there as well. So, surprisingly, despite a lot of the headwinds, these are probably two of the best sectors in the entire economy around the world.
Jon Gray: Well, we are seeing insurance companies I think increasingly recognizing that having the capability to originate private credit is very important. And particularly in this environment, when the banks get more full on inventory and slow their originations, that makes it more challenging for folks who buy just liquid widely distributed products. And if you have the capability in this environment to make corporate loans, real estate loans, infrastructure loans, asset-backed loans, that is a real competitive advantage. I think insurers are also seeing the strong performance of our insurance clients. We have three meaningful insurance clients, but also other insurers tied to alternative asset managers. That private credit allows them to earn incremental yield without taking on incremental risk. So we're seeing an industry that is beginning to recognize that this is a powerful tool to generate better returns for policyholders. We are in discussions with multiple parties. As we've talked about over time, we don't know when these things hit or not. But what we do have is this very powerful origination engine and a model, where we can serve multiple insurance clients and that gives us the ability to grow in this area. So my expectation is over time, I don't know when we'll come back and find other sizable clients and continue to grow this area. There's really a natural partnership between us and major insurance companies looking for incremental yield.
Jon Gray: I think it takes time. We've been through a period where equity markets and fixed income markets were so good, that the idea that you would invest in a product where your downside was protected and you could produce solid returns, sort of regardless of market movements that wasn't really valued. And what I would say is, after these two quarters, I think clients are going to begin to recognize this, but it does take a bit of time. We're also working on some new products in that area, that we're not going to talk about today, but we think could help give some growth. But really flows follow performance. That's how it works. And so in the BAM business showing just how powerfully we can protect capital in an adverse environment I think that will resonate. I think, we will grow but it doesn't necessarily happen overnight.
Jon Gray: So I think we're at a very early stage. When you look at -- even within the wire-houses when you say the largest firms were well-penetrated, we're still only minority, a small minority of the overall financial advisers in these systems. In the RIA channel, our penetration is very low. In the smaller IBD channel that's also low. In Europe and Asia Europe there are all regulatory and filing requirements, which we are steadily working our way through. Japan is a market that could have real scale. I would say, we are much closer to the beginning of this journey not only with these initial products, but also with the future products. And the customers are just experiencing these for the first time. If you went back in time 30 years ago to the alternative space and you were talking to an institution about private equity, it seems sort of new and exotic. Steve could comment on this. But we're now in a very different place today. And today institutions have 30% of their capital in private markets. I think individual investors, I don't know if it will go that far but from the low single digits there in, I think it can move meaningfully. Again this is where our brand and performance makes a huge difference. And so we're investing a lot in building out our capabilities. And I think over time we'll have more distribution partners and many more financial advisers and clients within these systems.
Michael Chae: Mike, I referred to how the fundraising cycle and there's sort of 20 or so discrete strategies that these vehicles have launched and will continue to launch over the course of the coming quarters depending on deployment. And so I mentioned the big new BREP global fund that we expected to launch in the early fall subject to the standard fee holiday. And then I think beyond that you'll see depending on deployment more funds launching. And I would say in terms of -- you'll see a substantial impact from that in 2023. And then in terms of full fees from the broader sweep of those funds much of that in 2024, we would expect that, again, it's deployment dependent.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Rob, its Michael. I think, you heard it right, a 20% increase from basically run rate FRE levels, which includes management fees and also fee-related performance revenues. So -- but that 20% is coming from just the management fee effect and contribution to FRE overall. So the numerators, the management fee uplift to FRE from this cycle of flagship drawdown fundraising, relative to the current run rate FRE base. And that's obviously an estimate, but we feel pretty good about it over the coming years. And then, I would just -- without putting more numbers to it, go back to what I said in my remarks, which is, I think certainly qualitatively as we look at it and in terms of sort of the mix of it, there are parallels to the position we're in, which is very favorable as it relates to uplift from the cycle of fundraising and also perpetual capital, both in terms of growth and the base. And then, also, we've talked about over time sort of this -- the layering and seasoning effect, if you will, of platforms, including institutional perpetual platforms in BPP and BIP. And for programs like in BPP's case, which are now six, seven years old, where those fee-related performance revenues mostly have a three-year anniversary, you're starting to see those sort of cycle through for a second and third time. So you'll see the benefit of that in the coming years.
Michael Chae: Yeah. And just to reinforce that Brian. So just stepping on BREIT, basically high single-digit gross appreciation total return and that's comprised of that 4.5% mid single-digit cash yield and then appreciation. I think in terms of the BPP incentive fees, both currently and then next year, they're spread across different vehicles and strategies. So whether it's BPP US, BPP Europe strategies co-invest strategies, BPP Asia you saw contributions from each of those this quarter. That will continue in the coming quarters. And then next year, you have more of that and you also have the life sciences BPP vehicle that we created a couple of years ago that will have an anniversary in terms of its fee next year which will be meaningful. 
Michael Chae: Sure, Adam. I think on the second question we're not -- that approximately 20% doesn't rely on margin expansion although over the long-term we'd obviously continue to expect operating leverage and margin expansion and larger funds have that effect. In terms of your first question on operating expense, yes for sure, this was in T&E and we sort of made this call a year ago. I think, we said a year ago it explained about 100 basis points or so of margin impact. And that's exactly what happened. And even though we felt like we were pretty much back to work a year ago if you look at the T&E spend across the firm as our teams really mobilized and investors gathered again and so forth, it was a significant uplift even relative to pre-COVID levels versus pretty minimal spend a year ago. So I would expect that to sort of cycle through over the next couple of quarters and then normalize in the year after that. And I think overall if you look at the full year the second half of the year I think the rate of increase in OpEx will decline as we roll over some lumpier first half comparisons. 
