SteveSchwarzman: Okay. Thanks, Alex. I'll start with the big picture. And what's driving what you're seeing us do and a number of firms in our industry is the extremely low level of interest rates out there, which is creating the need for greater returns for insurance company assets and particularly the ability to have direct origination capabilities. So our ability to originate corporate debt, structured debt, real estate debt is quite important and we think gives us a real strength in this area to line up our Insurance Solutions business with insurance balance sheet. So this is an area we've had success with Fidelity & Guaranty. We've said on these calls, this is something we intend to do more of. It's an area of focus. We're obviously hiring a number of people to help build out this business and capability. Exactly the form it will take, I think, each of these transactions may look and feel a little different. The underlying sort of path here is the same. The idea of us managing these assets, driving the returns higher, which ultimately helps the policyholders. I think all of that is key. On this particular transaction, and Michael can fill in the blanks. But the $2.8 billion, there are flows related to the transaction plus a bit of debt. So the ultimate check size here is less than - a little less than $2 billion of equity. It's more of a typical GP LP setup, I would say, but we are putting in some capital, single-digit percentage of the total capital needed. So this is really a third-party situation where we're managing capital and our compensation will come from managing the assets along the lines of what we've done with Fidelity & Guaranty.
SteveSchwarzman: Patrick, first of all, in terms of fee related performance revenues, as we talked about before, we think this is a super high-quality revenue stream. As you know, it's derived from perpetual capital is paid on a recurring basis on contractual timetables, well known and without having to expose underlying assets. So we think it’s very much in line with the overall quality picture of FRE. And you've seen it scaling, as we've sort of predicted in the last few years, and you saw that step up again. In terms of the composition of it, right now, the majority, the strong majority of the total annual amount is from the core+ platform. And of that, BREIT is really the dominant portion of that. And that, as you know, it's recurring, it's annual. It's in the fourth quarter. And as that platform grows and it grew 70%, as we said year-over-year, the fees will continue to scale both management fees and fee related performance revenues. A smaller portion of that was from the BPP platform. Those are specific to investments that occur on a several year basis, three, four, five years. And so that occurred during the year, both in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And then you're also seeing a smaller amount but that over the long term, it will scale, from our direct lending platform, both our BDC and also going forward, BCRED or non-traded BDC. So it's a -- it's sort of a portfolio of different products. Core+ is the biggest part but not the only part and BREIT is the biggest part within core+, and that is to your question, an annual occurrence.
SteveSchwarzman: And as we talked about, this is not a new thing. In terms I mentioned BDCs, the incentive fee portion of that income and yields in products like that have been, I think, for a long time considered very much part of the sort of metric.
SteveSchwarzman: Devin, thank you for the question. The short answer is stepping back on margins and was a terrific year on that front, is our margins are up significantly because of strong operating leverage. Revenue is currently well in excess expenses. I know that's sort of a truism. And you can particularly see that in our real estate segment and which was really the biggest driver, where fee revenues were up over 30%, with operating expenses, total operating expenses up 15%. And that's why you can do the math, overall, the real estate segment accounted for around three quarters of the overall margin expansion from a business unit breakdown perspective. As you mentioned as we've talked about previously as with almost every other business, 2020 did benefit from a substantial reduction in T&E spending. And that here accounted for around, call it, 100 basis points of that 440 basis point margin expansion. So as we look ahead to 2021, all of us, of course, are working for normalization sooner rather than later. And such that the T&E dynamic would reverse. But notwithstanding that, even adjusting for that, we still expect strength in margins. So that hopefully will help you on just to put in context the COVID component of that expansion.
SteveSchwarzman: And I would just add that the fact that you don't have to sell assets, as we mentioned, is important. The preferred returns in these vehicles tends to be materially lower because they're lower targeted returns. And just as we grow more assets in the space, have more vehicles, this should be a steady source of income for a long time to come.
JonGray: It’s a good question. I would say it does not crowd out our dedicated funds, our traditional large scale private equity funds. And the reason is the mandates here are very different. So if you look at the two funds to focus on, let's talk about Blackstone Life Sciences. Its mission is to invest primarily in phase three trial drugs, something that we would not do in our private equity business, have never done before. And so it's a completely new area. It may invest in companies. But again, it's based on drugs that we're waiting for FDA approval. This is not something we would do in our private equity business. In the growth equity business, we're taking minority stakes with founders, which, of course, is very different than our private equity model, which is based on control and being able to intervene in these businesses. In our growth equity area, we’re looking to partner and help these young companies generally working with founders, again, a very different model. And then some of our other more geographic strategies are similar to what we’ve done in the past where we've raised energy or Asia or other funds, and we keep a portion of that in the main funds, but we - by expanding with the new fund, we don't have overconcentration in the main fund in a particular geography or sector. So we're super sensitive to our flagship funds, delivering an real estate private equity and corporate private equity is what we built the business on and we want to continue to deliver for those investors. There just happens to be a lot of white space, new areas to go into that we as a firm had not historically been in.
JonGray: Well, the good news here is we just have a much broader base of capital today, achieving the highest return strategies involves a smaller universe potentially of investable assets. As you raise particularly some of this perpetual capital, longer duration, lower yielding, you can look at a much broader view. So yes, we're investing in origination capabilities and particularly in our credit area and corporate and real estate and structured credit, but also in our equity investing as we move into core private equity or the real estate Core+ business, we're just hiring more people in these areas, it gives us more dialogue. But oftentimes, you're not necessarily using real estate as an example, looking for an empty building or distressed situation. You're just buying a leased apartment project that's high quality, you want to own it at a reasonable return. So this newer cost of capital enables us to sort of widen the funnel. And then you take our existing team, you add more people and it actually makes our original businesses even better because we're in more dialogue with more sellers, more brokers, more investment bankers, we're just part of the flow and there has really been a real benefit from expanding our platforms. And if you think about it on the credit side as well, if you go - went in there and you only had the ability to do higher returning mezzanine, you would only have one discussion. But if you can go in there today and you have a wide variety of capital with different durations, lower loan to values, longer duration insurance capital, what we're getting from our direct lending platform, we have a much more robust discussion. And so we’re finding the ability to deploy more capital, given the range of places, given the opportunities. And yes, to your question, we have to build the organization to meet these needs.
JonGray: So what I'd say about retail is we had a big event here. We had a modest celebration crossing $100 billion of AUM. Joan Solotar and her team have done a terrific job and it's a mix of the episodic funds that we still distribute that's generally targeted to the highest net worth investors. As we move into these perpetual capital vehicles, BCRED and BREIT, which do have elements of liquidity to them that are favorable to customers, they come down in terms of the availability and it expands the universe of potential customers who can invest. I would say, in distribution, we're trying to really cover the waterfront. We're talking in the United States, in Europe, in Asia, we're raising money broadly. It's RIAS. It's obviously the largest distribution firms. It's private banks around the world. It's the IBD channel. It's really broad based. And what investors are seeking is obviously higher return. They want more yield. They're looking for things done at Blackstone quality, and we're focused on the fees we charge being quite reasonable that we're looking for the customers to have a great experience. And I think historically in private assets in distributed to retail, there was a bias, I guess, to try to make short term money and not necessarily deliver a great customer experience. What we're trying to do here is give individual investors the same experience that our institutional investors have. The products may look and feel a little different, but the goal is exactly the same. Obviously, the markets are reacting positively, investors are, the strength of the brand here is very differentiated. And that's why we have so much confidence here in the potential of this. We said BREIT could grow to be the largest product, BCRED has very good momentum out of the box, given people's desire for yield. I think some of these products will be able to move geographically where you raise money in different parts of the world. There is more we can do. We're not ready to announce anything. But what I'd say is our bias is not necessarily to create a massive number of products but a smaller number of very large products that can scale. And BREIT getting over $20 billion was another big achievement for us. So as you can tell, we're spending a lot of time in this area. It continues to grow the perpetual capital, and we expect good things for retail in 2021.
JonGray: Well, as you know, we definitely have a global business. I would put Asia at the top of the list, given the scale of the economies there. China and India both have more than a billion people and what you see there in China, in particular, is an economy that's growing very rapidly, will grow to be the largest economy in the world at some point in the future. I think there's an opportunity over time for us to offer products that are R&D based that would be something that could happen over time, that could be very large scale. I think we can do more in countries like Japan, which may not be fast growing but there is a strong desire for returns from individual investors and institutions. And India, frankly, has been our greatest strength in Asia. We've deployed a lot of capital in both private equity and real estate, and that economy is still early days. I would say as a caveat that smaller economies for us are a little more challenging given the scale of capital we operate at and less developed economies. I would say our results in places like South America and in Africa, which have been very small as a percentage of what we do have been a little more mixed. There could be opportunities in those markets over time. But I think in terms of geographic growth, I would say, Asia and the big economies in Asia are the most interesting. And then I would say that Europe, despite its slow growth, aggregately is the largest economy in the world, if you put all those countries together. There are fewer competitors there. And there are more of our products that we can distribute there, both raising money but also deploying capital in Europe for Europe. So when I look at one of our great strengths of the firm, it's that we're a global business. And so if one market around the world gets too hot, we can deploy capital elsewhere. Customers around the world are facing the same challenges, which is they need higher returns and they want a trusted pair of hands who takes a long term approach and that's what Blackstone represents. So when we look, yes, there's opportunity in retail, there's opportunity insurance and there's certainly opportunities outside the United States.
JonGray: Well, I think the SPAC market, and I commented earlier this morning on TV about this. I think it's a good development long term to open up access to capital to public companies. We've seen a reduction in the number of public companies by 50% over the last 25 years, and the SPACs have led to the highest number of IPOs in more than 20 years now. So I think that's positive. Now that being said, I think there are challenges around alignment of interest, when sponsors earn their economics, what the size of those economics are. And I think some of that will change over time. As it relates to our business, we've announced, I think, three SPAC sales in the last few months. I think these will all be very good public companies. These are good executions. And so it's helpful for us on the liquidity front. But I do think it's fair to say for smaller sized businesses, in most cases, it gets a little more competitive with this SPAC money. The good news is we tend to operate, particularly in private equity at large scale. So there's not many SPACs can do the type of deals we do. And I would also say not every company wants to go public. Certainly, faster growing companies may want capital to grow. They're not ready to go public. Other businesses may not be. So it's requires a certain type of company, a certain type of exit and tends to be a bit on the smaller side. So overall, for capital markets, as I said, I think it's a positive. I think there will be some changes in reforms over time to make it even better.
JonGray: So in terms of implications, there could be a variety. It's obviously early. It's possible we could see higher corporate taxes, which would impact the entire corporate landscape. We could see more regulatory activity. On the flip side, I think some sectors where we are active investors could really benefit. I think you could see environmental and sustainability areas get a boost. We're doing a lot in that space across energy and energy credit. We could see more dollars into infrastructure, an area we haven't underwritten a lot of corporate activity or government activity that could change with a big push by the government. And then I think one of the benefits people may not focus on is an aligned government here could push more dollars to places like New York and San Francisco, hard hit urban areas during the COVID period, and that would be beneficial for some of the real estate properties we own because those areas are under pressure. So I think there's a variety of things. As a firm, we've operated in all red, all blue environments, purple environments, and we take a long term approach and we've been able to navigate those issues and as changes come up, we expect the same here as well.
JonGray: And the key distinction, Michael, is that we don't have to sell assets to generate these fees, that's the key distinction of what ends up in the FRE…
JonGray: And I think this picks up a bit on, I think, Patrick's question as well. I think the simple answer, and it's a good one, is that over time, the growth in those fee related performance revenues will basically be aligned with the growth in our perpetual capital strategies with, again, real estate core+ plus being a huge portion of that right now. But also, as you mentioned in that direct lending area, a scaling of that source of performance revenues as well over time. So that sort of, both in the short and long run, is kind of the r-squared on this. Growth in perpetual, growth in core+, growth in direct lending equals over time growth in those fee related performance revenues, and that is a meaningful tailwind.
JonGray: We think that business has tremendous potential. The low rate environment obviously has investors looking for other liquid alternatives where they can get returns. And then the run-up in the stock market has investors looking for places to put capital where there's some downside protection. And both of those factors lead you, I think, to our hedge fund solutions business. With the addition of Joe Dowling, teaming up with John McCormick, I think that puts us in a really good place. Joe's track record has been excellent. We are going to be looking to try to drive the returns higher in that space. Joe was outstanding at Brown, finding, leading cutting edge managers, looking cutting-edge managers, looking at where the economy is transforming either geographically in some of the fastest growing sectors as well, and we expect he'll do the same here. And as the returns continue to improve or improve, we think we'll see more flows. So our hedge fund solutions business, which has flattened off in terms of AUM but it's actually improved our profitability, Michael can comment on that, I think can grow in AUM and become a growth engine again for our firm.
JonGray: What I'd say is if you look at our firm over 35 years, our governance structure has served our LPs really well, our employees and for the last 13 years, 14 years, our shareholders. So we're really comfortable with it. We're always looking at ways to maximize value for shareholders. We did that in the context of the C-corp conversion, but we're very deliberate in how we do things. But I would say generally the idea of taking a long-term approach and the management of the firm, how we're structured today, we feel good about that. It's delivered for us in the past. We think it will deliver for us in the future.
JonGray: So there are a number of questions here. Let me go through each one. The first one, I want to back up, I guess, for a second and just say that the genesis for this transaction was a number of our investors in the BREIT fund wanted to continue to own this. And that really what was the catalyst and more than 70% of the capital in the BPP life sciences vehicle came from the existing investors. So I think because they were so enthused about this, it made a lot of sense for us. Where it ended up, the vast majority of the capital did come from this new vehicle. We put some of it to our general BPP fund based on some available capital, but the vast majority ended up in BPP life sciences. No surprise our investors are excited about this new vehicle. I think we'll raise additional capital beyond the $8.4 billion we talked about. There's a potential for this to grow to be, again, quite large. We announced the deal shortly after the initial recapitalization, which I mentioned, where we did a $3.4 billion deal of additional properties in Cambridge, the heart of life sciences, making us the largest owner in Cambridge, which we think is important strategically. So this is a business that has the potential to grow not only in Cambridge, but in South San Francisco and San Diego, Cambridge UK, where the business is focused. In terms of ambition, I guess, we've hit that. I think this is an area that has real growth given the tailwinds we see in life sciences. And one of the things we don't often talk about on these calls is the power of the overall platform. So the fact that we have Blackstone life sciences gives us more confidence here in BioMed, it allows us to do the Cryoport investment in Tac Opps and frozen logistics. It allows us to do Precision Medicine, which is a company that commercializes and does runs the trials for life science companies. It was one of our largest investments in private equity in the fourth quarter. So we are really building a powerful life science ecosystem here at Blackstone and BPP Life Sciences will be a big part of it. Nick Alcodis, who runs our life Sciences business is actually going to be on the Board of the BioMed Life sciences fund. In terms of our opportunistic business. No, I don't believe this will be the way the vast majority or whatever of deals will be sold. There was a pretty unique set of circumstances. There may be other situations but I think it will be the exception in this case, the scale argued for it. We also ran a process, a competitive dynamic, brought an outside firms, had a go shop period we want to make sure the most important thing to us is fiduciaries is maximizing the return in our private equity and real estate private equity funds. So I think this is a little bit of a unique situation. We had a great process to bet the values. And long term now we have a bunch of investors excited about this area and a new vehicle that I think will grow in scale.
JonGray: So I think the biggest factor, obviously, deal activity and deployment was slow coming off of March for the next couple of quarters and so we saw a resumption. I think so again, given the expansion of the firm, if you look at our secondaries business now where we have large scale private equity secondaries, real estate secondaries, infrastructure, we're deploying more capital. If you look in private equity, regular weight corporate private equity, a larger scale fund, our Asia business is growing, our core private equity vehicle grew from $5 billion to $8 billion in the latest generation and you can look across the firm and then the expansion in these perpetual vehicles we keep talking about, of course, leads to the need for greater capital deployment. So I think a big portion of this is just a function of engines, there are many more of them and they're larger and that's leading to more deployment. I also think we have some sectors. We have high conviction around. We're spending a lot of time on some of the COVID impacted businesses, travel related location based entertainment, hotels. I think we'll see more activity in some of those areas. And then these big secular themes around digitalization, life sciences, what's happening in green energy. Those areas, I think, will attract a lot of capital and we'll continue to invest in Europe and Asia and around the globe. So this quarter was particularly active because of the large life sciences transaction. But when you looked overall for the year 2020, I think it's $62 billion was basically the same as it was in 2019. So I think that indicates it's likely that deployment probably ROEs over time or will grow over time, just given the scale of our overall business.
JonGray: Obviously, we'll not talk about particular transactions, but I would concede that the space has gotten more competitive over the last few years. I think our advantage is; one, the scale, we can do things at; and two, our origination capabilities, I think, are pretty unique. And I think give us an advantage in this space for counterparties to want to work with us. So we like where we sit today. But I do think it's important to keep in mind beyond actually just our capabilities, our brand resonates. So if you're an insurance company and you're thinking about putting your liabilities in somebody else's hands, you really want to know who that is. And so the scale of Blackstone, our reputation as a fiduciary helps us. And so yes, like in all things, there's more competition but we like our positioning. We think there's an opportunity to really grow there.
JonGray: Well, I think two things are going to help the secondaries business. One really importantly is that the denominator is going to grow, even if the penetration doesn't grow, I'll come back to that in a moment. But alternatives are growing at high single digits, low double digits across the globe. And by definition, that means there's a bigger addressable market. People change their investment strategies. They're unhappy with managers. They want to get out of certain spaces. And so if you believe in the alternatives sort of mega trend, which we certainly do, secondaries is a powerful way to play it. And then as a percentage, I just think 2% of the market trading is not a sign of a market that has sufficient liquidity. And so I think that will lead to higher percentages. This is a business that's growing for us, I don't know, eightfold or something since we took it on five or six years ago. I think it's a business that can continue to grow at a very rapid rate. Verdun Perry and his team have done an outstanding job. The returns have been excellent. We said in here that we'll raise our ninth private equity secondaries fund. We talked about moving into the continuation area. We're having success in real estate and infrastructure. I think as alternatives grow this fund continues to grow. This area of the firm continues to grow. And I don't think we're anywhere sort of near the end for secondaries in terms of growth.
JonGray: I would just echo my earlier comments that retail remains a very favorable channel for us given the brand and the range of products now. The movement from beyond just the episodic products, which are obviously continue to be offered to the highest net worth people. But the BREITs and BCREDs, their distribution capabilities, the ability to sell those broadly is powerful. And I would just point out, BREIT took a number of years to sort of get to lift off momentum. It feels like BCRED in the early days is having more success because we've opened up those channels and we're broadening the number of channels. And so I think as we introduce new products in this area, they can continue to grow and have this success. And as this is all part of this sort of growth in perpetual capital, growth ultimately, of course, in fee-related earnings and bringing this sort of world class service and investment discipline to individual investors, we think that trend will certainly continue and we're at the vanguard of that trend. As it relates to ESG, I think there's opportunity there. I think there is more opportunity. We talk about it internally. I think there's opportunity both institutionally and individual investors. Going back to one of the earlier questions, we just have to make sure we set it up in a lane that is very defined and in a separate area where we can deliver for the individual investors and do something separate and different than we do in some of our other funds. But I think over time, we'll develop some products in that area.
JonGray: Well, we make decisions about which jurisdictions and so forth make the most sense for us, and we’re obviously engaged in discussions with the seller on what maximizes value for them. And in this particular transaction, that’s how we landed on this. We ended up buying the vast majority of the assets and that worked for Allstate. I would say, I think Tom Wilson, the CEO, has done a terrific job here, pivoting his company and getting them focused on higher growth businesses. And this was something that made a lot of sense for us and our investors. So we look it as a real win-win.
