Michael Chae: Great. First, to your first question, you should not expect that these two are not related. You shouldn't expect that increase and our decision to authorize this buyback and to deliver basically a zero organic dilution policy is really in the spirit of taking our historical discipline around managing dilution and being even more aggressive around it.
Michael Chae: As for your second question, look, I'd say in general, we've outlined the parameters around how we approach this. We will be opportunistic and we'll be flexible in our approach on this. And so I - that's how we're going to think about this.
Michael Chae: Look, I think, you correctly noted, Alex, that our FRE margins have really enjoyed a great trajectory over time. I think we're up about 500 basis points over the last couple of years. And we think over the long term, those margins, while we may not continue to increase at sort of that pace, we'll be stable to expanding over the long run, over the medium to long run. In a very short term, I should note, in the next couple of quarters, principally, because of the Franklin Square exit that will pose a bit of a headwind on FRE growth and perhaps margin, but I don't want to make too much of that, but that's worth noting. I'd say at the margin, the current spending on initiatives is also a marginal drag. And so that's reflected in the current FRE and will be reflected for - in the coming couple quarters. But the overall message is one of medium- to long-term stability around margin to expansion around margin. In terms of the kind of contribution of initiatives, it really varies. And one that we talked a lot about is the insurance area, and that's one where there will be multiple and/or there will be multiple different elements to that strategy and the types of insurance assets we'll manage under investment - under IMAs, a portion of which could be sub-advised to direct LP relationship insurance companies. So they are all varieties of that. I'd say overall, a significant portion of those assets over time, not only do we think they could scale, but the long run, I underscore long-run, marginal contribution characteristics of those dollars are very attractive.
Michael Chae: Patrick, its Michael. I'll take the first, maybe Jon will take the second. On the distressed, which I would call flattish to slightly down, which is probably a bit - actually better than the high yield index, really idiosyncratic, and sort of a name specific basis for the performance, which was generally pretty good. So that's - no particular trend there. That portfolio has a fair amount of energy in it, but the energy names basically weren't detractors or additive. They performed about the same.
Michael Chae: Yes, Michael, we're not planning near term having an external technology offering. We're proud of the technology we developed. Often we - and other times we have spun some of that as third-party capable, but there's nothing near term on that at this point.
Michael Chae: Ken, I'll start, it's Michael. And it's the first time we have been accused of splashiness, but we will take that as an example. Look, first of all, the $1 billion, your splashy number, that is about 5% of our pre-flow, public flow, which I think is, in line with sort of median sizing for companies programs. We think it's a sensible number. As I mentioned, we've always been fairly disciplined on managing organic dilution. And we want to be more aggressive here. Putting - neutralizing organic dilution as a parameter around this program, we think, makes sense to put sort of scale and structure and also allow us to execute with some consistency programmatically over time and not just sort of fire and forget as it sometimes the case. You asked about history. We utilized about 20%-or-so of that original authorization, 25% quite early on, and it was generally not open market purchases. So I would view this, while we inherit legacy program, it's really a de novo program with the distinctive kind of new approach. And we think it makes sense and it's the step we want to take. And ultimately, what we're thinking all the time about how to start shareholder value, we're in a position now with our balance sheet having growing steadily stronger and giving us more and more flexibility, our free flow has steadily expanded to point where we can do these things without impairing liquidity in the stock. So we're in a great position and we're constantly thinking about how to do things to sort of value over the long term.
Michael Chae: Sure, Glenn. Look, I think, as we said at the beginning of the year, 2017 was always going to be a tough act to follow. It's also early in the year from a visibility standpoint. And as always, these things are market dependent. Having said that, the performance receivable growth point is, as you know, an important one, and not only did it grow 9% year-over-year, we grew 8% just in the quarter. So as you know that's the nature of our business model that a quarter where you see less exiting is a quarter where you often also see even more growth in terms of value in the ground. Another way of thinking about it is our unrealized fair market value of our investments, our dry down investments is actually up 16% in the last 12 months. So even during the time we sold a tremendous amount, our position has gotten meaningfully stronger, which is a great place to be. So we're obviously active in looking at X opportunities in the real estate area. We have a number of things in - both in Europe and U.S. under contract. So we're - it's our constant process of refilling the cupboard and we feel really good about our position over the long term.
Michael Chae: Hey, Brian, it's Michael. What I'll just say is that I think that our posture is consistent with what we talked about last quarter. We're monitoring carefully all aspects of the issue. We're not in a hurry. This is a race that does not necessarily go to the swift and one shot making a thoughtful decision. So what some - what others of our peers do, if they do anything, we'll obviously observe and see what the learnings are and continue to look at this. And as we talked about and as maybe we demonstrated this quarter, we are open-minded about taking actions that we think are good over the long term for shareholders. But we want to be very careful about it.
Stephen Schwarzman: Let me just jump in. Our goal was invest in the future. So in our FRE for some period of time there have been a lot of different investments to the future. I think this one of the things that we're proud of that we constantly do that. So this is - there is investment in the future, but it is not different from the past in that way. The other thing is, our permanent capital vehicles, which will account for more and more of the business and are accounted for more and more of the business have very attractive - once they get to the scale, very attractive FRE margins. So as they scale, so you'll see that having more and more impact on our margins.
Stephen Schwarzman: I think for us it's really a scale question. If there are markets, we look at some emerging market areas where we just can't deploy capital and scale, that doesn't work. Some of the true VC stuff, may be, again, harder for us. As part of larger platforms, there may be an opportunity. In general, we look at most of the alternative space as attractive to us. So we'll get to it over time. I think the question we often get is, do we want to go into, let's say, long only listed equities. And the answer is generally no, maybe there are some exceptions in very targeted areas. But we look at alternatives broadly globally, still see a lot of runway. But the short answer to your question, really where we can't get the scale to where we wouldn't go.
Stephen Schwarzman: I just would add to Michael's comments. This group, this cable, in particular, but across the firm's, highly shareholder focused, the employees own 50% of the company, we do pay out 85% of our distributable earnings, this is going to be incremental to that. And we're constantly thinking about what's the way to maximize value for this company and trying to get the market to recognize the quality of the business we operate.
Stephen Schwarzman: Mike, let me just jump in too, what's not appreciated by the market is these permanent capital vehicles not only lock up your capital and scale to higher FRE margins, but they drive steadier carrier realizations. Because a bunch of them are going to be done episodically by investor on marks, out-forcing us to sell the asset. So it will have a smoothing effect, which, I think, will please the market, make it a higher multiple revenue stream.
Jonathan Gray: I'd say a couple of things. Michael and Steve touched on it. Clearly, this retail and insurance push are in very early days. If you dimensionalize it you'd say in our traditional institutional world, those are $50 trillion call to capital, where the pension funds and sovereign wealth funds allocate 25%-plus to alternatives. In retail and insurance, those are $50 trillion in the case of retail, $30 trillion in the case of insurance pool to the capital that have low single digit allocations to alternatives. That creates a lot of wide space. Now the nature of the products, because of regulatory capital requirements, because of maybe yield requirements and liquidity requirements from retail investors may have to be a little different. But the basic idea that people want high-quality investment management at reasonable prices we think that what's worked in the institutional world can work in these two other worlds and we're seeing it in real time. Michael mentioned BREIT. The private REIT market did not necessarily attract the highest-quality managers and people were charging off a lot, we've moved into that space with a really high-quality product and the markets responded. And so we see this as areas of tremendous growth that are also synergistic to what we do across the firm because we get more information, more deal flow, it's very beneficial. So those are big. I would also say, generally, over time, little more emphasis on growth, which means more exposure to Asia. You've seen we're raising - we just completing raising our second Asia fund, in real estate. We're raising our first Asia fund in private equity. I think Asia, given its growth significantly higher than Europe and the U.S., we like more exposure, our investors would like more exposure there. And then related to growth, of course, technology, life sciences, those are areas where we're doing investing today in Tactical Opportunities and in private equity. But over time, there could be opportunities to raise dedicated funds there. So I think as a firm, we've done a fair amount, we've done well. I think we can raise more dedicated capital. So there is no shortage of areas to grow. The key thing, of course, and related to Steve's comments are the virtuous cycle requires that we deliver great returns. So whichever area we go into, we have to make sure that we have the right team, the right process, we feel like the market, it's the right time to enter that market and we can deliver returns. And then once we do, as you've seen, with us putting up very low capital, we can grow quite a bit. And so I think there's a lot of room over time. I know there's always been a concern of Blackstone is so big, are you near some sort of ceiling and people continually be surprised. Steve pushes us, says core+ could be $100 billion, some folks laughed, and Steve of course, be the last person laughing here. Because he has seen the power of the franchise and what we can do as long as we deliver for investors. So that's one. On rates, yes, rates rising have - can have an adverse impact on pretty much all assets, certainly, fixed income, on real estate, on corporate. The question is in that kind of environment what do you want to own because not everything goes down in a rising rate environment. The things that do well, of course, floating rate assets on the fixed income side, which we've done a lot of in GSO, in our real estate debt business. And on the corporate and real estate side, its assets that grow faster. And so to do that, you need to either buy assets or you're intervening in a big way as we've been doing on the private equity side with some of these corporate carve-outs or in sectors where we have real faith in the growth. And that has been global logistics for us as an example, in real estate, where push online has led to much faster growth. And as Michael pointed out in his comments, the big holdings in real estate for us are definitely more growth oriented, Indian office buildings, life science buildings, single-family housing in the U.S. and in Spain. We've tried to prepare for what we think is coming, which is an environment of higher rates. You can't hide completely, obviously. But I think, as a firm, we've oriented our portfolio that way. We talked about BREIT, that portfolio is almost 50% in logistics versus 8% for the public REIT index. It got almost no retail versus 20% for the public REIT index. So as you think about investing, you don't just buy the market when you're us, you buy teams you truly believe in, you buy assets where you can intervene. And that's how you see the kind of outperformance we delivered in this quarter.
Jonathan Gray: And Tony makes a good point, which is, the strength of the economy is helping to offset things. If you just look at the growth, we talked about it, but we had in our private equity portfolio, probably our strongest quarter in the last 3 or 4 years in terms of EBITDA growth for our companies, and obviously, that's very helpful in the leverage context.
Jonathan Gray: Okay. On the products, I think, insurers just as backdrop, their challenge is, traditionally they bought government bonds and corporate bonds, which delivered adequate return for them. And of course, in a very low-interest rate environment that doesn't work. Also, their liabilities have been going up because of longevity. So they're looking for higher returns. What can they do? They can do more even under their constrained regulatory capital requirements. They can do more of our traditional alternative products. So that's stop number one. Number two are more structured products that may have the appropriate ratings that meet their NAIC requirements, but generate higher returns on average. And that can be in areas like CLOs, it can be in nonconforming mortgages, on the resi side, it can be in commercial mortgage debt. There's a whole universe of things that we touch. If I can just give you a simple example, in the commercial real estate space, we often will make mortgages, sell off the A loan, hold on to a B piece. For the folks who owned that A loan that's a very attractive piece of paper and gets good capital treatment. So there's opportunity inside of our firm given activities we're already conducting to generate favorable risk-adjusted returns for them. But I do think to this product because there's so much demand from the underlying insurers, the key thing we'll be able to deliver to them these things that work in a regulatory framework for them. I think that's really the key. And again, that's why, I think, Blackstone is so well positioned. Because of the breadth of our platform, because we're in credit and private equity and real estate, in debt and equity, we're pretty uniquely set up. I think it's harder for other forms to deliver what we can.
Jonathan Gray: Yes, I think for us, the challenge with public markets is they tend to be pretty short term focused. And so one quarter markets are off and we may not sell as much and our results are lumpier than other companies. But if you look at our company over a longer period of time, the earnings power of the company and the AUM growth are unmistakable. And so for us, continuing to grow the business, which, as we talked about in that virtuous cycle, do a great job for investors, they give you more capital. When that occurs, that should lead to this growing fee - fee earning stream. And then performance fees, you should have a larger and larger base. I would say, continuing to execute against that strategy and showing market participants the power of this model, the idea that we have 50-plus percent margins, we utilize very little to no capital, we're in the terrific space. That we're going to continue to execute that way. Now around your question, specifically, are there things we can do to maximize value this quarter? We've got a couple, we've got a special dividend. We announced a buyback related to keeping our share count constant. We're constantly evaluating what's the right thing to do. We are a very shareholder-friendly company. We want to maximize value. But we have enormous confidence in the base business. I don't know many businesses in the world that can grow the way we do with so little capital. And the prospects, the sector therein has such a favorable outlook. So I know that doesn't answer what is next quarter or the following quarter. But just like this company has over 30 years, the last 10 years, five years, I think, the same story plays out. And I think market participants will begin to recognize this and appreciate us.
Jonathan Gray: So the $20 billion, just to clarify, is a long long-term commitment from our lead investor. And that sort of sits on the shelf. And as we raise third-party capital and deploy it, we can call it down. We don't have any internal target for when we'll raise the outside money or how we'll deploy it over time. Will we deploy it, if that's the question, yes. We're pretty confident that in the fullness of time, we're going to raise matching funds and build a very large business. But there's no set time limit. And a lot of this is going to relate to the opportunity set and the deal flow. The good news out-of-the-box is, when you look across regular way infrastructure, when you look at midstream needs, utility needs, there's a lot of capital needed in these areas, and that gives us a lot of confidence about the scale this business can grow to. But we have not set a specific time limit or target. The nature of this commitment is very helpful for us. Because we're building again another long-term permanent capital vehicle, adding on to what Tony said. This is set up in a way, where once the funds go in, we'll have them for the long-term, which is the right way to own infrastructure assets. So this should grow to be very large, it should grow to be a permanent part of Blackstone. We're going to do it like everything we do in the right way. And the market and the opportunity set will determine how fast it happens.
Jonathan Gray: For sure. Disciple in deployment, but when big opportunities - what makes this fund, I think, particularly interesting is there's a shortage of large pools of capital that can do really big things at reasonable return levels. And we think that's an interesting part of the market. So we're hopeful big opportunities will come along. But as you said, we'll be disciplined.
