Joan Solotar: Great. Thanks, Chancelle. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Blackstone's second quarter 2012 conference call. I'm here today with Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Laurence Tosi, CFO. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and a slide presentation illustrating our results. You can get those on the website and we'll be issuing out our 10-Q over the next few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements which are uncertain outside of the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And we'll refer to non-GAAP measures on this call. So for reconciliations to the GAAP measurements, also look at the press release. I'd like to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation to purchase any interest in the Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and can't be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without permission. So you'll note the new and improved format of our earnings release. We've gotten feedback from several of you. We'd love to hear more. Hopefully, you find it more useful. The idea really was to make it simpler for investors, analysts, press, everyone to review the results and move up some frequently asked-for information that previously we only had in the Q. But again, we're looking for continual feedback, so thanks for all who gave us input. A quick recap of our results. We reported economic net income or ENI of $0.19 per unit for the second quarter. That's down from $0.44 in the first quarter and $0.73 in the second quarter of last year. If you recall, last year's second quarter included the performance fee catch-up in Real Estate that we highlighted at that time. For the second quarter this year, distributable earnings were $188 million, that's $0.16 per common unit. That compares with $0.15 in the first quarter of this year, and once again, we'll be paying out the $0.10 per unit distribution related to common unit holders of record as of August 15. As always, if you have questions on anything in the press release, feel free to follow up with either me or Weston Tucker after the call, and with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Joan Solotar: Generally, when we look at market share, we're looking at our flows versus industry flows in that segment. So for example, we would look at hedge fund flows, fund-of-fund flows, then look at what BAAM's doing and get a feel for share and that's how we know the share has been going up.
Joan Solotar: We also own Park Hill, which, as you know, raises money for third parties and that gives us a good window across Real Estate, hedge funds, Private Equity as to what's happening in the broader industry. So it's a lot of different data points.
Joan Solotar: And in terms of the exit, what we've said is, we would expect that at some point to take that public over the next few years.
Joan Solotar: Yes, I mean, it's -- that report, I think, was inaccurate or at least characterized what's happening inaccurately. So we're not actively marketing our office portfolio. In due course, it will be sold over the next several years that's consistent with what Steve said, the buy it, fix it, sell it model.
Joan Solotar: Yes. And we did sell some small properties. We distributed about $800 million in cash to investors this quarter. That included over $400 million of sales.
Laurence A. Tosi: Sure. Howard, if I start with you, you go back to the disclosure we gave you on Page 22 and I promise I won't keep pointing back to pages, but as it's new to all of us, it's probably easier. What we did was a couple of things. We broke out carried interest from incentive fees, and generally speaking, incentive fees are realized on an annualized basis. So if you maintain the level of values in a particular portfolio and you reach that particular marking period, you get the realization. That's the first part. The second one, I would say is, if you look at the BREDS, which is Real Estate Debt Strategies in Real Estate, and if you look inside the Credit Businesses for all of their funds, those typically are yielding funds upon which we also get carried interest. And if that's your point, it's more recurring in the sense that you're getting a 20% performance fee on asset that yield anywhere between 10% and 12% on an annualized basis. I would also add to that, that several of the larger funds in Real Estate and Private Equity, frankly, given the decent operating environment, are also generating current income as well.
Laurence A. Tosi: And in fact -- Howard, let me just add, in some cases, it can be an advantage because we have the scale to do -- to set up things like our own REITs and whatnot that are big enough to go -- to access the public equity markets that smaller investors couldn't do.
Laurence A. Tosi: Yes, just a little color on that. And we have our analytics around when we're to consider an exit and we look at the return to our investors from continuing to hold versus a return, versus exiting at that price, regardless of where we are in terms of historic gains, and we have our hurdle rates for that. And depending on the risk, we'll assess as are we get paid enough to wait, to justify taking the risk and owning the company, and that's the kind of analytical decision we make. We make it all -- we're analyzing it all the time.
Laurence A. Tosi: The only thing, Bill, I'd add to that is that even in the market share in the markets we play in, we are not really still statistically significant. I mean, you're looking at our market share in any one of the markets we play in is less than low single digits, so that's not a limiter. What we have seen, though, in the 2 most recent fundraisings both in our mezzanine fund and GSO and the most recent BREP fundraising is a sharp increase in the diversification of high-quality LPs. So this recent BREP fund will have almost 40% new LPs over and above the ones that were already there, and in the GSO fund, it was almost twice as many. So you can see the allocation differences or trends evidencing themselves in the new fundraising.
Laurence A. Tosi: No, I don't think so. I think right now we're comfortable with where we've been. Actually our level of liquidity and the makeup of the balance sheet's been consistent over, frankly, several years. As you've seen, when given the opportunity, we have been strategic with the balance sheet to make acquisitions to bolt on things that we think are very strategically important. You will see in the quarter that we did re-up our revolving credit line, simply taking advantage of the fact that our credit was in demand, our bonds traded very well, we're viewed positively in the credit markets and the pricing was in the right place. So we extended that over the last, we just finished that about a week ago, for another year, so it's about $1.1 billion facility at less than our prior pricing and it actually has some new names in it. So, we feel good about where the balance sheet is. We think it's of strategic importance. At this growth level, I think we're in the right place.
Laurence A. Tosi: Michael, you're right. Your instinct is right. It's not actually related to buildout, it was related to marketing activities. In some cases, when you do fundraisings, there's a decrease in the early time of the fund because you have an offset for basically distribution fees. And so the comp ratio will come up slightly because it's mistimed against the actual comp, and of course, then there's comp with respect to marketing. So that slight dip and you'll see it in Real Estate, for example, because they had fundraising in the quarter, that's just a onetime event that will then flatten out over that but it's -- that's what it reflects. It reflects the heightened business development activity.
Laurence A. Tosi: Dan, it's LT. I think the way to think about that, we try to break this out to make it a little easier. So if you look at the base management fees not earning fees sort of we're not keeping it's $5.4 billion, another way to look at it is, we go back to the credit business page, you'll see the amount of capital deployed in the quarter. So in this particular quarter, we put about $450 million to work and the way to think about that, that will play through. I would point out, though, that, that tends to be somewhat lumpy and $450 million is actually somewhat muted relative to their run rate over the last year. By the time they finish raising their last mezzanine fund, they were 25% invested from the first closings. So I would take that number and I'd roll it forward. The investment period remaining on the rescue fund, the last rescue fund is probably the next. I think, they think by the end of the year that'll close and the mezzanine fund is in its first of 3 years.
Laurence A. Tosi: Well, it's a couple of things. First of all, we realize them pro rata add when we sell investment by investment, which is different than some of the structures that are out there. So what you're looking at right now, you're looking at the total receivable about $176 million in that segment, of which $106 million is related to the Mezzanine and rescue fund. I think that's the number you're pointing at. That'll be realized as we exit some of those investments and, frankly, it's a matter of time and the particular asset. It's somewhat hard to predict and that's why we decided giving you the receivable over time and you can see its fluctuations.
Laurence A. Tosi: Marc, it's LT. Hilton's primarily in 3 funds, and so it's in BCP V, it's in BREP VI and BREP V. The biggest concentration is in BREP VI and the concentrations in BREP BCP will be the second-largest and BREP V being the third.
Laurence A. Tosi: And if I can for a second, I just wanted to interrupt because I wanted to correct something that I said before, Marc, in answer to your questions about Hilton because I just wanted to make sure that we're 100% accurate here. So Hilton is primarily in BREP VI, that's where the largest investment for the firm is. Second largest concentration's in BCP V. The third then is that we have a substantial amount of co-invest in that investment. And then the last piece of it -- the last 2 pieces are in BREP International II and on the balance sheet so it's a very pervasive investment in Blackstone but everything else we said holds.
Laurence A. Tosi: Right. Chris, a couple of things. This is the same presentation, we made one change to it in response to investors, which was we used to have a category called unrealized investments and then one called partially realized or realized investments. And the conclusion was, the partially realized or realized bundled together was a little bit confusing. So we break the 2 apart. So it's either realized or it's unrealized. But in the realized portion, we don't put the unrealized portion of something that's been partially realized. So by creating that kind of bright line, if you will, you're right, the updating of the numbers, if you went to them sequentially wouldn't make sense, but we'll give you some background on that on the Q to give you some color to clear that up specifically, Chris. But that's the difference. But it's the catch-up.
Laurence A. Tosi: I think the better metric on that, because, first of all, that fluctuates somewhat with respect to where you are and where it leverages, and there's a lot of different assumptions as to how you would get to that, but I think the better measure is to look at as things aren't sold just on the equity piece, they're sold on the total enterprise value. And so the total enterprise value change required to get to the hurdle is 13%. It was 12% at the end of last quarter.
Laurence A. Tosi: And I also think, Chris, just look at the change in the balances with respect to the performance fees, they're going up at a pretty good rate. So you can see that the value being created for both the investors and those funds and the shareholders is solid right now.
Laurence A. Tosi: I think it's pretty low interest rates, as monies come back into the U.S. banking system, the system, certainly with the largest bank is -- the banks are underlent. It's an underlent system looking for earning assets. And if this will happen, don't give us too much credit for prescience, though that would be great we're only...
Laurence A. Tosi: So the last question I think you had, Jeff, was about the operating expenses in Real Estate and credit, and you're correct. The run rate in the second quarter is down from the first quarter, which reflects a decrease in business development expenses related to the latest BREP fund and the closing of the Mezzanine funding credit. So the second quarter run rate is more reflective of the ongoing run rate than it is the first.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: This is Steve. No, in Real Estate on the buy side, there's obviously a distinct advantage and there's lots and lots of things to do. It's doing them all over the world and we think in that business, we have a very unique advantage in terms of being able to marshal the largest funds in the world to do those transactions and not to be underestimated that we have a high level of integrity here, and when we make deals, we make them and so people choose to really like to do business with us in the real estate industry, and that has been a very strong advantage for us over the years. In terms of exit, one of the great things about real estate is, you can buy a large highly complex pool of assets, but you can sell them one by one where there's no complexity at all for the buyer. Or you can sell them in a group of assets. And we can tailor exits to market demand and it provides enormous flexibility on both timing, size, and we've just done that. We just sold 4 hotels out of the whole group. Somebody wanted those particular hotels. We got a very good price, we believe, for it and our whole approach in that businesses is to buy properties that are either undervalued or have something that needs to be fixed. We fix them and then we sell them. So the complexity and the scale of the buy does not limit us on the sell.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: And one other thing with that, not to spend all our time on this, but it's actually so much fun, is that when you buy a big complex thing, you get a discount for doing that because you don't have the competition, either because of that size, somebody else can't marshal that. When you sell them, the assets in smaller amounts, you get much, much better cap rates. So not only do you fix the things up, you arbitrage the value to a more normal size, which makes it inherently a very good structure for us.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes, I mean, it's actually the real world. We live in the real world, and when the real world is slowing down, when markets last quarter, for example, were down 6% globally, that is not an ideal time to be exiting assets where we have money locked up for 10 to 12 years. In some cases, the companies aren't quite ready to exit. But as to timing, that's not exactly when you really try and do something, in effect jamming an exit just to get liquidity. We have no pressures at all for liquidity other than the fact that it would be great to sell everything as if we were near market top, which we're not as the global economy is going through a slowdown and a relative tough time. So what we do, when we look at an exit to see where we are in terms of the improvement of the asset and are we in an environment which will support a very high exit multiple, either in the marketplace, which looks iffy now, because of the difficulty of doing IPOs or to strategic buyers who tend to pay higher prices than the public markets. And I think if you look forward, and if we have a change in the economy for the positive, which will happen obviously at some point, that with strategic buyers loaded with cash, certainly in the U.S. and Canada, Latin America and Asia, that in that part of the cycle, we will be able to have very, very substantial realizations at surprisingly high prices, which is what tends to happen when the cycle really swings for you. And that cycle isn't swinging now, virtually anyplace in the world, and so our job is just simply to wait, keep improving the companies, feeding them capital, getting them to expand as rapidly as they can and there is a moment when we will puff these things out. And normally, over our evaluations, it's 20% to 25% and that's with a mix of a bunch of IPOs and a bunch of strategic sales. So I -- we don't mean to be even vaguely defensive about this. This is really just the way the world works and we'll be able to produce very strong returns when that happens.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: And as Tony mentioned, one other interesting thing is when you're holding a company and you're growing it, it's not like a bad thing is happening. And in addition, if you're paying down debt, that's really providing a return on your investors' equity which you will fully realize at a future time.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: And we can see in each of our business lines, because we manage money from the vast majority of people who are eligible to give it to us, we've got a feel of who they're giving money to, how much we're getting, whether we're increasing in absolute terms with that account or in relative terms compared to our competition.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: So, for example, in the Real Estate, assuming we get to our cap of $13 billion probably the next biggest fund in the world that'll be raised in that opportunity class will be several billion and our previous fund was $10 billion, this one would be $13 billion. Everybody else has shrunken hugely or been eliminated. So that's an easy class to measure that. BAAM is easy also because the results are published and we're significantly larger than anybody else and we keep growing and most other people in that class are stable to shrinking because those results are public. We can see our growth in credit also compared to our principal competitors, the asset class, is growing and we're growing very rapidly with that. So we have a pretty good sense of how to back that up as an assertion.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes, one question you asked that we didn't answer, which Tony, I think, did a very eloquent job of discussing on the press call, was your question about the increase of alternatives by the sources of capital. And you've seen the results from some of the large pension funds which are running 12 months, I guess, ending July -- June 30, 1% to 1.5% returns. This is utterly unsustainable for the pension fund system. And as Tony mentioned quite correctly is, that these funds increasingly need to have higher returns, and the only place where you can reliably do it is not in public markets. It's really in the alternative class. And we've seen a renewed interest and emphasis. There are special accounts, separate accounts being formed, institutions talking to us about how do we get higher levels of return with safety because we really need this stuff. It's not -- this isn't like college where these are elective. This started off as an elective course, alternatives, and it's moving into core curriculum because if we can keep giving these very high returns with very low downside risk, then you're going to have this continued shift to alternatives just because there's no place else for these funds to actually go on a risk-adjusted basis to beat their hurdles. And as Tony said, nobody is looking for higher taxes to put money into these anyway to outearn it. And so I think in that sense, the alternative class is well positioned, extremely well positioned, and our firm, in particular, is the only one that has this very substantial representation and outperformance in all 4 of the major alternative areas, Private Equity, Real Estate, hedge funds and credit. But I just wanted to loop back with you because we didn't answer that one.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think one of the things that's neat is that because there's very little building, we have a big exposure to the U.S. obviously, that because there's virtually no building going on in the United States. I guess we reported that occupancies improved by 300 basis points. If you take those types of improvements as you get closer to full, more normal levels of occupancy, you tend to get, if you're just talking about office or any of these asset classes, you get rent spikes or rent start going up. And when you sell those types of assets at that time period, where there's a perception that rents are going to be going up significantly above trend, you can get much more for those buildings. So in effect, we monitor all of these asset classes, we monitor the particular assets we own and where they are located to see where we are close to that kind of acceleration of revenue. And we get a much higher price because Real Estate itself is leveraged. So you get like a double bang on that.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Real Estate is such a huge and diverse asset class that one of the wonderful things about the business is you can tell your exits to almost the size of any buyer of scale. And so laying out what you can do in each of the areas is something that we obviously keep in touch with, but it's a extremely broad group of potential buyers for virtually every one of the asset classes that we're in. And if you look at the number of REITs, the number of private owners of Real Estate, the number of institutions who like to buy Real Estate of the type that we own for income purposes as core Real Estate. It's a huge number of potential buyers.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I would say that we are accelerating our gain there and it's quite interesting that in institutions in the liquid area really are quite downside-focused and we provide a lot of unique problem-solving that we don't just issue a fund to fund. We also have all kinds of state-of-the-art technology, tying ourselves into the LPs with reporting within other types of services that we provide. And you can check that the industry produces, I forget whether it's quarterly or semiannual numbers in terms of where the different groups stand, and we're continuing to put daylight between ourselves and the other managers in that asset class.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: And also, we benefit at the firm on the growth in the overall hedge fund area through our Park Hill area. We're a very significant marketer of hedge funds to institutions where we have a fee structure, where we get ongoing fees from those clients.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: We haven't really seen competition from the traditional players. At one point, there was some competition from the hedge fund industry that, for the most part, either blew off its left hand or its right hand trying to do this type of investing. You'll see some fee pressure just because institutions generally are having difficulty reaching their actuarial returns and they're looking for all kinds of different areas from personnel cuts in their own organizations to consolidation of managers, which so they can handle things easier at lower cost which really benefits our firm to some type of fee pressure on virtually everyone they touch in the institutional money management area. That's a normal type of thing when the customer is under pressure themselves. And the way that rolls through for us is, that we tend to get a larger market share of the business as institutions concentrate. It might hit us a little bit with some fee pressure in some areas. Sometimes incentives change a bit where we can make that up with higher performance. But there's an inexorable move, Marc, to more and more assets in this class, which is a big offset, if you will, from an earnings perspective for a superior manager picking up share.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: We're not sitting around, picking a moment. We're fixing the properties, we're seeing the cycle ripen, and we'll be exiting in due course. We get people call us all the time for assets and REITs, want to buy things. And so it's really a question of our choosing not whether we can exit these types of assets.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: In terms of question number one, limitation on the Hedge Fund-to-Funds, we keep actually customizing different types of strategies, and there appears to be a huge demand for different types of strategies, both between debt equity, commodities, other types of assets done either globally or regionally. And when you look at all of those different types of approaches with clients with different levels of risk appetite, that you'll be able to see that there's a very large potential appetite for growth of our services to those institutional clients with some just getting into the asset class for the first time.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: A lot of new entrants with that and new entrants tend to want to work with some -- with an organization that has a top reputation because the asset class is often viewed by boards of trustees as a little risky. And so doing it on your own has career risk potentially for people working at these institutions. In terms of the home purchasing business, you're absolutely right that there is a limitation in terms of how you manage this thing. Hold on, I got like a phone call here.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes, make no mistake that the critical variable here is the one you recognize, and we are super careful about what we're doing because you don't want to have unhappy people in those homes, you don't want to have complaints. You want to make sure that you've done your diligence which is on a very micro level. It's really house by house. Just buying huge pools to put some assets on and hope that works is not our strategy because you can have some bad outcomes there. So we're putting together in very granular way an operating approach that will work, combined with the buy side. But it's really having your infrastructure in places like any really good entrepreneurial activity. Imagine starting a firm like ours without a back office that really works, you'll blow yourself up and that'll do the same thing with some people who are playing around with this asset class as well.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think what happens is, that your ability to typically set up a deal that is correlated to M&A volume. And M&A volume tends to dry up when economies go down. It's like a cycle that never changes. There are always interesting things to buy in the private equity industry. There's always some country that tends to be out of cycle. There are always some assets that gets sold on a distressed basis. There's always some assets that need to be sold for liquidity reasons. And so there's always a steady stream, but you have these peaks and valleys. The valleys tend to occur when economies are weak or going down because nobody typically likes to buy an asset and find out that 6 months to a year later, because its earnings went down or the markets went down and you bought an asset that's worth a lot less than you paid. So the experience we've had over sort of 26 years of doing this is that you expect investment rates to be somewhat lower in times when things are going down. And when you hit the bottom and it starts coming up, that's the time when you want to be deploying maximum amounts of money, if you are a market timer. And we actually try to be a bit of market-timers. Some things you can buy when things are down that are readily viable, more energy assets and things of that type. People need capital and you can fulfill that need and you can buy them cheap, and that's our business. But if you're looking for just a steady investment rate, it does, of course, fluctuate with overall economic conditions.
Hamilton Evans James: But Michael, as you get towards full occupancy and it's never 100% because you've always got some turnover, as you get close to that, it becomes an obvious thing for you guys to think about that would be the time we'd be selling. Because I guess that's one of some of the other factors Steve's talking about would kick in.
Hamilton Evans James: Yes, okay. Well, the -- I think they're thinking that, that sort of revenues from here have sort of bottomed out and that you get a little bit stronger revenue growth to start with. Nothing dramatic but a little bit stronger because as things -- as some of the leadership issues clarify themselves are one thing and another -- and Europe deals with issues, are one thing and another. In addition to that, you've had kind of an interesting commodity cost cycle, where it takes a while for those to work through the chain. But we recently had some lower commodity costs, which are starting to come through the chain now, which are actually reducing some of the cost of other companies. Well, between -- and by the way, some of them also, it just might be natural optimism, we asked the CEOs to be as disciplined and as skeptical as they can be, but they believe, for the most part, they've got actions they're taking that will work and will grow their companies. And so there might be some extra optimism in that. But collectively, those 3 factors mean that they're looking at a stronger second half than they believe.
Hamilton Evans James: Right. So it's a complicated answer and it's hard to generalize. But I would say that generally, the capital-intensive business that's part of Wall Street that are ongoing businesses are hard to fit in funds and hard to fit in our firm. We're not an asset-heavy business, we don't want to be an asset-heavy business. We manage other people's money. And certainly, other people don't want to put money and then have it be there forever. So it's hard to have an operating business around the fund that has a sunset. However, there are certainly a bit things we can create that supplement a base load of capital and we looked at some of those. There also things that these companies, that the Wall Street firms might sell. Ironically, they're not the capital-intensive businesses, but are the noncapital-intensive businesses that have a lot of value because that's where you really get a lot of the pickup in terms of regulatory capital and capital cushion, and so there'll be some of those trades as well.
Hamilton Evans James: Well, on M&A, I think we need to, in general, the corporate executives around the world need to feel like confident about where the major economies of the world are going and about what kind of regulatory environment and new regulations they're facing and in terms of the leadership in the key countries. I mean, and all of those things are sort of up for grabs right now. And so I don't see a robust M&A market until those things clarify, which they will. I couldn't tell you exactly when any more than you could. You'd probably know it better than I would. But it will clarify, that I'm pretty sure about, and at that point the M&A mark will swing up. We don't actually have to feed a lot of new capital into our portfolio of companies unless they want to make acquisitions. But generally speaking, on the growth initiatives, they can sell fund, though, so we don't tend to have dribs into the portfolio companies for those things. But if there's a transformational acquisition that requires a lot of outside equity, we love those because we're a synergistic buyer. In an environment where there's not much M&A, we can sometimes get some pretty good deals.
Hamilton Evans James: In some cases, there are also strategic buyers and international sort of sovereign wealth fund guys so as Steve said it's -- and then I think, I don't know somewhere maybe in the press call we talked about it, and in some cases we can access the public markets directly ourselves, with portfolios on REITs. It's a full plant panoply and we'll see what's best at the time.
Hamilton Evans James: Mostly our big managers are best flat and many are declining so yes, we continue -- and that's in the hedge fund fund-to-funds broadly defined. In the direct hedge funds, though, there's quite a growth of direct hedge fund so I'm not sure the Fund-to-Funds industry -- the Fund-to-Funds industry in itself is not growing as fast as the hedge fund industry, so we're taking share in the Fund-to-Funds industry.
Hamilton Evans James: The company is doing very well. And as the RevPARs keep growing and we keep opening units around the world, we also have a terrific management there, led by Chris Maceda [ph], and the whole investment has got a very good feel to it.
Hamilton Evans James: Yes, I'll add just one note on that, I would say to the extent there's fee cutting it's in terms for a greater volume of assets and net-net is better for us.
Hamilton Evans James: Let me handle that. So it's a very labor-intensive local business because, obviously, you've got rental units all over the place, and the furnace breaks, somebody got to go fix it. So what we've done is, first of all, we've concentrated in a few regions of the country. And where we have the infrastructure and that infrastructure has come primarily from strategic partners that already run a lot of rental units, most of them apartment units, but not necessarily exclusively apartment units. And so we've teamed up and that's how we do that. And as we build the infrastructure in new regions, where we think it's attractive in terms of the home price appreciation and the availability of merchandise, some of the demographic factors and other things we look at, we then enter new regions. And this could be quite large, but certainly hundreds of millions of equity. I don't know how large it'll be because it seems like all of a sudden, it's getting a lot of -- a lot more attention and added capital's coming. When that happens, then pricing will adjust. We'll have to see how it plays out but so far, we're quite excited about it. And we think it's really good for the economy and for the people in the homes and for a lot of things. So we think it's a really exciting thing to do.
Hamilton Evans James: Mike, we put $2 billion committed and invested in the first half of this year in Private Equity. That's a pretty good level. I mean, the fund size won't support much more than that on a sustained basis. But so that's what I want to say. Second I want to say, it's lumpy so that you can -- one deal can be $800 million of equity or something then when it swings so you get close to a deal and then maybe you miss it, you don't invest quite so much that quarter. That quarter, you might do 2 or 3 of them and all of a sudden it looks like a huge investment rate. So just remember that it's quite lumpy. In Real Estate, of course, they're putting out money in sort of a record pace right now that's unsustainable.
Hamilton Evans James: Well, we always, good times or bad, we try to get as much efficiency and drive as much growth as we can. So we've been at that and it's one of the reasons right through the downturn that our company has grew EBITDA and grew revenues in 2008, 2009, 2010, they continue to chug along. So I can't single out anything in particular that's new and different that we weren't doing.
