Jon Gray: So Craig, it's a good question. I think it's hard to put an exact number, but there are some, I think, very positive signs. The fact that we have $19 billion committed at the end of the quarter is a good forward indicator of a lot of activity. I would say that just the volume of what we're seeing across our business, our equity strategies, is picking up. We did this last quarter, our first growth deal in a while, buying an ERP software business in Israel. We're seeing good activity in our secondaries business, that has clearly picked up year-on-year. I think double the activity over last year's level. Infrastructure quite busy. Real estate a little more episodic, but we are definitely leaning in as we've talked about, and then private equity, broad based global. We bought a couple of companies in Japan. We bought an insurance brokerage in India. We bought some software and online platforms in Europe. We bought a fast food business here in the United States. And I would say by virtue, and I said it last quarter, sort of my briefcase indicator continues to be getting full and indicates that there should be increasing solid levels of transaction activity. So I think the fact that we're seeing rates coming down, the market's being more conducive, more people are thinking about selling assets. I think as the IPO market reopens, we should see more. It's hard to say it's a straight line, but the overall trend lines on investing are positive.
Jon Gray: Well, obviously the sentiment for investors on real estate has been pretty negative given what's happened in much of their portfolios. We have been an outlier. We've raised over $8 billion for our latest opportunistic European fund. We've raised now a little over $5 billion for our latest real estate debt fund. You know, I think they are going to be a little more cautious going into open-ended funds until they see more of a pickup. I think it is an area that's probably a little more muted for a period of time, just because of investor caution, but we've seen this before. If you went back to the financial crisis, people wait for the numbers to get better, to feel better about a sector, and then they start to jump in. I will say the tenor of the conversations around real estate have improved. I think people are recognizing that prices have reset and that it's an interesting time to get back in. And I think one of the really important things, and Steve pointed this out in his remarks, is the differentiation of our performance. The fact that we're three-quarters allocated to logistics, rental housing and data centers, which looks very different than other investors. And I think like the financial crisis, it may take a bit of time, but when people see the dispersion in performance and how we've done, I think we'll see significant capital moving in our direction. So the path of travel here I think for us is good, but in real estate I think it'll take a little bit of time just because of the experience investors have had in the sector.
Jon Gray: Well, I think it is a big area of opportunity, because I think you can offer clients higher returns in investment-grade private credit, particularly in the asset-backed sector, because you are able to take out a lot of the distribution costs in an ABS transaction and so we've seen a tremendous amount of interest in this area. In fact, we talk about 15 SMAs with insurance companies away from the big four strategic partnerships and virtually all of those have some piece of asset-backed finance. It could be fund finance, it could be transportation, digital; it could be green energy, it could be residential. We're just seeing a tremendous amount of interest in this area. We've been building up the number of platforms. We have partnerships, flow agreements with banks. We've been making some smaller strategic investments from our partners as you know. We have a balance sheet light approach to this. But I think that market is something like a $5 trillion market, and the penetration remains very low and we have seen a big pickup in terms of our volumes in this area and I would expect you'll see more. I would also point out that the build-out of the AI infrastructure which Steve’s dwelled on, and I think is really important, much of that will be in asset-backed finance. And so if you think about financing data centers and financing the power that's going to support that, it will be ABF. And the fact that we have an enormous equity business that invests in scale in both of these areas and have a lot of expertise, makes credit investors and insurance companies particularly want to allocate more capital. So it feels to us like a very big market, early days in terms of penetration, and because these are long-duration assets, I think the holders really appreciate additional spread, and the dialogue in this area is as good as anywhere at the firm today.
Jon Gray: You know, I think on the pre-election side, I think investors, frankly, are more focused on what's happening with the economy and in particular with inflation. I know there will be a lot of press coverage of course, rightfully on how the Democrats, Republicans are doing, how things look. But I think if we get good prints on inflation that gives the Fed more air cover to cut rates, that will be more determinative of how markets perform. So I think that is really the key thing to keep your eye on, even though there will be a lot of press focus on the election itself. I think post-election, you could see some very different policies. I would just back up and say look, we've operated in blue environments and red and purple environments, and the constant for us is delivering great returns for our customers and that's what we focus on. And we focus on a lot of these long-term trends that we've talked about, what's happening in digitalization, what's happening in power, in life sciences, the growth of the alternatives business, private credit. We think those are the long-term determinants of value. That being said, what happens here, there will be differences. There'll be differences in the regulatory front. Certainly if you had a Republican administration in areas like antitrust, you would see a different posture I would believe. On energy, you could see, obviously, a different approach on hydrocarbons versus renewables, and you have to factor that into investing. And you could see a very different policy in terms of tariffs broadening out and maybe being certainly higher, and you have to think about that in terms of manufacturing businesses. So the good news is, I think we have a pretty good sense of what that may look like, and we're really focused on the long-term in some of these big sectors where we think there are huge opportunities. And regardless of which side wins, I think those things will be really the critical item in terms of driving higher returns.
Jon Gray: So a couple of things on the secondaries business. One, I would say is that if you just look at what's happening in alternatives, the growth in alternatives, which has been a double-digit grower now for a long period of time, what we've seen is the need for liquidity as an asset class grows. So that's why secondaries business continues to grow, and our business, which we started with 10 years ago at $10 billion has grown eightfold. So there's a need for liquidity. Even today, if you look at the volume of secondaries that trade, it's 1% to 2% of the underlying NAV in funds, which is very low for most asset classes in terms of liquidity. So there is, as alternatives grow, the fact that this sector, there's not enough liquidity today in the sector, and the sector is growing. It creates a secular opportunity. Also, as you know, in the institutional market what we've seen is a bunch of clients are over their targets, and that's creating a deployment opportunity. So I think we as the largest player in the space feel very good. When you comment on returns, if you look at those overall, they've been remarkably strong. Yes, in recent quarters not as strong, but since inception, mid-teens or higher returns, latest funds, high-teens net returns. So when we think about going back out to raise our next flagship fund, our confidence level is extremely high. Our last vintage, I think, was $22 billion for our private equity secondaries business. The team there, Verdun Perry has done an incredible job. Our expectation is we would raise something larger. So it feels like a segment that is well-positioned, that there is a bit of structural inefficiency that's allowed you to generate attractive returns. Clients are beginning to really recognize that the risk return is favorable, and we think it can continue to be a real growth driver here at Blackstone.
Jon Gray: So what we said on real-estate, and you guys know, because we've been certainly talking about it for some time, is there are a couple of, I'd say very positive signs that are emerging in the overall real-estate picture. Office, as we've said, is more challenged. Vacancy rates in office today are sort of mid-20s, and it's going to take a while to work through that. In the other sectors, the fundamentals are better. If you think about apartments and logistics in the U.S. 5%, 6% vacancy. Demand has softened a bit, but pretty steady I'd say in both of those areas. Very positively supply has come down 50%-ish in multifamily starts, 75% from the peaks in warehouse starts, so that's very good long term. But the near-term thing that has really impacted price and transaction volume has been cost and availability of capital. So, if you went back to the fall, the tenor was 80 basis points higher than it is today. Spreads were probably 100 or more basis points wider, and the CMBS market was basically closed. That's changed pretty significantly, and the result of that is, in those sectors where we have our greatest exposure, which would be logistics and rental housing, we see 2x, 3x more bidders showing up to buy assets. So I think that is clearly a positive. We have said we don't see some sort of rocket ship V-shaped recovery here. But we definitely have seen, if you look at the Green Street Property Report, six quarters, as I noted, where things have been flat and rising, and the sentiment's improving. So you've got a better cost of capital environment. You've got decent fundamentals, in that sense, the groundwork. And if you went back to the financial crisis of course, we started deploying in the summer of ‘09. There were still plenty of negative headlines from troubled deals for the next couple of years, and it was a great deployment period for us. There's some similarities we're seeing today. The sentiment, we think, will stay negative because there still will be some troubled assets to work through the system. But on the ground prices have cleared, and some of these headwinds have gone away, and that creates a favorable environment, and what we're doing now is seed planting for the future. So these huge public to privates we've done in the U.S., the big push in European logistics, we think this will pay real dividends for our investors over time.
Jon Gray: Yeah. In our Core+ institutional business, we've seen a little bit of a pickup. It's still single digit in terms of the redemption queue across our BPP product line. I think, as you know in this, different than what we have in our individual investor vehicle, that it's based on new capital coming in, in terms of providing liquidity over time, and the institutional investors have a recognition that it takes time in a period of like this to get liquidity. As I said earlier on fundraising, my expectation would be open-ended funds will take some time before investors feel a little more confident. We're starting to see some interest, particularly folks thinking about could they buy in at a little bit of a discount and so forth. But I think it's a question of working our way through the cycle. Again here, I think we've done a very nice job on how we've set these portfolios up for success over time in terms of the portfolio positioning. But I would say my expectations on inflows here would be a little bit muted over the near term. But as fundamentals, certainly as real-estate starts to deliver more positive performance, we can see the shift and that's exactly what happened. If you went back to the post-financial crisis period, interestingly what you see in that case is people want to get deployed and then they pull their redemptions from the queue. So in many cases, they get in the queue thinking about, well maybe I want liquidity. Then when the world turns, they pull that back. So, I think that could happen over time as well, and it is obviously a tie here to what happens in the cycle.
Jon Gray: As you noted, there was a short-term impact in May in BREIT specifically as investors got nervous. We were able to assure investors that we managed the liquidity in a very differentiated way, and then we saw in June redemption specifically in BREIT come down pretty sharply 50% from May levels. As I noted in my remarks, month-to-date so far, they've come down additionally. We have not seen a dramatic change or frankly much of a change in terms of sentiment or what's happening in the private wealth channel. I think in real estate specifically, investors are still waiting and seeing here a bit, although we pointed out in the quarter, we had our best inflows in BREIT in a year. BCRED had its best quarter in two years in fundraising and BXPE has continued to raise significant money, and that has been a very successful launch in the first six months. Ultimately, this is about performance. That's what matters. That's what drives things. It's the same story as our institutional business. We are relentless in focusing on where we invest capital, how we manage the assets and how we deliver returns. If you look at BREIT since inception, remarkable double-digit net returns over 7.5 years, more than double the public REIT index. You look at the double-digit net returns in BCRED, the strong start for BXPE, this is what ultimately matters to our underlying clients, and this is what we've got to do. I think, frankly, getting through this downturn period and people seeing the semi-liquid structure work, I think will give additional confidence. So, as long as we continue to execute, I think that's the key in this private wealth channel. I feel good about our ability to do that. So our confidence in the channel remains extremely high.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Bill. It's definitely an area of large-scale opportunity, and everybody in the industry is recognizing this now. I think credit to our firm to get into this well before other people, to focus on financial advisors and their underlying clients, to build out now a 300-plus person global team led by Joan Solotar that's focused on serving individual investors and also innovating, creating these perpetual products that brought costs down very significantly from what had existed historically in non-traded REITs, non-traded BDCs, and really innovating to create things that would work from a cost structure, tax standpoint, liquidity standpoint. So I think we will see more competitors move into the space. The advantage we have is our brand. I touched on it at the end of my remarks, but I think that is perhaps the most powerful asset of our firm along with our people. Investors know us, trust us, because we've done such a great job investing capital for four decades. The relationship and reservoir of goodwill we have with individual investors in in the products, in the results we've delivered in BREIT and BCRED, and in the drawdown funds that we have sold into the channel have built up a lot of positive feelings. So I think others will show, but we're continuing to innovate here. We talked about in the remarks, new products in infrastructure and multi-asset credit. I think the one advantage I'd say in this market versus the institutional market, there you can have thousands and thousands of individual private equity firms or real-estate firms, credit firms. I think when you get to private wealth, the brands are going to matter, the scale, the ability to service. I think it'll be a smaller number of players in that segment. It'll grow over time, but it requires something different. We have a pretty meaningful first mover advantage, $240 billion of total assets. We are absolutely committed to delivering great performance and great service to the underlying customer. So, we recognize it's going to be more competitive. Others will try to do things in the marketplace. We respect them, but we really like our first mover position in this very large and growing market.
Jon Gray: So we love Europe. I'll be there next week, but it is harder on the regulatory front. If you look at the European Union, you have a completely different set of rules for private wealth products, almost by country, and some of the rules, I do believe, need to be updated. The definitions of who can invest, the term professional investor, which is technical. There are a lot of limitations by country, and the structures you can use are very different. So you have to attack Italy different than Switzerland and Spain or Germany. We built up a lot of capabilities. We're having some success today with our European direct lending platform, although it's still small. I think European investors ultimately will want the same thing as U.S. investors. They tend to be a little more risk averse as you know, but I think their desire for strong returns in a product that's designed and works for them will be high. We're a persistent bunch. We're going to stick at it in Europe. We do want to work with the regulators to try to make this a little bit more of a user-friendly environment. The distributors, the big financial institutions recognize this as well. So I think it's a long-term process. I think it can change. We've seen some changes in places like Japan that were conducive to selling some of these private wealth products. I think we will over time hopefully see changes in Europe, because I think the products make a lot of sense for customers. So, we'll stick at it, and it's probably going to take some time.
Michael Chae: And I'd just add, Alex. This is Michael. In terms of the breadth drawdown area, obviously, I think our timing was fortuitous in terms of being able to raise those funds over the last two or three years and now being in a really amazing position with $60 billion of dry powder. And so we're in a good position where subject to finishing the Europe drawdown fundraise where we have a lot of dry powder to invest from those opportunistic vehicles.
Michael Chae: Sure. Hey Brian. Look, I think the underlying sort of trajectory and the baseline for margins, certainly ex-FRE per, is one of stability in the near term, and we think operating leverage over the long term. I think you note correctly the two sort of key variables in the near term, fee holidays and that level of sensitivity to fee-related performance revenues on fee holidays, corporate private equity energy transition, both activated in this quarter, as I mentioned. We'll have some other funds that'll be in holiday proportions in the second half. So we'll come through that in the latter part of the year and into next year. Then second, that level of sensitivity to fee-related performance revenues. So core plus fee-related performance revenues do carry higher incremental margins generally as do direct lending incentive fees. On the other side for infrastructure, Q4 represents its first large crystallization. As we've been building and scaling out that business, it carries with it a modestly lower effective margin at this stage of its development. But of course, it's been performing extraordinarily well, and that's very positive for FRE on an absolute dollar basis. So overall, in the near term, we'd expect full year margins to be sort of in a reasonable range relative to last year, where it falls within that function of the factors I mentioned that you cited. Then longer term, that sort of picture of stability and over time of operating leverage. So, I think you framed the picture right. I think you alluded to the right couple of variables, and both the near term and into 2025. Obviously, on a long-term basis we're very comfortable and optimistic about it.
Michael Chae: Yeah, I think Patrick, there has been over time a bit more of that dynamic that involves to some degree the open-ended funds and the nature of how those work. There have been some shifts in terms of allocation of capital between businesses that cross segments. Also, we had in the second quarter that the move from a reporting standpoint, a couple of businesses between credit and BXMA. So that's been – the nature of the business involves more of that, but it’s not – I think it's not going to be dramatically different over time.
