Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Well, actually, my wife has asked me the same question because you just pack more stuff in and you sleep less. And it's very interesting type of position to have because you touch a lot of people in the administration. And the whole administration is in a startup phase. And, as you know, most of the cabinet heads aren't even confirmed yet. So there is a startup element of it in terms of my role which is I'm not a member in the administration. I am chairing a committee. I'm like a full-time person of Blackstone that's getting sort of sucked into a lot of interesting things that are happening, because, as I said in my remarks, a lot of people around the world are sort of observing all these changes that seem to come out every day and are looking for some type of interpretation of what that means or might mean. And so that's created, I think, a short-term bubble for me to do a lot of stuff. But I don't think that that will continue at the same level for a sustained period of time once they stand up all the cabinet heads. We will have regular meetings with the President and supposed to be every month. And so that's a very interesting thing in a rapidly changing environment. But my full-time job is at Blackstone and I'm shoehorning all this other stuff in. And one other thing. I mean you have to recognize Blackstone is a really terrific place. And I'm just like one person. I happened to lead off this call but that's a little illusory. And at every place at the firm, led by Tony, it's really an extraordinary place. And I'm still reading every memo. I'm doing all that stuff. And eventually I'll go back to a more normal life.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: One thing I'd say, this is Steve, at the risk of prolonging this answer is that in life you have to have a dream. And one of the dreams is our desire and the market's need to have more access at retail to alternative asset products. As I said in my prepared remarks, if you look at those returns, those are really stunning. And at the moment, a lot of people are not allowed to put those into retirement vehicles and other types. One of the interesting issues when you have a new government is whether they want to continue that type of prohibition or not because what it's doing is denying people sort of a better retirement. And if there is a change in that area, that becomes a huge opportunity for the firm. We already have lots of white space that Joan was talking about. So we're not defective in terms of things to do every day to increase sort of penetration, but there is ability for something to get changed that could be really, really impactful. And we'll see what happens with that. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thank you, Steve.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think – and Tony did a really good job with this on our earlier media call – that these proposals really can't be unbundled because the way they are being looked at in the Congress is an integrated approach whether it's order adjustable tax and lack of ability to deduct interest, but you get 100% write-off immediately on capital assets and you also get a much lower tax rate. So if you bake all these things together, net-net, it's a neutral to positive for the way we look at what we've heard would be considered. On the other hand, this is such a monumental set of changes from a tax perspective. And the way we look at the system this would be the biggest tax reform in certainly 75 years, maybe 100 years. So it all fits together and it's meant to fit together, not to just have take one piece out and say, well, this is unfavorable. You have to look at it all which is the way the people are putting the law together, are looking at it. On the other hand, you have to get a law passed and this is not the easiest lift with all these new concepts. And my guess is that you'll get it out of the House because it's got enormous momentum in the house, but then it has to go through the Senate, which is not nearly as up-to-date on what's going to be coming at them and then you have to go to confidence and make it work. So, it's a lot on the table, a lot that has to happen. But if the package, as people describe it, even though it hasn't been introduced, so it's basically backstage whispering, it gets through, then the stuff all really balances out for a firm like ours and may be a net positive depending upon where the corporate tax rate finishes.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: It depends what happens with all these changes and if the dollar gets a lot stronger and trade changes a bit to put pressure on individual companies outside the United States and also in individual countries, particularly have dollar borrowings. So there may be interesting valuation changes which can provide opportunities for our firm to buy businesses at different prices, which may end up going through an adjustment period, where if you're in at the right time that could be very interesting. So you have to look at the U.S. and then also non-U.S. as a function of some of these really big macro trends.
Hamilton E. James: Glenn, it's Tony. I think it's a mistake to focus too much on the flagship funds. We have such a diverse pallet of funds right now, all of which are pretty big actually. Plus we have a lot of new initiatives in the pipeline. I think without any new initiatives it would be slightly less than in 2016, but still a very good year for fundraising. But it doesn't take too many of the new initiatives we're looking at to push this up to be a comparable year.
Hamilton E. James: Generally speaking, if it was a drawdown fund, it's every three years to four years. But, increasingly, we've got funds that are open all the time taking in money every month.
Hamilton E. James: If we could just – I just want to remind everybody. We've got a pretty full queue. So if we could just on the first round limit it to one question and one follow-on just to make sure we get through everybody, that would be great.
Hamilton E. James: Well, Craig, as you point out, it's a logical target and it's something we've been looking at for a while. And I'm not going to give you any idea of timing. But yes, there are plans to add funds in that space. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Got it. And then just as my follow-up on retail, can you kind of circle back and remind us what you're doing across retail, how the liquid alt product is doing, any new products you've launched there because that's actually a big space you guys can tackle? That would be helpful.
Hamilton E. James: Yeah. I might just add a couple of color, things for you to think about. For the typical private equity deal, often we get an asset step up, which gives us a higher tax basis, which we depreciate, which allows us actually to have a tax shelter anyway away from the interest for a while, number one. Number two, debt is still cheaper than equity. We're looking at equity returns pre-tax sort of 20%-ish growth. Debt is a lot cheaper than that, so there's still be ability to use your debt to capture that arbitrage. And number three, if some of the things going on are enacted into law, you could argue that other things being equal, interest rate should come down. It should come down because corporations will issue less debt. And yeah, there'll still be the demand on the part of investors for yield securities. And you could also argue that corporate debt will now be taxable at a much lower rate. So, it will be more appealing as an investment class. So, there's a lot of things playing through here that are hard to predict. But, as Steve said, as the way we look at the package of things that are being put on the table, collectively this is probably net beneficial for our portfolio to some degree.
Hamilton E. James: Yeah. But I want to note. It is very much recurring. A, we don't have to sell the asset. It's done on a marked basis, so it's not as lumpy as the other kinds of DE you think about as just based on the mark. And B, since it's investor by investor and since we're taking investors in each quarter, you'll be getting this every quarter. And as the business matures and as it accumulates, it will become smoother and smoother and smoother. And so you'll expect – we view this as very much recurring income and it will be reflected in our recurring income.
Hamilton E. James: Yeah. Okay, Jack. Well, first of all, we're using our scale to actually lower the fees that we pay to the underlying managers as much as we possibly can. I think we've been actually one of the leaders in that. Our goal of ideally what I'd love to do is have our volume discount because we're so much larger than anyone else in terms of allocating the hedge funds, sufficient to offset all of our fees. And maybe we'll get there. We're getting pretty close actually. I think that this is an asset class which there has been a lot of press about, Michael talked about. You've really got to break it down into different strategies. We're seeing no diminution whatsoever in investor appetite. As Michael said, we're still raising the same amount of money we have in the last few years. And so it's an asset class that will underperform in bull markets because it's hedged. And what investors get is they get less volatility. Less volatility means, of course, protection on the downside, but it also means you don't fully participate on the upside. So you'd expect this product to lag the kind of bull market certainly we've had in the last few months. But a lot of investors look at this market today and say they are pretty fully valued and how do they play equities through the cycle with less risk, how they protect against the downside that may be embedded with sort of the market prices where they are, this looks pretty good to them.
Hamilton E. James: Well, I think Steve hit on it in his comments. The really big, vast, vast untapped territory is the $27 trillion that's in 401(k)s that we don't sell – we, as an industry, don't sell anything into. So we – and I would say that severely penalizes 401(k) savers because they earn typically 2% to 3% on their money. There isn't a pension fund in America that hasn't earned more than 6% and their targets today are about 7% on average going forward. So you can see the cost, if you will, of forcing investors into short-term daily mark-to-market, daily liquidity, illiquid stuff (54:21). And if we could open up those pools of capital to our kind of investing, I can assure you that retiring Americans will be vastly better off, both short-term and long-term.
Hamilton E. James: Well, this has been a bit of crusade for me over the last 18 months. And we have a plan that all the details of which may not survive but one of the core premises of that is that people's retirement savings have to work harder for them. And the beauty of that is you're enhancing people's retirement security without taxing anyone higher, without creating new government welfare programs. And that capital, which is available, which is now available to be invested in the economy and things, longer-lived assets like infrastructure, will be good for economic growth as well. So we've obviously spent a lot – or I've spent a lot of time with both Republicans and Democrats on this. And I've got an awful lot of favorable reactions from both sides of the aisle. So I'm hopeful that we can make some progress on this with the new administration. And one of the things that Speaker Ryan has highlighted in his Better Way is that we need to come up with something, a plan, to help Americans' retirement security. As you might know, Speaker Ryan's A Better Way is a very detailed policy prescription, but on this issue he's highlighted the need without the policy. So we're hopeful that we can get in front of him and give him some thoughts that will help address the issue. And certainly investing better is the easiest, cheapest, most painless way to get that done.
Hamilton E. James: Well, okay, it's obviously a more favorable environment in the U.S. for energy, exploration and transportation. That should pull costs down in the United States and encourage and barrier down and encourage development. So I think the way we that think this is playing out is you'll have more production although more production probably puts a lid on prices in the United States. So you probably saw it yesterday a spokesman from BP came out and said that we're never going to see $100 oil again because there's a lot more oil out in the world than we thought. And more of it's being produced both from technology advances, regulatory reform like in the United States but also big countries in the Middle East being able to produce and get on the global markets again. And their view is that over time demand tapers down, over a long time demand tapers down due to renewables and whatnot and changes in transportation technology. So that they think that's going to – that demand will mean that we don't have the kind of $100 oil that we had before. I'm not so sure about that myself. I know they're kind of – they've been saying that before. They're kind of a little bit out there on that and most industry observers wouldn't necessarily agree with them. But one thing that we do know is there's a lot of oil in unstable parts of the world and any geopolitical risk can cause a spike at any time. But I think the effects on energy of the new administration are net good for the U.S. energy industry.
Hamilton E. James: Well, we've been deploying capital outside the United States around the world. And I don't think we're looking at a terribly different picture there, frankly.
Hamilton E. James: Oh boy, I'd have to inventory that. But I would say let's define it by, A, investment category; B, target markets; C, structure. In target market, we see – that you'll see more from retail investors and some of the new segments that Joan talked about. And many of those will have more permanent capital structures. Some of them are always open but some of them will also be things where we actually don't really redeem. There are other ways investors can get exit – a BDC, for example, is a good example of that where people put in and then ultimately it's floated as a public entity and that keeps as AUM definitely. With respect to new categories, one of the other areas we're looking at is more growth-oriented investing, earlier stage stuff. I think we have some interesting ideas on that. We're not ready to come public with those yet but that's an area that we've been also studying for a couple years now and playing around. And then, just even businesses like our Strategic Products investment which started off with one private equity secondaries business, now has real estate secondaries, there's infrastructure secondaries. It's got a primaries business. It will be looking at emerging managers and some other things. So, in every one of our business, you'll see that kind of innovation and new categories growing, although from your sort of financial model of the firm's standpoint, it will be a while before they get big enough where you're talking about, $7 billion to $10 billion, to where you want to – you need to start changing your models.
Michael S. Chae: So when you talk about – Glenn, it's Michael – core as in terms of Core+ real estate, that is basically always taking in money, as Tony said. Core private equity operates a little bit more like a classic drawdown fund in terms of episodic fundraising.
Michael S. Chae: Devin, it's Michael. Look, I'd say obviously no proposal has been put on the table around taxes. We're studying it and I think have a good positioning to understand how it will unfold. And we're going to be watch what happens. We'll be open-minded. We're not religious about a structure where you want to basically pursue a structure and have a structure that's in the best interest and maximizes value for our shareholders. So we go into this as students of what will happen and we'll see.
Michael S. Chae: Well, actually, for GSO, as I mentioned, they've been the leader for almost half a decade. And that volume of I think nine issuances throughout the year and it picked up in the fourth quarter, I think, just reinforces their leadership position both in U.S. and Europe. And so we certainly see – we've had a long-term success record like 20 years almost our team in the CLO area. The returns have been terrific. The performance has been terrific. And it's actually we think been a good market opportunity for the economics of those vehicles. So I think it's really a reinforcement of momentum in that business for us has continued for a long time.
Michael S. Chae: Okay. Well, we don't try to take current short-term markets overweight those in our exit multiples. So we tend to look in all of our businesses what's a normalized kind of exit multiple for a cap rate environment and financing environment for when we exit because we're in the illiquid business. So we make an investment now. We're having to guess what the conditions will be five years from now. And obviously there's always reversion to the mean. So, frankly, it doesn't change much with a quarter's good markets. And in terms of our basic returns, as I said before, they haven't changed much either. We have capital that we invest with the cycle. We won't sort of lower our returns because interest rates are down typically. We make it less active if there's not much to do and make more active when there is a lot to do, but we try to keep our returns pretty stable and deliver to our LPs results consistent with what we've delivered to them in the past across all the funds.
Michael S. Chae: Well, so with respect to cap rates in real estate, we've always baked in and continue to higher cap rates. And in this world with respect to multiples, we're baking in lower multiples on the private equity side as we have been.
Michael S. Chae: Yeah. Alex, the basic thing to keep in mind is that that carry feature begins on the third anniversary of when the capital was taken in from the investor. So, in the fourth quarter this year, that's when that first group of investors from what will then have been three years ago sort of eligible for that. And so what we'll follow is sort of a rolling thing where as the money has been raised over the last few years it will become eligible for that feature and it will smooth out over time. But it's – as we've talked about in the past, that's a very powerful feature of that fund for us.
Michael S. Chae: Thanks, Mike. A lot in that question. I can't quite talk you through our whole model as part of this answer. But, look, I think, first of all, the $1 to $3 range that you mentioned, we should put a fine point on that. The low-end of that range is basically anchored on sort of what's the FRE, right, which is under contract typically for a long, long time. And it's not really, I would say, a real world low end of what we think our DE will be in the absence of some period of time which is really, really unusual. So let me just anchor on that. That $1 is meant to be a really positive thing about one component of our DE that really is a great foundation for everything else that comes from it from realizations. I think in terms of how to think about the trajectory and outlook, I talked about how – if you look at the last few years of DE, what was obviously notable about 2016 was while we had pretty good growth realizations, actually even closer in line with 2015, the conversion, particularly in the corporate private equity area, because of the BCP V issue I mentioned, was lower. And I talked about why we think just mathematically in terms of the structure of funds, this is a year where we'll come out of that and that's a good thing. And then in terms of that realization pipeline, we feel good about it, but we'll see what the year brings. So there's good momentum. There's a lot of things you can look at about focusing on our sort of invested capital base and how it's seasoning. Our invested capital base on our drawdown funds has basically tripled in the last six years. And that's obviously – those are the seeds for and the crops for future harvest. Another thing to think about is we're sort of – even though some of these older funds like BCP V and perhaps VI have been the gift that keeps on giving and there is still more to go, there are – for example, the 2011 vintage funds, BCP VI, BREP VII, BEP I, which are really I think coming into their own as well, I think there is something like $33 billion of unrealized value in those funds. I think the average ownership period for that capital is like three years in terms of the unrealized amount. And you know how our business works. Three-year old investments on average are just coming into their own in terms of potential monetization events, IPOs which will set up subsequent years of harvest, et cetera. So, all those things come together and we feel very good about the outlook.
Michael S. Chae: Yeah. I mean it's – sort of this being back into cash carry it's sort of – think about as just stepping back into the shoes of sort of catch-up position we've been in for a while now. And so I think last quarter that stat we used being 64% through the catch-up. This quarter, we're something like 69%. We've talked about half of the LPs being in full carry, about half not. So that basic situation stays the same. There's not a structural change there.
Michael S. Chae: Yeah. Gerry, we've raised about US$7 billion for the fifth Europe fund and about US$5.5 billion or US$6 billion of that will be under fee holiday until April.
