Jon Gray: Sure, Craig, and thank you for the kind words. What we've seen here now is banks really recognizing that there's a natural partnership between their origination capabilities and some of the long-term capital we manage, particularly for insurance companies. So what we referenced in the prepared remarks was a number of these partnerships that we have formed and have executed or close to execute we also have a decent pipeline behind that. And if you think about a bank with those strong customer relationships, if they're making 5-, 7-, 10-year home improvement or equipment finance loans to have a partner like us to take some of those makes a lot of sense. And so we're involved in a number of discussions with banks who want to maintain their relationships with customers, but either shrink their balance sheet or do other things to create capacity. I would also point out with the larger financial institutions, there are things to do with them to provide some balance sheet relief. We've been doing a number of those items with different pools of capital. So I think what's happening is good for the financial system. It's good for the banks, and it's obviously good for our customers, and we expect this will grow significantly over time.
Jon Gray: So Mike, I would say everybody has been surprised, given the rapidity at which the Fed has raised rates and how high they've taken rates that there hasn't been more distress. Interestingly, today, if you look at the overall market, default rates are in leveraged loans, for instance, are still below the long-term average. They're approaching it. They're 2.7%. I think the long-term average is 3%, they got up to 13%, 14% during the GFC. What I would say -- and by the way, in our own portfolio, those defaults are still less than 1%. So I think it's a function of a couple of things. It may be some hedges certainly in place as people put in place some longer-term protection, but I think the biggest component of it is the strength of the earnings of the companies. Michael referenced in our own portfolio, that 12% revenue growth we're seeing strong revenue and EBITDA growth across our borrowers, and that is obviously helping companies in areas like technology are obviously looking at their cost structures becoming more profit-focused, and so I think it's earnings growth that has supported this. I think it's a fair question, which is, as you look out over time, if the economy does moderate as we expect, rates stay elevated? Would you expect more defaults going forward? And I think the answer to that is yes. But I don't think this is like '08, '09. I don't think we have the kinds of overleverage we had back then. And just to point it out, if you look at BCRED, our nontraded BDC, its average loan to value was 43% on its book. And much of that, of course, was originated prior to this rate hike. And if you contrast that to the '06, '07 period when leverage levels were 70% plus I think that's another reason people don't focus on why you have more of a cushion here and less distress. So picture today on the ground, certainly better than people would expect. Going forward, we'd expect that things will get tougher but not nearly as bad as that last cycle.
Jon Gray: Well, Glenn, I would say that there continues to be pretty significant bifurcation in commercial real estate. So we've talked about it in the past, certain sectors face real underlying fundamental headwinds that would be notably the office space in the United States, which we've talked about is less than 2% of our own portfolio. And there, I still think we have a ways to go in terms of what will be, I think, continued challenges going forward. And there will be more foreclosures and more markdowns coming in portfolios. We continue to see in a number of sectors, particularly our largest sector, logistics, very strong underlying fundamentals where rents are growing globally around double digits. Other areas like student housing with real strength, data centers, which we talked about in the remarks, again, real strength. And then other sectors, I'd say, somewhere in between those top three sectors I mentioned, represent 50% of our global portfolio. And so what I would say is in better sectors where the fundamentals are good, the fact that rates seem to belong and seem to have reached a level and may be heading lower, we'll see. I think they'll stick around here given the short end. And at some point here, 12, 24 months from now, the Fed will start to take the short end down, that's obviously positive. Because to your point, cap rate pressure is very tied to rates. And so if we're at a point in the cycle where the risk of rates going much higher is off the table, that's helpful to real estate. The other helpful pitch in real estate is you're seeing a sharp decline in new supply. So in logistics, for instance, we've seen a decline of new starts around 40%, 50%, depending on markets. Housing supply is down aggregately about 20-plus percent from where it was and you're seeing it in hotels and other areas. And so if you think about coming out of this over time as investors, if you can invest in sectors where the underlying vacancy rates are low today, there's going to be less building and interest rates are no longer a major threat. If the asset has been marked to sort of the new market, then we think there's significant opportunity. And that, I think, is really the pitch. Today, the area we're most active in is actually European real estate, particularly in logistics because the sentiment around European real estate is so negative. And yet if you look at, for instance, rental growth in U.K. logistics, it's incredibly strong. So I think we're in a moment where everybody is extrapolating what's happening in office buildings becoming incredibly negative about the sector, but that's going to create some real opportunities. And to your point on debt, there will be needs for people to sell and to sell and inject capital because of the higher debt costs that are out there. So I think sector selection really matters as we talk about and then these tailwinds around rates leveling off and new supply coming down should be very helpful to the asset class over time.
Jon Gray: So I would say on the energy transition side, we're in early days. we just are finishing off raising the $7 billion energy transition credit fund. We're in the market with our energy equity fund, which we expect will be probably $4 billion plus. And then energy transition, energy is a meaningful chunk of our $37 billion infrastructure business. It's probably one third of that capital but probably the fastest growing. If you went -- and by the way, we also have embedded in our private equity business a bunch of energy transition investments there and in our core private equity business. So you would have to go through it. I don't have the numbers handy is where this would be. But you've got a number of areas we're deploying capital in energy transition. If you looked in the quarter, as I said, the two biggest investments we made were an investment in Northern Indiana utility business a couple of billion dollars we invested to help them facilitate the energy transition. And then we also had another $1 billion we put into Invenergy, our large-scale renewables developer. So I would say because the size of the market is growing so quickly and investor desire for exposure to this is growing as well, we think this can be a lot bigger. I don't know if we have a number. We said publicly a couple of years ago that we expect to invest $100 billion over the decade, we said that two years ago. So I would say when you look at Blackstone over time, this will be an area of a lot of capital needs. And the good news is the investors want it. It can be very large, very scalable, and so we expect that this will accelerate. The IRA in the US has made a big difference. There was $250 billion of large-scale renewable projects announced in the last years, and there was an equal amount announced in the last year basically since the IRA passing. So we would say very large scale opportunity and should result in a new area for us to grow and generate incremental fees and returns for investors.
Jon Gray: Well, I think near term, the opportunity set is pretty large. We -- private equity firms and other companies need this access to capital the certainty direct lending provides, I think it's proven to be very valuable, particularly for new transactions. We would expect as deal volume picks up, this area should pick up as well. We've seen our pipeline grow more than double in the last 90 days in direct lending. We don't see a reason why this should slow down. At some point, markets change and so forth. But if you look at direct lending as a percentage of the overall leverage lending and high-yield market, I still think there's plenty of room for this to grow. So we think it's early days still on this shift.
Jon Gray: Yes. Alex, you're right. It's all interconnected, right? Because if you think about our clients and their numerator and denominator, it's obviously very tied to what's happening in the market. So their denominator is -- and today, there are challenges, in many cases, they're over their allocations. Let's say, they have a 13% allocation to private equity in there at 15% or 16%. . As equity markets rally, then that frees up capital for them to potentially allocate to private again. At the same time, as equity market rally, IPO and M&A activity picks up, and so private equity sponsors, real estate sponsors could sell assets, again, reducing the exposure in the numerator. So these things are tied. We've been through these cycles many times. Our expectation is you will see a pickup in activity. The reason why is inflation uncertainty makes it hard to do M&A and IPOs. We had a lot of uncertainty around the banking issues, we got uncertainty around inflation and uncertainty on how far the Fed would go. And the contours of that looks a little more certain. And I think that's 1 of the reasons why markets are getting more enthused. Now is it possible we see an economic slowdown, the markets pulled back a bit. We -- it's too early to sort of put out an all-clear sign here, but I think we are beginning to see this pickup in activity. And as markets rally, that tends to lead people to have more confidence to transact, which plays its way through ultimately to our customers. Right now, we're still -- there's a bit of a lag as you think about it in terms of fundraising activity, but a sustained good period for markets is very helpful for our ability to raise capital, particularly from institutional investors, also from individual investors.
Jon Gray: Well, you hit it. In BCRED, there's obviously a lot of enthusiasm for private credit today, given the attractive risk return, the equity-like returns, taking debt-like risk. And so we have seen strong flows there. Q2, I think we said we're up 60% versus the flows in Q1, and that's obviously a positive. In BREIT, there is more negative sentiment, obviously, around commercial real estate, and there was a lot of focus here. As we said in the remarks, the good news is share redemptions are down nearly 30% from where they were at the beginning of the year. The subscriptions remain muted, but we would expect that continued strong performance. We did have three positive months here in a row, which is obviously helpful. some of the overall negative sentiment in markets and negative sentiment in commercial real estate that abating will ultimately change that dialogue. When that happens, it's hard to project. I think the key thing, if you think about the product, is that customers have had a really terrific experience inside of BRET. They've been delivered in the largest share class a 12% net return over 6.5 years, three times the public REIT market. And it's that performance, which ultimately we think will drive people coming back to the product and the structure, the redemption structure, the semi-liquid nature, still allowing people to get capital out. But doing it over time and preserving value, I think, has been really important. So our confidence in BREIT remains really high. When that turns, it's hard to say. But certainly, getting through the redemption backlog over time will be helpful in that regard.
Jon Gray: We believe that what the FTC announced was really just a codification of the way they've been operating the last three years. They have had this more assertive approach towards mergers. And we've been operating in that environment already. For us, we haven't seen it as large of an impact as one might expect because oftentimes, we're not present in a given market. So buying things is not as big of an issue. We have had some strategies where we have done additional acquisitions roll up. That hasn't been a huge portion of our activity in corporate private equity. And remember so many of the things we do, secondaries real estate, private credit are not related here. But in corporate private equity on the acquisition side, it hasn't been a major issue. I would say where it's more impactful is when we're looking to exit some of our businesses, and we're talking to strategics. And there, there's a real consideration now about what is the likelihood of something getting through. And so that has had an impact on our thinking on what relative attractiveness of nonstrategic players relative to strategic players. So I would say that this has been a reality of the marketplace for some time. We've been navigating through it, and we feel confident we'll continue to navigate through it in the -- the key area of focus is really when we're looking at dispositions potentially to strategic players.
Jon Gray: So the real story for us in Asia has been India. Our team there has really delivered, particularly in private equity at Dixon and the team have delivered amongst our highest returns globally in India. And it's represented, frankly, in real estate and private equity, about half of our Asia activities. And we had different weightings, I think, than others in the region, and that's kind of turned out to be a very good decision. We've been a control-oriented investor in India, which we think is the right strategy. We're also seeing very good opportunities in Japan today. That market is opening up to corporate selling off nonstrategic divisions we think we'll see more volume there. And frankly, across the region, there is more opportunity. China is a little more challenging, as you know, because of the economic headwinds and some of the geopolitical issues. But in general, Asia can grow to be much larger. We don't really think we have the need to do an acquisition. We have 8-plus, I guess, offices across the region. I was there this quarter. Our momentum in places like Australia, Korea, really strong, and we think it's a market that is underpenetrated as it relates to alternatives. And ultimately, we hope to have virtually all of our strategies in Asia at scale. So we have a sizable Asia private equity fund, sizable Asia real estate fund, we've got a core plus real estate fund in Asia, and we're doing more on the credit side in that part of the world. Hopefully, we'll add growth. There are a lot of opportunities there given the scale of the place. Certainly, India, which has been our largest market, I think will continue to be a mainstay for us just given the incredible tailwinds that country has today.
Jon Gray: And then the question was around individual investor, well, new products, yes. We are I don't know if we're prepared to talk about the latest funds, but we do think there's more opportunity. Doing what we do today at greater scale in a different range of products, I think later this year, we'll launch something new. And one of the areas we've already started small in Europe with some other products. There's a lot of opportunity. Investors are just discovering individual investors just discovering the benefits of alternatives. The semi-liquid structures are new to many investors. And we think this is a long process. Our major competitive advantage is we started this much earlier than other people. We have a very large private wealth organization. Joan Solotar and her team have done a terrific job many people around the world. We've built up relationships with financial advisers. And then I think the thing that is hard to capture our numbers is the power of the Blackstone brand we were able to start products. It's no different than us doing insurance on a capital-light basis. Our ability to create new products and for financial advisers and their customers to allocate more to us because of the confidence in the brand is really important. And so the real consideration for us is when we launch a new product, we have to make sure the structure is right and that the returns we generate are sufficient because ultimately, this is a very long-term partnership with the financial advisers and their underlying clients. So what we do has to work, and that's why we're so focused, and we're deliberate in terms of the way we launch new products, but we definitely see more opportunity over time.
Michael Chae: Jon, let me just add it on that. Mike, it's Michael. Just focusing on our outperformance versus the overall market with respect to default rates, and it has been pronounced. It's important, I think, to highlight sort of our relative position and focus. And our team would call it the three Ss, scale, sector selection and seniority. On scale, we're obviously a large player. We are focused on larger issuers. And we believe, overall, it's already been shown in a high inflation world. Larger companies are more resilient with respect to performance through the cycles. And again, that's been shown, I think, in terms of more options to respond to a rising cost inflation environment recently. Second on sector selection. If you look at our portfolio versus sort of the industry average, our focus in recent years away from cyclicals, some consumer discretionary companies, certain industrial companies, has I think really paid off. And then with respect to seniority, which Jon touched on in additional loan to value, 98% basically of our direct lending portfolio in BCRED is senior secured. And actually, even our peers in the direct lending area are substantially lower than that in some cases, 70%, 75%. And so that is the top of the capital stack, and that is very protected. So I think Jon talked about the overall sort of default rates in the path, and we do expect them to rise for the market overall and for us. But our sort of experience and outperformance on default rates, which has been both historical and current, I think, has some underlying drivers that are important to highlight.
Michael Chae: Brian, just to add to that with the numbers, Michael. The sort of fair market value of our energy transition portfolio today is over $20 billion, and there's committed capital that shortly that's going to be invested and increase that number. And obviously, we've funds pointed at investing in that area in the near term. So that number will grow. But in terms of what we own today, it's in that ballpark. .
Michael Chae: Sure, Ben, it's Michael. Yes, we've been saying since early in the year that specifically that on BPP, fee-related performance revenues, we were scheduled to have 4, and we are scheduled to have 4x more AUM crystallizing this year than last year with the ramp really in the second half of the year. And that's what you're seeing playing out. Just to put some further granularity on that, right now, about 60% of the net accrued performance revenue balance for BPP, which you can see in our quarterly report represents vehicles with scheduled crystallations in the second half, and that's substantially weighted towards the fourth quarter. So that should give you some texture around it. That sort of AUM schedule to crystallize next year for BPP will be lower than this year. But alongside that, our infrastructure fund, will see a significant crystallization event next year. And then I'd actually also highlight on fee-related performance revenues, and we don't necessarily talk about a lot or we're not asked about a lot. On BCRED and BXSL, our two credit direct lending perpetual vehicles. They have sort of steadily expanding earnings power, and you can actually see it in the numbers and then and obviously, both generate quite predictable fees each quarter based on investment income. And in the second quarter, those comprised approximately half of our fee-related performance revenues and taken together, they're up 67% actually year-over-year. So that is a steady sort of embedded, I think, positive thing in our fee-related performance revenue. So as I said in my remarks, there are multiple products at work here that are in a position to generate fee-related performance revenues over time.
Michael Chae: I'll just start, Mike, on just on the path to 75% to substantially completing that by early next year. Obviously, some of the big funds we're in the market with, but it's BREP Europe, where we expect -- we've had a first close, and we expect that to continue. BCP9,obviously, completing that over the coming quarters, our fifth real estate debt fund and a number of other funds. Next year will also be fundraising around our successor vehicles in life science and also in our GP Stakes fund. One thing I'd say as it relates to kind of financial impact we talked about sort of 75%. But importantly, less than half of the $150 billion flagship fundraise is currently earning management fees. And so because it obviously lags fundraise because based on deployment, you light funds later after you close them, and that percentage will accelerate over the coming quarters into 2024. So that's sort of the picture on the path.
Michael Chae: Sure. As we've said pretty consistently, we encourage everyone to look at full year periods, not entry in our quarterly periods with respect to margins. There's puts and takes from quarter-to-quarter and intra-year. So again, I'd say looking at full year 2023, we would just reiterate our prior comments around margin stability as compared to fiscal '22, the full year. In terms of components, I think you referenced this, recognizing that we reported other operating expense down 2% in Q2, and that we do think that we bring a pretty disciplined approach to managing our costs. There are a couple of caveats on that as you think about the second half. As you know, OpEx is seasonally higher in the second half typically and also OpEx growth in the first half of the year. benefited from the absence of COVID costs in this first half versus the presence of it a year ago. And so we're all happy to say we're through those now, but the second half OpEx growth rate will not have that benefit. So that's a little bit of texture around it. But around both margin overall comp ratio overall, I would just point you to the kind of full year period.
