Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Jasmine. Good morning and welcome to Blackstone's second quarter 2016 conference call. I'm today joined by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO, who is joining us from Europe; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Chae, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Multi-Asset Investing as well as External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation illustrating our results, which are available on the website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures on this call and you'll find reconciliations in the press release. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of $463 for the quarter, that’s up 32% from the prior year, and GAAP net income attributable to the Blackstone Group of $199 million. Economic net income or ENI rose to $520 million or $0.44 per unit and distributable earnings were $503 million in the second quarter or $0.42 per common unit, which equates to a distribution of $0.36 and that will be paid to holders of record as of August 1. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Weston Tucker: Thanks. Jasmine, if you could open up for questions. But before you do, if I could just ask everybody in the line, we have got fairly full queue, so please limit your first calling one question and one follow-on, that would be terrific. Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: And then Alex, just to follow-up on your first question to some of the dimension of that $60 billion not earning management fees, a big chunk of that is our BCP VII fund, as Michael mentioned. That will flip on in the fourth quarter in November. We've also got a fair amount of dry powder in credit in our new mezzanine fund in real estate that earns as invested and that will be over the next several years. So it's a bit of a mix between capital that we turned on in the next year versus when it’s invested.
Weston Tucker: Craig, I'll just briefly put a fine point on what Tony said. If you step back and look at our annual inflow pace, last year we obviously had a monster year $94 billion or so. In the prior three years, 2012, 2013, 2014 when we were definitely smaller firm in terms of product set, we averaged between kind of $47 billion and $60 billion actually in each of those three years and I think over the next year or so, it will probably fall within that range. We’ve generally outperformed our kind of prior year forecast on our fundraising because things just happened and we ended as Tony said. And that pipeline is a combination without getting specifics of both I think obvious successor funds to fund you're well aware of, run with numerals three and so forth of different funds are in credit real estate, regional funds et cetera and then also new products, and then as Tony said some of these always on fundraising products like in real estate area. There is no segment of our business that doesn't have multiple new products entering the market.
Weston Tucker: And to Tony's point to put numbers on it, if you do the math which I think you can from public data of management fee rates across the whole platform, i.e., or management fees or base fees over our weighted average fee earning AUM over any period of time. As Tony said, the numbers will tell you over the last year or 2.5 years, it's been very stable so within like one or two basis points across the whole firm over the last couple of years. Now there is different things going on within that the mix shift Tony mentioned but then also in terms of underlying funds - and I think I've mentioned this a couple of quarters ago, if you look at our flagship private equity funds, if you look at our flagship global real estate fund or flagship European fund, the effective management fee rate once you get through the fee holiday but taking that into account, will be higher in those three products than in their predecessor funds.
Weston Tucker: Well, I think we've been getting greater share from the clients for a long time. I mean the actual step back from the hedge fund industry and look at the hedge fund fund-of-funds industry, that's been in decline for several years, yet our business has been growing rapidly over that period of time. And it's really hard - well, I mean its remarkable job that they've done in that business because to be the industry leader and a dominant industry leader and still grow market share, it's not too easy to find examples of that around the world and they pull that off. They pull that off though by innovation. If all they were was a standard hedge fund fund-of-funds, you wouldn't see this picture, but their ability to create new products and serve our customers in new ways and have those be higher margin products is been remarkable and they've got some really big ideas coming that could add tens of billions. And I’m not going to get into what those are. But I think that they may be heading for a growth spurt actually here. So yes, we are taking market share but it's by being creative and it's creating new things. It's not trying to just grab more of the old.
Weston Tucker: And then hey Mike, just to follow-up on the first part, the reason you can see the sequential decline in base manager fees in private equity is, as Michael said earlier, you have a lot of new products coming on, so SP [ph], on tac ops, some of these other businesses that are growing that the recording segment includes is why the sequential management fees look like there wasn’t a step down.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks everybody for joining us this morning and looking forward to talking to you next quarter.
Michael Chae: Well, I think taking the second one first, Alex. I think we will see - we’ve seen obviously low double-digit AUM growth over a long period of time now and we expect that to continue as well as fee earning AUM growth in the high-single-digits to low-double-digits over time. On the margin, fee-related earnings margin basis, there is obviously some noise from time to time in the numbers and you have to adjust for those. But if you step back and look at sort of a longer trajectory over the last five years, we did 36.4% FRE margin in the second quarter. That's exactly what it was for all of 2015, although we kind of got there differently. And if you look over the longer period of time that has grown by 700 basis points over a five-year period. And again while there is occasional ebbs and flows in that trajectory, that trajectory has been on an upward trend and we expect that to continue.
Michael Chae: Sure, Dan. The $7 million which is both realizations we put under contract and actually sold, it's a mix across the firm. The biggest part comes from real estate. And then within that for real estate and private equity, it is a mix of public sales. We've done a bunch actually in the last two or three weeks and also private sales, particularly with respect to real estate but also taking into account for example that change McKesson deal which is quite transformational deal that we signed up that Steve mentioned. So it's really - it's a lot of different deals. And in terms of contribution especially as it relates to real estate, it should be very healthy.
Michael Chae: Sure. Robert, Michael. Much of the dollars under the high watermark vast majority, they weren’t - they were above the high watermark at the end of the fourth quarter and they went below it in the first quarter because of the industry pressures and paying down 2.9% across the platform. So the numbers are basically that 90% of the incentive fee eligible AUM is below the high watermark, but of that 90% the vast, vast majority again about 90% of it is on average 2.5% below the high watermark. So those are the numbers and they are kind of intuitive when you think about what happened in the first quarter and then what happened in the second quarter, and obviously our team at BAAM feels optimistic about near-term getting back out of that. Now the reality is its investor-by-investor in terms of what the high watermark is but that’s the sense of kind of blended average across the platform.
Michael Chae: No. Well, I think we are just as optimistic about as ever. In fact it was the very success of that product that led to the redemption, so let me explain that. We’ve originally worked with them for three years of R&D [indiscernible] fidelity, and they got a pretty good deal. We then created a product for which there was a lot of - there was an awful lot of demand elsewhere and frankly better fees and we didn't have infinite capacity in that product, so needless to say we weren't going to continue to grow the low fee form of it and so we've moved our focus on to other investors and that's continued to grow. So the AUM of that business is growing very nicely and I expect to continue to grow very nicely. I mean what a great product for retail investors to be able to get access to what only institutional have been but do it with a lot of liquidity.
Michael Chae: On risk retention, as Tony just said, obviously there is Europe and the U.S. In Europe, the rule has in place for - it’s been in place for longer and we have structures that deal with that nicely, and in the U.S. we think we have our arms around it as well.
Michael Chae: Yes, so you can't read headlines and know what was said, so what we are seeing is - I don't think we see a collapse in the hedge fund industry at all. But what we are saying is a lot of turmoil in there but then the turmoil is moving - assets are moving from one form of manager to another form of manager. Frankly we expect to see assets moved from human managers to machine managers. We also expect to see assets moving from high fee managers to lower fee managers or lower fee vehicles, and in some cases as is moving from vehicles with lots of liquidity to assets with less liquidity and all of this is happening at once. But I do think - I think fundamentally when you have an industry which has underperformed the market averages and charges two and 20, there is going to be a lot of fee pressure on a lot of managers, and indeed a 2% manager fee is one thing if you're earning 10% growth, it’s another think if you're earning 4% growth obviously. So those forces are playing through. As far as we're concerned, we still think hedge funds play a very important role on a portfolio and give investors exposure to all kinds of different markets so they can pick their market and they can mix and match different exposures, commodities, emerging markets, takeovers, negative beta, positive, high beta et cetera, et cetera. And they're very important for portfolio instruction. And we think we are pretty uniquely situated to do that and that we are in a position to use our market cloud to extract better economics from the managers and largely offset our fees. So as a result we are - people getting an awful lot of value from us and it's one of the reasons we are continuing to pick up assets and I think all this turmoil is actually helping us.
Michael Chae: Sure Mike. On the FRE question, there was a step-down in BCP VI in the quarter and at the same time that BCP VII went up with fee holidays, so that's why you will see for a couple of quarters sort of a trough period for corporate PE, FRE and before as we talked about in this call, it really takes off. On the realization sort of DE conversion issue, it’s - I think we've actually covered the two points here. The first is the BCP V issue that I addressed pretty specifically in my remarks and then the other is much less in effect but the question was asked around for example the BAAM high watermark in that from an incentive fee collection standpoint on that effect DE in the near-term. So it's really those two things.
Michael Chae: As I mentioned before, we are expecting to get the same returns in private equity that we’ve earned historically. So I'm very comfortable with that. One of the things about - I think I gave you the low-to-mid-single digits but we are doing more and more things in private equity that are not just buyouts of traditional mature companies that are traded publicly. If you look at where our money is going, there is a lot more buildups where we take a small company and great management team and assemble a national champion. There is a lot more investment in like oil and gas exploration. There is a lot more dream filled building of infrastructure like assets around the world and all those things are not in the EBITDA growth rate because they are not mature sort of companies where you measure it that way. And those things are where most of our money is going and they are offering extremely attractive returns.
Tony James: Yes, Alex, we looked that again after last quarter frankly and we just feel - we feel a few things that we can earn a huge return on the capital that we have on our balance sheet. It tends to be - we tend to put up a small amount of the fund. It’s enabling capital that allows us to raise LP capital. And if you look at the return on that capital that comes from LP’s management fees, performance fees, it's compellingly high. And we are in a business where we play out 85% of our earnings. We don't accumulate a lot of cash flow and its double-digit growth, high-single-digit low-double-digit growth as Michael said. We are needing that to feed that capital in and to drive to grow the business. And we continue to conclude that our LPs - our unitholders are better off by us continuing to grow this business and put this capital work with very, very high returns and to buy in shares. And so far as we've analyzed that we think that's the better view. In some point of course if our stock gets - we think the stock is a bargain here and at some point even though we can earn sort of 40%, 50% returns on cap - on incremental capital, we will look at buying our shares, but that - so far we've been more concerned about building a great company, continuing the growth and serving our LPs than trying to manage short-term stock price.
Tony James: Okay, you want me to start on that. Fundraising for our business is lumpy and when it comes to drawdown funds - when you have a flagship funds, you tend to have a big year and then in tends to slow down a little bit. However as our firms become more diversified, we have more and more funds all the time that are in the market and any one time we might have dozens or more, number one. Number two, we are constantly - I want to emphasize innovation. What really drives this company is innovation and we were constantly having new products and a lot of times that starts off with a separate account with a few big investors to do something different. And once we get that money invested, then we convert it more towards a fun and take it to a broader market. And then third, increasingly we have always open funds and permanent capital vehicles and things that are in the market every quarter and every month and every day. We take in daily capital with a bunch of your product, so our mix - what you're seeing is the business shifting we continue to have the big flagship funds and those hit 15 but the business is shifting towards constant new things and more hours open, so you're seeing that lumpiness level out and that's why you're having surprisingly high fundraisings in the absence of the big global funds. And I'm going to turn it over to Michael to talk specifically about how that plays out a little bit and then in terms of specific funds that we are going to be entering the market, the private placement exemptions require that we not mention them by names so we can that - you can take that offline with some of the investor people.
Tony James: Yes, I think your perception is generally right. We are not seeing across the board much in the way of fee pressure at this moment. Of course we've kind of lead the industry with, I think, good fees for our LPs all the way through. We've never have been a fee [indiscernible]. And we've voluntarily led the industry in changing how we treated certain transaction-oriented fees and voluntarily relied more on management fees than those things. But at this point it's pretty stable and even in the hedge fund, and then we have a mix shift going on that overlays against that. So in the hedge fund area, we are adding more high-margin products but in some of the other areas like real estate, BPP for example is somewhat lower fee product and so core private equity and PE. So there are some variations going on in the mix of products by segment, but in general if you look at product-by-product, we are not seeing significant fee pressures.
Tony James: Well, we don't have hundreds of names in that. So yes there is certainly - there are certainly - it is a few big deals which moves it. But at the same time, the shift in perceptions and commodity prices moved everything. So I think the answer is both. We saw some bonds of energy companies that - and I'm not saying we own these companies but if you look in the market, you will see bonds of energy companies that traded out of single-digit prices and now they are back up in the 20s and they are still insolvent companies but what a run. So I think you really have to unpack it name by name. However are all names move together, so I think as I said, the answer is both.
Tony James: Well, we don’t do specific marks on specific assets, so I'm not going to get into that. I would say it's been a great investment. We continue to be very optimistic about where home prices are in the cycle. I don't even think we are in mid-cycle yet, so I think there is a - in terms of homebuilding and general activities, prices have come up a lot. As a result, we are still buying some homes but it's harder to buy in the volume that we once did and so it's becoming a more mature investment in terms of rate of growth. But we still think there is potential we had and is it more of a management company? Sure it is, because we got off lot of homes and we want to serve those renters really well. We want to be a great landlord, and we are continuing to try to do that in a flawless way. It's a big global business with lots of lots customers and you never get it perfectively so we're working on that.
Tony James: Well, I think that it will be market-driven. We need to buy assets at good prices and we need to have liabilities at good prices and we kind of operate - both have to be available. I think that we are a good provider of capital. I think if anything structured products should be harder for the banks and it's opening up more opportunity for us. But it's not just in CLOs but it's also on the mortgage side. And we’re as, I think, creative as anyone in having risk or capital relief in sort of vehicles.
Tony James: And the rules are so much different between the two areas, so yes. But anyway, yes, so we’re working on that along with everyone else.
Tony James: 20% growth in private equity real estate is totally realistic. So we are thinking about something that's realistic, just want to be clear about that. Remember we are not buying the market. We are not buying economies. We are buying typically broken assets or under-managed the assets and then we are taking those assets, managing them better, significantly increasing the earnings of the cash flow and converting them from orphans or weak players into core assets, either core assets with low cap rates in real estate or core assets with high PEs in private equity. And if we can take a dog and create a great company, we'll get a pickup not only in the earnings but the multiples, and in real estate if we are picking a broken asset and creating a core real estate asset, we’ll do the same. So as long as we can keep doing that, it's fine - whether economic growth is 2% or 3%, it makes no difference to us and that's what people worry about when they say it's going to be slower growth. It's that kind of thing. So yes, we can still do very well as long as there are assets in the world or companies in the world that are not perfectly managed.
Tony James: Sure. One of the areas of greatest dislocation in terms of technical factors is credit. The regulatory changes, the capital pressures on the banks, the weakness of their balance sheets and all those things accumulated to evaporate credit and credit markets - sorry, liquidity in the credit markets as Steve in particular has been commenting on. And that's created a lot of pricing dislocation. Earlier in the year when we’ve set this up, you could see pricing of credits across the board where you’d have to have default rates high year than in the depths of the financial crisis to justify those low prices and why, because there was a sort of risk of mentality, investors were pulling their money and there is no liquidity in the market so the pricing was terrible. So I basically think credit markets in particularly illiquid credit markets are going to be a really, really great place to be going forward, thanks to the regulators and the government that are impairing the banks and the investment banks and the providers of liquidity. So very broadly this is a play on where we are benefiting from regulatory if you arguably overreach. With respect to regions, it's focused on the U.S. and Europe where we have big credit markets with good creditor rule. So if you're a creditor, you want to have good bankruptcy rules, good creditor protections. It's no, we’re not speculating on sort of quasi equity in some of the emerging markets on some of this. It's developed markets focused and it's across all industries and they can buy everything from distressed to normal performing bonds that are just underpriced.
Tony James: Sure. I love Harrington Re. I personally tried to take the biggest bite that the rules would let me because I think there was some - and I think Steve did too and I think there was some limitations on how much insiders could buy. I mean this is a just - we’re out of - we got out of registration right. Okay, this isn't great. This is - I love this. So this allows retail investors or institutional, but think about small retail investors to get to full Blackstone products in one set. You don't have to buy go through a lot of brain damage and filling out papers and big minimums and all that to get into all these different funds. So first of all, so you get - you put money up, you get Blackstone returns across the portfolio and diversification which is very steady. It’s high return but when you get that kind of diversification, it’s very steady. We then because we have a reinsurance partner we get to - we invest in the flow from the reinsurance. We get free leverage, so we get the returns on $1.50 for every dollar we put up. The Blackstone returns on a $1.50 for every $1 that we put up. Then those return cumulate tax-free because this is an insurance company so they just keep cumulating, cumulating, cumulating instead of having to pay tax on your interest and your gains and all that. They get - tax free, they get reinvested. Then when we want to exit and so the book value grows. Then we want to exit, we will IPO this thing and we expect to get a premium to book value so then you get a markup on all that cumulated earnings and cumulated tax free and guess what, when you sell its capital gain. It's just a great product. And for us - so that's from the investor standpoint. For Blackstone its permanent capital, we can put it in any fund we want and we have a great reinsurance partner who is a real insurance company that is really wonderful underwriter. We actually hope to make money on the insurance underwriting side of that as well. So obviously I liked the product a lot for both Blackstone and for the investors. It's a win-win like so many products are but it's good for us and it's good for our LPs as well.
Tony James: Yes, those fiduciary rules are more focused on retirement plans, 401(k)s and things like that. So, so far our distribution has been mostly to high net worth individuals and that’s unaffected, although we are increasingly creating products that are in more of a liquid sort of tradable form which will be fine for fiduciary and those can go to smaller investors. We are hopeful that my partner, Joan, will be able to crack open 401(k)s in a big way for alternative someday which would open up huge demand for our products but that's always a way and it has nothing to do with the fiduciary rules. I actually think ultimately those will be helpful.
Tony James: Well, I think we are in reasonable balance is the answer. There is a pretty good bid for really high-quality stabilized assets because cap rates are low and they are safe assets, so it's a great country with really solid economy and so a lot of investors want to - are happy to park their capital in those assets. On the other hand, we are not seeing any signs of - in general, of overbuilding, the kind of frothiness that are precursors to the collapsed real estate values. So some sectors are a little more active building than others. There is more building in multifamily for example than in terms of where it feels like you are in cycle than in single family homes. It's just looking at residential. So you have to kind of unpack the things. There is great demand for office space in Northern California with the tech boom and less so in suburban office space in some central parts of the country. But across the board, we are still seeing good opportunities to put money out as well. And I would say though that five years ago we were able to buy things at 40%, 50% discounts to physical replacement costs. We’re still buying things at discounts to physical replacement costs but the discounts have narrowed a lot. However as long as are buying at discounts to replacement costs, there is not going to be a lot of new building that crushes us, right, and we feel very good about the new stuff we’re buying.
Tony James: Yes, and then I think there is a point there that everyone should remember and we present our business in four segments but we are in a lot more than four businesses and they all have to - we have great products in 15 or 16 different businesses led by fantastic discrete teams and the breadth diversity and strength of our business is much more than appears if you just look at four silos [ph].
Tony James: Yes. Okay, well, in general our portfolio companies in private equity are growing in the low-single-digits. That has come down and we've had these conversations every quarter for last five or six quarters, that’s generally - it's kind of been - the rate of growth has slowed each quarter over that period of time I would say as the recovery in the economy gets a little long in the tooth. But it's still however succeeding the S&P 500 growth of earnings a lot. In real estate, the both occupancies are going up and rents are going up so - and that's generally across the world and across asset classes, so I would - and I haven't seen any diminution of that, so I think those trends are continuing to be wind at our back.
Tony James: Well, again you have to break that down by products and I assume you're basically asking - I will assume that you are basically asking about our core hedge fund fund-of-funds [ph] product.
Tony James: And in that I think they are hoping to get near S&P returns with about a quarter or third of the volatility.
Tony James: Okay, well in the U.S. - and you folks from private equity I assume - entry multiples are definitely higher but I have several caveats. The availability - the cost of debt is also definitely lower. The availability of leverage is quite attractive, so the quantum of debt is higher. And we've shifted our focus towards companies that have, I would say, you'd ordinarily pay more because they are businesses with greater organic growth and ideally ones with where capital expenditures is low percent or other capital needs that drive that growth are low percentages of the free cash flow. So if we look at the unlevered returns we have, we're getting the same that we always did but there is mix shift and we react to market conditions and we try to anticipate and be ahead of it and be clever about that. But that plus what I mentioned in the last question, Chris, was - is really why we’re still able - we think able to deliver really attractive returns in private equity. As we move to Europe, Europe has been a market that whether it's relatively less available in private equity - there has been relative less available. We've been, I think pretty public about concerns about the long-term growth rate relative to the Eurozone, structural integrity of the Eurozone, strength in the banking system in the Eurozone, the refugee crisis and so on and so forth, so a lot of issues in Europe that the U.S. doesn’t face. Yet prices in Europe have been not lower to reflect those added challenges. And so that's made Europe a harder place to put a lot of money for us, but we are still looking a lot of things. I think Brexit actually to the extent it makes people step back and knock some equity values down, will enhance our opportunity to Europe. Europe has been tough for a while. And then in energy, not sure what exactly you're interested in there but I think it's important to remember that we've been big energy investor for a long time. This is not new. We are on our second dedicated fund but even before our first dedicated fund we have a lot of energy which is why we went out and raised the dedicated energy fund just so we didn't over concentrated in that. And that energy fund is both a global fund and - but that's things like oil and gas in the upstream, but it also buys power plants and builds renewable assets. So usually in energy what's bad for one in that spectrum can be good for another. And I think so what you need to keep in mind is as oil and gas make it soft, maybe that means that the buyers of oil and gas have some real interesting opportunities. So we play the full spectrum and right now we've got just a ton of opportunities there.
Tony James: And let me just say, I don't think this certainly low interest rates and by the way our perception that the equity market going forward is not going to do much better than 5% or 6% is helping lately, but no institution, no pension fund out there could earn its return like historically either without a big slug of alternatives. And so this is not new and it's not temporary and it's not a function of today's market conditions. If you go back and look at institutional investors, their highest return asset classes always are alternatives for every holding period you can think of and as a result, those institutions that made a larger commitment to alternatives have higher historical returns and one of the really - one of the ironies about the global financial crisis that’s good for us is when that everything collapsed, the perception was, well, alternatives are riskier, you are really going to take pain. Now, well guess what? They actually held their values better than public markets, get more equity other than - by that I mean not government bonds obviously it's like quality there but people saw wow. Alternatives really held their value in that, so there is growing perception of maybe they are not that risky after all and they are certainly uncorrelated. And so I don't think the interest in alternatives and the move to alternatives is a temporary thing driven by today's market conditions. It's been going on a long time. The people that move first and move more have done better both in terms of consistency of returns and how high the returns are and I think it's going to keep on going.
Tony James: No, I was just going to say usually what we find is when rates go up it’s in the, I guess, the backdrop of economic strength. So it's probably - if we kind of bump along with a really anemic economic, rates probably stay low a long time. If they go up to what you're talking about, then it's probably a pretty strong economy and that's going to be good for us across the board first of all. So secondly in terms of putting new money out, it will just be easier. I mean, a rising tide lifts all boats and you hear about zero interest rates being financial repression. So as the financial repression goes away and the new money will I think have an easier time earning returns. Now your existing assets to the extent their interest-rate sensitive could be hurting that if you're holding them at the long duration. And so what we've done like for example in our credit business, we don't have a lot of long duration fixed-rate assets. We are short duration. We got a lot of cash. There are lot of transformational stories. They are restructurings. There are recapitalizations. There are things that are not going to be particularly straight driven. In real estate, as Steve mentioned, if you get inflation you're going to get rent growth, you're going to get so on and so forth. That should be okay in our mortgage REIT, everything we have in that mortgage REIT everything is floating rate. So actually interest rates higher interest, there are right a pass-through that are good. And private equity I think again if - we might pay a little bit more for debt but again strong economic background has got to be helpful. So no matter where I look in the business, I think it generally becomes easier and better for us.
Steve Schwarzman: Well, I think I'll take that one. It’s Steve. On the pension funds, we've been having sort of a pretty remarkable run in terms of raising money and it's one testament to the firm in breadth and excellence of performance. And on the second factors affect that these institutions typically are not hitting their assumptions, actuarial based assumptions and they need to do that. And your assessment in my view in anyway of the way the world lays out is correct. And as we talk with our clients and new clients, they really need to find a way to make things work. And so we are finding a broader range of people who want to invest more and more money in the alternative space and our existing clients tend to be stepping up their size significantly with managers that really like and trust and I think maybe everybody on a call says something like if it’s their call that you're a place of choice for those, but I think the numbers that we've put up over years show that that is indeed the case and I don't expect that to change certainly in the short-term because there is still enormous pressure to keep global interest rates low, in fact that's accelerated after Brexit, my goodness if two-thirds of the GDP is sort of 1% or lower for the 10-year, that's a really stunning. I mean how do you get that kind of really good performance and we create that for them. So I think that that will continue, and as to what we do with the overage, some of it goes to our competitors, actually good for them but we don't look it like that. We keep inventing new things because what we are trying to do is give investors the highest possible returns with the least risk and we've been very successful at that, and so we just go off on our way and come up with new things. As Tony mentioned each of our big business areas have sort of as part of their strategic plan products we'd like to introduce, there is only so much you can do without straining your people because we have to continue the keep doing great stuff from what we promised. So but that's the virtue of circle for us right now and I don't see what's going to change it other than radically higher dramatically - I shouldn’t use radically - dramatically higher interest rates and getting excited about 25 basis point moves or 50 basis point move as being dramatic. It's only - it’s sort of like the, what do they say in the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king, it seemed as big but it's - in the context of the world it's not really going to affect the economy very much. It will bang markets around a little bit but I think there is a really good headway here for the firm.
Steve Schwarzman: Well, was that - doesn’t some of that - doesn’t that some of that have to do with why rates are going up. If you’ve got an overheated economy, our types of investing tends to do very well in that. If you have high levels of inflation, that’s sort of made for the real estate business and it creates very interesting returns on a nominal basis and we've lived in this industry which I’ve been hanging around since the early 80s when it started and I think Tony did like five years later something like that and we made good money.
Steve Schwarzman: Really? I can realize you were that old. But the - you can do well or do poorly in a lot of different environments and we’re not a bond fund per se of the firm where rates go down and you make accidental money. We are trying to create value wherever we go and sometimes you fix your interest rate so that if you sense things are going up in a way that isn't going to benefit you, you limit your cost. So I’m not trying to be adversarial about it but I think it's much more nuanced sort of approach. Tony I cut you off for a sec, so I apologize.
