Joan Solotar: Terrific. Thank you, Glenn. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Blackstone's first quarter 2014 conference call. I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, CFO; and Weston Tucker, Head of IR. Earlier this morning, we issued our press release and the slide presentation illustrating our results. Those are available on the website and we'll be filing our 10-Q in a couple of weeks. So I would like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and actual results may differ materially. After a discussion of some of the risks, please see the Risk Factor section in our 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. We will refer to non-GAAP measures, and you can find those reconciliations in the press release. I'd also like to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in the Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted, can't be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. So quick recap, we reported economic net income, or ENI, for the first quarter of 70% – $0.70 excuse me that’s a record first quarter its up 27% from $0.65 last year’s first quarter. Increase was driven by higher performance fees; we had greater appreciation in the underlying portfolio assets, as well as higher management fees. Distributable earnings were $485 million in the quarter that’s $0.41 per common unit, up 21% from last year’s first quarter. And we’ll be paying a distribution of $0.35 per unit to shareholders of record as of April 28. So one more note from me and we're going to be hosting our fourth annual Blackstone Investor Day on June 12 in New York. We've just sent out the save the date e-mails. If you haven’t received one, but you would like to, please let us know also please mark it on your calendar. Please feel free to follow up with me or Weston after the call with any questions, and with that, I'm going to turn it over Steve Schwarzman.
Joan Solotar: Great, thanks if you have questions, please feel free to go in the queue. We have quite a few analysts and investors on the call. So, if you can limit your first round to just one question, please. And operator, we're ready for the first question.
Joan Solotar: Great, well thanks everyone for joining us and we have follow up questions. Please feel free to call us directly. Thank you.
Laurence A. Tosi: Sure, so Dan BCP 5 had very good quarter in the first quarter and it was really driven by the fundamental growth in the portfolio. It's public assets performed well. And that's been pretty consistent. A lot of the data that I just gave you about the forward outlook that was reflect assets that are in there. We pull – obviously we have all the real-time financial through the first quarter. We pull all the CEOs in there. And the feeling is that EBITDA growth is steady and on pace, you can see that just by watching the deficit, you will call it that, to earning full carry going down from the $4 billion to $916 million, just in the last few months. And I think that reflects the operating performance.
Laurence A. Tosi: If I could add one thing, the other measure that they there are looking at is $15 billion of assets in total for some of these institutions where its $16 billion. So, we’re a long way from being even close to that. And obviously even for the $16 billion all of those assets – a lot of that applies to what Tony just said was highly diversified in a bunch of different private funds.
Laurence A. Tosi: And on the second part of your question look, is 15 the new 20. I think it’s not quite the way we think about it. We promise are we expect to deliver our investors five basis points to 700 basis points return above what they could earn in the public markets. And, you – that maybe somewhat lower today than it's been, but when I look at the deals, deal by deal, they are all being priced to what we think is the same 20% hurdle. Now, we correct for the fact that the markets price year and more difficult by reducing as Steve mentioned the real estate reducing the rate of investment, they try to keep that bar high. And – but I think, I think that the funds that we're investing now will be, right up in there with any fund we've ever invested in terms of total return.
Laurence A. Tosi: Okay. So the first part you are talking about advisory fees. The way the GAAP works, you try to accrue for what you think the compensation amount will be for the entire year, even though in that business we tend to be cyclically concentrated in the fourth quarter Mike. So the fact actually that the compensation accrual in the first quarter looks high relative to the revenues, is actually a reflection of the fact that our outlook for the year is that we will have more than four times the first quarter’s revenue over the course of the year, if you follow me. So typically we have about 30% of the revenues in the fourth quarter, but I’m required to account for 25% of the full year compensation expense in the first quarter. So actually it’s more of bullish sign of where they are. And I think you look at revenue is up year-over-year about 7% and then economic net income about 3% that’s in that range is what we are forecasting for the year. Now as far as the private performance overtime actually what did not drive the valuations in the first quarter was market comparables or changes to exit notables. It was purely driven by EBITDA growth. So we very rarely do we make changes in exit multiples, obviously the multiples will change or take a company public as the market will give its own notable to a business and that typically those notables will be higher than our carrying value, because we point towards a conservative long-term notable value, but the driver that you saw in the private portfolio and the public portfolio reflects where they are in the growth basis, not a change in notables.
Laurence A. Tosi: That's – Mark, that's when we commence the fund-raising for these funds. So it goes on for a while after that, while we finish all the old funds.
Laurence A. Tosi: And on the S&P thing, one other thing sign of health if you will, is that – cap probably sitting with the group of peoples, so they can correct me on this, but it's basically around six months from going into the market. Usually, these funds for most firms take a year and half to raise and it's a sign of – how well regarded the S&P people are. We've been experiencing this – in other parts of the firm as well, that market whether its us that the marketing periods for these funds are getting shorter and shorter. And the demand is significantly higher, for example, if you were to measure these two years to three years ago you would have been appreciably different.
Laurence A. Tosi: Well, I'll take the first part of maybe Tony or Steve will take the BAAM part – with respect I would be careful to look at the first quarter of this year and normalize it towards some level, in part because the first quarter of last year was actually a relatively slow period with respect to deploying capital, last year all-in, we did just over $15 billion. It feels like the pace of capital will be more than that, but nowhere near the 21, 22 that the pace would indicated the moment, it’s my view.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Okay. So, Dan, the EBITDA is actually accelerating. EBITDA growth in BCP 5 is accelerating each quarter. And while for a while I tracked the S&P pretty closely, actually there's one quarter where it fell a little bit behind for whatever reason, which was the third quarter last year, but lately its been not only ahead of the S&P when it accelerating while the S&P earnings growth is flattening. We’ve got some companies that really have a lot of momentum. Hilton for example which is a big investment is doing extremely well. And we are getting the compounding of course of earnings growth with leverage and which magnifies it and then the delevering effect of the cash flow. So, we’re pretty – we feel good about the portfolio, basically we kind of whenever we analyze a sale process we look and see what's the return to keep holding, even if the market backs off a little and if we can get something in the teens by continuing to hold even the companies probably continue to hold because we are earning well above the returns, well above what the investors could otherwise earn by redeploying the capital either in debt or general equities. So, so far it looks good, the portfolio looks good, we’re 3% away from where we are fully in carry on the enterprise value of the overall portfolio, we’re already in carry and part of BCT5 and it pulled out, but have made some carry distributions this quarter. So I think we feel good that it will get there, how far in to the carry it gets will be the issue.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: It depends, where in the world you’re talking about and what assets class. Right now in Europe, really for the first time over the last six months the European banks are in good enough shape that they are able to liquidate assets and still maintain a decent capital ratio in the bank and so that’s got a lot of stuff going on, and you are also seeing some type of distress in Asia in real estate as the number of the banks retreat in terms of credit extension which is putting a lot of pressure on people who develop and hold real estate. Not so much here in the U.S. a lot of that’s been increasingly cleared out, although there still is some real estate in the commercial area of that type and residential different markets are healing in different ways, but have a way to go from the artificial depression from the withdrawal of credit in the housing sector. Corporate wise, in U.S. there is obviously not a lot of distress left. There is a little bit in Europe and in Asia really some of that's going to be coming in the future if the emerging markets develop a problem. So I don't know, Tony, whether you see things differently than…
Stephen A. Schwarzman: One final thing, because we give answers that are much too long, but sort of tells you how we think, that there is dislocation coming out of all the financial regulation that’s continuing whether its U.S., whether its Europe much less in Asia at this point, though that will change, and, you know, the tightening of regulation, the prohibition to be in certain things, the mandatory requirements for equity make it very difficult for the banking system to continue extending credits in areas that the are used to and as a result of that that creates opportunity which can be done through a completely different funding mechanism, which is very important to understand that when we go into businesses, we typically raise long-term capital without any demand for repayment on the liability side. And so we’re finding a steady stream of those types of opportunities, which is what you would expect with a dramatic rejiggering of the financial system globally.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: One last piece of color on that, the U.S. banking system is pretty well capitalized actually. So, there is less foreselling come out of them. It's Europe where you've got relatively more of the foresellers, which towards less well capitalized. And in Asia, it's not so much coming out of the banks as it's companies that can't get access to capital. Right.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Okay, so our view was that there is no conceivable way that if people were rational and we're worried about systemic risk, that Blackstone would be a SIFI . Our assets are not interconnected. Our funds are not levered. Capital is lined is tied up, one asset could go down and because they are not cross collateralized, it doesn’t destabilize any vehicle, its no different really than a mutual fund owning a bunch of equities, there is no more systemic risk to what we do than that. So it’s really – and where as the mutual fund could have a lot of redemptions for a seller, we really can be. So I don’t really see how – now doesn’t mean that the political process might not come to a bad result, so we just look at it and think that at the end of the day rationality will prevail.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Okay well first of all everything is working retail right now. And just to put numbers on that I think we talked about five years ago we raised about $0.5 billion a year in retail products. In the first quarter, we raised $2.5 billion, just to show you how it’s ramping. Part of that is the market has come back, but a lot of that is just a retail system that we’ve built and have been building for four or five years. I would try to keep that low visibility for competitive reasons, but it’s out there now and it's really humming. So originally retail investors want yield product and any thing with the yield. And now they have shifted – risk appetite has gone up a lot and they are much more focused on total return and there is really appetite for our high return non-yield products private equity and real estate distressed rescue financing so on. So and the way we approach is in lot of forms, targeted towards different audiences. So we have a mortgage REIT where you can – a little old lady can buy a hundred shares safely for a few thousand dollars, and then we have direct participation into private equity real estate taxable opportunities, some of those more esoteric products, where it takes ultra high net worth investors, and then we have products in the middle targeted for the mass affluent BDCs and things like that. So we – and as you know we’ve created a daily liquidity hedge fund product in conjunction with Fidelity which we are now going to be expanding some of that distributions. So we have a lot of – it’s all of our products and its all segments of retail and its getting at those retail investors through a lot of different distribution mechanisms.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: The one thing I might add to that Glenn, because in that you asked us about regulatory oversight and in fact. Just to be clear when Tony used the word direct, meaning they are going into our main funds, but they are going through a vehicle that’s set up and managed by the actual brokers network as it may be. So we are one step or move from actually taking, so they are qualifying the clients and dealing with clients directly, not us. I think that’s an important distinction from regulatory and risk perspective.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Well I think our brand will do very well in that channel anyway, but those liquid alternatives products that are being put out there are not really alternatives products. So despite the label, they will get – they are getting huge amounts of money. More power to them, but notwithstanding – and they have been out there for a while. Notwithstanding that we're still ramping significantly, but none of them offer the kind of returns, the lack of correlation and so on that we do. As I said, they are not truly alternative products the way we define it which is focused on private markets.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: This is Steve. Just on Gates and buying things from other people, we get this question from time-to-time and it is interesting that when people buy stocks they don’t have questions who owned it the last time and the fact that a stock was always out there, and this is something it always being improved and people buy them and sometimes if they are smart they go up a lot and if they are not so smart they go down and for some reason, we get asked different types of questions, even though we buy these companies you know that were out there, now, we've done this a bunch and it's really a function of what you are buying and what your analysis is. For example, we bought a company brokers another firm years ago we made 6.5 times profit on it and you could have asked the same question. With Gates, the analysis is, and, you know, it's not a zero sum game. Somebody could make money and someone else can make money too. This is a very interesting company it’s a terrific company actually and it’s global. It can do more expansion in certain parts of the world, but basically Gates was part of a deal which was a combination with a company called Thompkins in the UK. And the direction when that company was bought was to basically liquidate the Thompkins business. Thompkins was comprised of a lot of smaller companies within Thompkins. So that the managements primary focus was for doing that liquidation rather than spending an equivalent amount of time on the Gates portion of the business. Like many private equity deals, there comes a time when you sell it, when you've accomplished a bunch of what you've tried to do. I think the sellers in this case did they have a successful deal. We looked at Gates from an operating perspective and in this regard, we’ve had a very good thing happen here at the firm with a fellow named Dave Calhoun joining us, who for – I guess it was like seven years ran Nielsen a very, very successfully and previously was Vice Chairman of General Electric. And Dave was part of our due diligence team on this along with our team of really terrific private equity professionals and other outsiders that – and the view of Dave as well as the other peoples if there were significant improvements that could be made to Gates in terms of best practices and other approaches with applications of capital with high returns. And so as a results of really just sort of a blocking and tackling case with a company with very low downside. In terms of its basic business primarily aftermarket rather than the volatility of an OEM, that we took a positive approach on the deal. One of the wonderful things about our business as you find out in three to five years if we were right or not. And we think the analysis here is correct, or we wouldn't have gone ahead. But one of the things you also find is that when you buy really good companies, like a Gates, good things tend to happen to you. And a little bit of attention goes a long way. So, that's maybe more than you wanted to know about Gates.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: And what we've also learned is when you stray from that discipline, which other people in our business not all, but other people from time-to-time do, they say, well all the markets giving me is 15 is that’s usually a sign of some kind of a bubble and that if you just follow the crowd, good things don't happen to you because that 15 ends up not being 15 either. So, it’s important to keep discipline. And part of the things – part of the lessons you learn doing this kind of investing over decades.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: All right. So may pretend you construct a portfolio that’s growing at a 100% of S&P and that you have some stock market choppiness is for two to three weeks and sort of markets go down. As Tony indicated, if we can keep compounded the earnings of the companies at double that rate there is no bad that happens to you as an investor, if you could put together a portfolio companies growing at double S&P and do it at or ridiculously low multiple, you would be a happy person, I would think, I mean we are happy. So we look at the realization questions slightly differently than some other people might look at it, because we're trying to create a lot of value and the market gives it us we'll take it, but as long as we can do a terrific job growing these assets well in excess of what other people might be buying at what is in effect for you are very low buy-in price, then that's a good model.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Okay. So the returns on that fund, even though it’s got a pretty short like there somewhere in the opportunity.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Yes, I think we did mentioned the core plus area which is potentially a large market opportunity for us and that could be hearing more that in the future we develop our plans in that sector.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Yes, we’re coming to market with our energy fund, which – well in all probability end up being capped. Should be a lot of demand for that with returns the previous funds in the 50s. You don't find the funds in history that do things like that. And then, we'll be – again, these are sort of probability type things coming to market with our next significant BCP basic fund of BCP 7, would be probably in the next year. So…
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I should note that strategic partners also, their fund is – hit it's hard cap. It's up from $2.5 million to $4 billion or something like that. So 60% increase. And we also have very exciting business in tactical opportunities. This is all in the private equities segment, which is getting pretty fully invested. So I wouldn't be surprised to see them back in the next year or so as well.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: That’s very good question. I think we are still dealing with the overhead of basically miserable performance by most the managers in real estate whether they were core managers or opportunity manager. And so there is a real desire for safety, real estate is in a liquid asset class, typically its got leverage, typically there are always some group of people hitting the wall in any economic downturn. And the fact that we’ve had virtually no losses in opportunity real estate which tends to have the highest leverage and that’s virtually no losses, I think it’s less than 1% of a capital over 22 years, I mean sort of an astonishing record for capital preservation, let alone performance that’s highest in its sector with no one close, puts us in a very unusual position which should last for some period of time, because if you have been burned, you give people money, you tend not to forget that very quickly. And so one of the reasons we keep creating more and more gap between ourselves and the rest of the people in that asset class and its actually pretty unique thing in my experience, because it shouldn’t be happening, but the distress was so severe with these other managers and our performance was so differentiated including the safety component of it which is very important for large institutions. That’s is not allowing us to expand in different parts of the real estate complex and so we’ll be continuing to innovate in that area and I think that this is a trend that’s going to exists for some time, but it is different, buying a piece of core real estate sort of a nice – sort of more of less go where – office building, and generating a 7% return than it is doing a lot of operational changes with a piece of real estate or going through major restructurings or building additions, improvements to real estate or basically modernizing or upgrading or improving software systems and a variety of other things that’s really operational. And so I’m not trying to take that down side of your question, there are always people – market to every large rule of the capital and just because you are out there wanting to do something doesn’t mean people will necessarily assume you can go from something you were doing to something that they view as much different. You may tell them, in fact it’s the same but if they understand that difference they challenge you on that. So I think this is much more fudgy than you might suspect. Its not this stuff doesn’t have been as fast as it would with liquid managers, where you hire somebody who is at a new place. They bring the record and it just sort of happens and the money flows to them – its different and the approval processes are different and the bias is it gets built up not just by the people in the institution to a green lighting, but also their board of trustees which are very cautious generally about the real estate asset class. So that may have been more of a wandering answer than you were looking for but it reflects on a perception of what is going on.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: You just call a bunch of them and you can call us back and tell what we’ve said, we think we are in touch with what they believe, you don’t need to hesitate to call.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Okay, yes, well I think the vehicle has got off to a great start. It's performed very well and we’re looking – we’re now from moving to other distribution partners beyond Fidelity.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Extremely early innings, I mean one product in the first order as well you’ve got it could be very substantially larger.
Hamilton E. James: No. I see it the same. But to put a little meat on the bones, Europe is very little distress in any asset class and what is out there is has the prices have moved up, so we started buying nonperforming residential loans at $0.40 on the dollar they have more than doubled, for example lately. And at some point, that's just not that interesting. So the U.S. is not much distressed and I would say it’s just declining further and prices are high. In Europe, we’ve been very active lately, but the – starting with much more capital flowing in the year of a distressed and so I’m not sure necessarily how long there will be interesting opportunities, but they are interesting today and interestingly Asia, particularly with a pull back of credit in China is really starting to have a lot of momentum. So there is a lot – so it’s kind of – it’s slow from the U.S., in the Europe and it looks like they are slowing over to Asia just regionally. I would say the two businesses that are – that benefits most from the bank sales are real estate and tactical opportunities and to a lesser degree, our strategic partners business. So those have been the prime beneficiaries, but we'll have to see. It's a very pricey world and it's the healing world. Europe, I think the economy has bottomed out. So I don’t think we're going to be creating a lot more distress. U.S. of course, economy is picking up momentum and it's really emerging markets where you can get something going off the rails, but some of those assets are, if they are credit assets, creditor rights issues some of the things that make it harder.
Hamilton E. James: Well look if the market is goes down a lot it would push out the time line for sure. On the other hand, these assets are not of static value. If we sell a company two years from now it’s going to be heck of a lot more valuable, so it doesn’t – so what happens then? Investors have to wait a little longer for distribution, but distributions are bigger and what we – when we use the carry and what investors bring that from – it’s not IRR its multiple of investor capital. So the IRR could be flat or it could even degrade little as the holding period stretches out, but the multiple of money really goes up, so the carry goes up faster than the overall value obviously, because its derivative of the gain. So its not such a bad thing and that’s why we can be patient and we are patient and we're always looking at what can I get to hold it, and frankly, even if these equity prices, it's not such an easy decision to sell many of these companies. They are doing great. And they have a lot of appreciation ahead of them and that’s one of the reasons that our IPOs almost universally perform extremely well and well outperform the market because investors know A we don’t sell much when we IPO it and B there is lot of appreciation potential ahead with these companies. So waiting is not a bad thing.
Hamilton E. James: So Patrick let me add a couple of things. As Steve mention there is just no one close that has in terms of the investment track record and so what that meaning as we go out that we are not only not – not only the investors not coming into our funds in preference to others, our fund, our real estate funds are all hitting a cap , we are turning away investors. So I think that’s to the benefit of other funds, because we can’t take all the capital, but we are certainly not funding any – if anything is insufficient supply not as sufficient demand number one. Number two, in terms of putting money out real estate is huge; the value of buildings in the world is what is that of of all stocks and bonds combined. And so there is an awful lot to do by comparison to sort of corporate investing and ironically the cumulative amount of real estate opportunity funds raised is very smaller than cumulative amount raised for private equity. So again, in terms of supply and demand of opportunities is extremely favorable. So it has been as you can see from the rate of investment and the life cycle of these funds which are shorter than private equity if not at all hard to put this money out, the investment pace is extremely high. Number three, there is a lot of scale advantages in real estate, I mean with our certain deals we are the only ones big enough to do it alone, consortiums do form but they are cumbersome and you tend to get a lowest common denominator kind of attitude and you tend not to execute very crisply. So that is one kind of scale advantage. The other one what Steve is getting into is the very operational, we have dedicated teams in Scandinavia to do only suburban office, and we have dedicated teams in Germany that do only hotels and we have a dedicated teams that do only warehouses in Continental Europe or in England or in the United States or in Japan or in China. Dedicated teams each play, its you have to have a lot of skill to have that and if you don’t have it you become frankly a less good and less effective investor. So I think our LPs understand that this is kind of a unique kind of business, it’s very hard to replicate.
Hamilton E. James: Okay. Well the M&A market feels better I would say that way because well if you look at the backlogs you know they are definitely up. And, what you will hear a lot about is M&A practitioners talking about how buyers have been rewarded. So in other words, unusually the stocks of buyers on the deals announced have been going up and that’s encouraging boards to be more venturesome and the put money out. Also some other factors are; I think the economies – Europe seems to have bottomed out. The US economy is healing and so boards – companies are more comfortable than more venturesome. They are sitting out lot of cash and very strong balance sheet, so they have that in terms ammo and their stocks are up, so they got that in the way currency as well. And then finally their organic growth as you can see from what's happening at the S&P is weak. In fact, I think last year if you took our stock buybacks S&P earnings wouldn’t have been up. So companies are eager for growth. So the combination of desire for grow, lots of fire power, lots of currency, more comfortable with the world and the stock market rewarding managements and companies for deals has created. I think an upswing in the M&A which should continue for while, I don’t see that any of those things reverse and we’re seeing that in our pipeline. Now what could change that will be some kind of geopolitical thing I think, so I mean god only knows what happens if there is a problem between say Japan and China or something like that. That of course could change that perception in a hurry, but I will say the M&A business is – it is the physiological business and if markets plummet a lot, they will have sellers willing to back-off and you might even have buyers wanting to sort of wait to see what is happening. In the last year or two there have been an awful lot of transactions in M&A that were worked on, got to sort of the 10-yard line and didn’t get done. And that’s really happen last years it look pretty good beginning the year and then sort of Petered out, just a lot of things that buyers and sellers and agents that spend a lot of time on just didn't happen. In terms of the impact on I guess, you’re asking again is our private equity business. I think the stock market now is offering values consistent with a lot of times strategic we pay historically so we don’t actually we are not looking to the strategic sale market from most of our exist at this point. Most of its equity and its come back it will be good for our existing portfolio because inevitably there will be some more activity. And we certainly had some very interesting approaches lately with several of our companies. So to be clear that’s only a good thing with the existing portfolio. And but our exits are not dependent on that. Now, on the bidding side, lot of times we are buying assets which you are kind impaired and take a lot of work and under managed and they just won’t see a lot of strategic often for those assets. Although of course, if there is a lot more strategic activity we will see more competition inevitably. But, you know, our cost of capital today was interest rates where they are and non-leverage we can get, I think maybe below that are more strategic.
