Joan Solotar: Great. Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Blackstone's Fourth Quarter 2011 Conference Call. So I'm here today with Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Laurence Tosi, CFO.  So earlier this morning, we issued a press release, which hopefully you've had time to go through, and it's available on our website if you have not. We expect to file the 10-K report at the end of the month.  So I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and out of the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect our results, please see the Risk Factors section of the 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. And we will refer to non-GAAP measures on the call, and reconciliations of those can be found in the press release. The audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and can't be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent.  Okay, so we reported economic net income or ENI of $0.40 per unit for the fourth quarter. That's up sequentially from $0.31 in the third quarter and compares with 46% (sic) [$0.46] in the fourth quarter of 2010. The sequential improvement reflected mostly a sharp increase in performance fees and investment income. That was across all of our investing businesses, as well as an increase in management and advisory fees.  We reported ENI roughly flat at $1.25 per unit for the year, and that compared with $1.28 in 2010. In terms of distributable earnings for the fourth quarter, those were $0.16 per common unit, and that brings the full year distributable earnings to $0.60 per common unit, which is basically flat with the prior year as well. We'll be paying $0.22 to common unitholders as it relates to the fourth quarter as a true up, less the holdback, and that brings the full year distribution to $0.52.  I just wanted to touch on one other item because I think there was a little bit of confusion in some of the research reports that came out and probably wasn't totally clear in our press release, that when you look at the Hedge Fund Solutions unit, it includes the Asian advisors business, which we actually sold. So it shows net inflows at $271.5 million, but those are not BAAM net inflows. Those were actually $1.2 billion. Those do not include inflows as of January 1. There were no redemptions as of January 1, so that's a really clean number.  And because there were some reports saying that BAAM showed some slowed growth, but in the fourth quarter, that actually was not the case. So as always, if you have other questions, please feel free to reach out to me or to Weston Tucker after the call.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve 
Joan Solotar: Yes. But I had mentioned this last quarter, from -- in terms of when we started collecting those fees, it wasn't until the first quarter of this year on the real estate fund. So even though, the year-end number showed it in the AUM, there were no fee, management fees accrued for the first quarter, that's going to start in-- excuse me, for the fourth quarter, that'll start in the first quarter. 
Joan Solotar: No, no, no. So what I was saying is in the AUM number, that's true. But in terms of fees, the fees didn't kick in until the first quarter. So the entire amount raised will start earning fees in the first quarter. It's a bigger jump than the AUM number will show. 
Joan Solotar: Great. Thanks, everyone, for your attention, and look forward to catching up after the call. Have a good day. 
Stephen Schwarzman: I'll handle that pretty quickly. In terms of allocations going up, the answer is yes. The problem that the LPs have is really hitting their actuarial assumptions, and you can't do that as much as they would have liked to in equities and even most of the debt products are below and significantly below their actuarial assumptions of roughly 8%. The alternatives are almost the only class of investments that will get you there. And consequently, increasing commitments to alternatives is happening pretty widely as an occasional exception of someone who's way ahead of where they should be, but it's very much across the board. LPs are consolidating relationships for a lot of reasons, one is performance. As people fall down in performance, they're being eliminated. The LPs are also looking to get some economies of scale as they're looking to even lower some of their own cost internally. There's a little bit of fee compression that goes on as part of that. But with some of the best-known managers in the world getting larger and larger allocations from these institutional investors, it's a good arrangement for everyone. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, we don't think about our business the way you just laid it out. We introduced new funds or new products when we think we really can generate special kinds of returns for people with low risk, and we go wherever that takes us rather than having a philosophy on just large or focused. And ultimately, we're measured by the people who give us money by how well we do, and we always aspire to be at the very top of performance. So for example, we're in the process of raising, I guess, you would call it a smaller, specialized fund in real estate, and we think the returns on that are really good because we have the opportunity to invest globally in that. As opposed to just upstream or downstream, we have extremely broad mandate for that. It's investing side-by-side with our BCP VI. On the other hand, we just finished raising a very large mezzanine fund, I guess. It's like the second biggest in the world now. And we don't view that as sort of a big global thing versus a specialized because the kinds of investments we can do out of that, that we did out of the last one, were the best returns in the world. For mezzanine, it sort of finds its own way, as long as we get that kind of global deal fund flow, and we're doing that in the rescue fund. So I think and I'm not trying to avoid your question. I'm just saying that we look at where the best returns can be, the best opportunities, the best structure, and that's how we raise money, and the markets receive it that well, that approach, which is one reason why we've raised so much money, not because we choose to raise it. We're responding to opportunities and convince LPs that, indeed, those opportunities are compelling. 
Stephen Schwarzman: But the other way we can take advantage of that, from a firm-wide platform is, we can see what's happening with consumer purchases across that. And to the extent they're stronger, that leads us to other places. We can see that when the occupancy rates of all of the centers, just for example, start getting much higher. The big one we bought, Brixmor, is sort of down 5% from where it used to be, for example. As that starts filling up, you realize that we're going to have to start going into a construction cycle again. We're not there, but we'll be able to watch the sort of like life in slow motion as these places show up. And then, for example, that could lead us in private equity to start buying more things that would benefit from a construction cycle, which hasn't started yet, but we'd have advanced warning signs. And those types of linkages intellectually, analytically enable us to figure out where to move rather than just sort of consulting economies, if you will. Yes, wrong at least half the time. 
Stephen Schwarzman: I'd say in terms of credit, we're probably underpenetrated long only jump on management, and we really haven't expanded in that area as much as we can. In the leveraged loan area, I think we're probably the largest non-bank in the world in that area. And in mezzanine, we pushed that. I think we also have a lot of expansion potential in Asia. We really are not present there for a variety of reasons. There's only so much you can do. Some of their credit laws or laws enforcing creditors' rights aren't as developed as they are in some other places, but there are a lot of people who have made good money there. So there are a lot of other places geographically where we can take our product, particularly if we can raise money in local currency so that those local currency investors are used to those laws in those countries in terms of how to be investing. So there's a long runway to go. We also haven't really raised money in Europe for a number of our products in euros. That may be a little challenging in today's world where people are pretty frozen in Europe about committing to almost anything. But that market will probably normalize over time, assuming that the euro, it's gained, which, as of today, feels better because of a variety of factors including Draghi's approach to running the ECB. So I think a long way more to go in GSO. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Actually, it was quite the opposite. I think that we felt good about where they were. We have had virtually 0 turnover in GSO. We felt it was a good time, really, for 2 ways. I think, that the partners in GSO -- as part of the deal, by the way, we lengthened the amount of retention over time, and it's payable over several years. So we actually strengthened the retention. But we never really thought that there was much risk of departure and also, much of the considerations being recycled back in their funds because the GSO people believe in their funds and believe this is a good time to be there, so it worked both ways. 
Stephen Schwarzman: But one thing that is fun, and Tony's completely on point with this, on Monday this week, GSO moved from where they've been a few blocks down on Park Avenue into our sort of headquarters building at 345 Park. And I've never seen so many excited people, and I don't think they were aware that they were down in some kind of deep hole or something on -- I forgot what floor it was down there, 16, surrounded by giant office buildings, and here they're up on 31, where, because of the adjoining buildings, they're up above most of it. And it's had a brilliant sunlight and new offices and excited people and everybody at the firm is really happy that we've now got all of our New York people in one building. And the kind of concerns that you evidenced in the question, it's really just the opposite when you got visibility of what's going on here. 
Stephen Schwarzman: I'd say we have a very, very large portfolio there. And it's a funny thing, you can almost harvest our Real Estate portfolio at any time you choose. It's really a matter of choice. And how much growth we're going to get out of the U.S. economy for how long because we're on leverage, it's an issue of absolute dollars. And if we're facing a more expanded cycle, then it's sort of like, "Why would you sell today if you could hold on and make more money tomorrow?" And we're in the business of buying low and selling higher. Nobody ever picks the top tick on an entire portfolio, particularly the scale of ours. But we're seeing the trends improve. And what happens in real estate, as you get up close to high occupancy, whether it's a building or an asset class like industrial, what happens is the rents geometrically pop, and that usually happens on office in somewhere around 7% or something like that of a building. You get a market tighter than that and rents spike. When those rents spike, the people who buy those properties will pay you much, much more than your current cash flow is justifying because they can price those rents in the future when your stuff rolls off. And that one asset will earn a hugely higher amount of money. And so what we try and do is, for the most part, try and time that exit to get closer in that kind of ideal zone. And we're not there yet. For some of it, some properties we've had for a while, they've done quite well, and we'd exit those. But when we exit the real estate, my expectation is that we will really crush it, okay? And we'll really do extremely well, and that's assuming that the economy continues on and construction remains almost nonexistent except for the apartment sector. We're not huge participants. 
Stephen Schwarzman: One thing I'd say with that is that the M&A cycle, as you know from reporting or reading the reports on the investment banks, where you can see that M&A volumes really plunged. And in terms of new setups for private equity, we've done a pretty unusual job sourcing things, allotting energy where people need to add to what they're doing or starting new businesses, whether it's in the shell business or building electric plants in India. But the kind of regular way, M&A-driven private equity type opportunities have been relatively small just because M&A volumes are down. M&A volumes are almost always down when you're at the bottom and coming up from a recessionary period because sellers basically just don't want to sell when equities have not been worth much and I think, they can get more value for their company in the future. So it takes a little while for an economy to recover where buyers and sellers can match up in a comfortable way, and we're getting closer to that. But remember what it was like last August. That wasn't that long ago with the debt talks, Europe in shambles, U.S. downgraded, markets collapsing, who the heck would sell a business in the middle of that? And people who sell businesses don't make changes in the way they think as a result of a 2-month rally, which isn't like a heroic rally, in any case, in the capital markets. It takes a while, and we also have the uncertainty of the political environment, which has been basically getting in the way of an enormous amount of normal functioning in the economy. And as those issues get resolved one way or another and expansion continues, you'll see more volume coming in a more traditional fashion in the Private Equity area. 
Stephen Schwarzman: When you see -- start the investment period on BREP or BREP VII or BCP VI, that's when you get that big step function. And as you keep raising money, all right, that step goes higher. You go up another step because that money wasn't there previously, and it is. In our GSO drawdown funds, for example, the credit world treats these type of funds differently from an LP point of view, and those funds only generate their management fee when they are invested, right? So there's no giant step-up. It's really a slow leakage into income as that fund makes its investments. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes, the stuff we bought -- a lot of the stuff we bought, though, it's interesting, they're European sellers, but they're often U.S. assets. So we're not seeing the pressure in the U.S. because it's such a broad type of market, and we're buying it, in effect, at U.S. clearing prices. And that additional supply from Europe doesn't really make a difference. And we have -- and I've been personally involved in experiences where the head of a European financial institution will say, "Look, I'd love to sell you this thing. We've made an offer for it, but I just can't take a deeper write-off. I just can't do it because I've got my regulatory capital requirements and I'm carrying it higher, and you may be the real market, but I can't survive if I dump all this stuff out of that price." And from a financial system perspective, you actually don't want that institution destroying their equity capital for the privilege of shrinking. And recently, I'm sure you saw it, I guess, it was a week before last right around Davos that Mrs. Merkel and Sarkozy, asked the Basel committee to change the applicability of Basel III standards to the French and German banks. That's for straightforward talk, that really just has to do with if we comply, you're going to make such a mess in our countries with the deleveraging and the capital and the rest of it. We won't be able to extend credit. We can't run our countries right. Our ability to grow our country is -- we're going to be going down. That's going to destabilize the financial system all the more. It's something I've been saying for 2 years. They've now just caught up with the reality of this and the ECB -- excuse me, the Basel committee will probably back off from some of that just to protect the European financial system, which has been pushed to the point of severe distress and lack of confidence in terms of being able to raise liabilities. And what that should mean is, that yes, they will sell. But I think Tony's thesis on this is correct. It will provide sales over a longer period of time for people like us, which is probably a good thing because we can pace our capital raising to what's going on in the market. If you have a huge flood, it almost overwhelms everyone, and there basically aren't enough buyers. The U.S. banks, which are looking for earning assets, the big U.S. banks, for the most part, are in excellent shape, and they're looking for assets. And that's why when we've made, for example, in real estate, bids for some of these asset pools where we've been successful, we'll team up with a U.S. bank to buy the senior pieces that are quite secure, and we'll take the stuff more on the bottom of the capital structure, where you can say in a simplistic way there's more risk. We don't see that more risk or else we wouldn't be doing it. But where the return is much greater and you have to do something to that property, and if you don't do something successfully, it's not so good for you. If you do, you can make many, many more times than the banks would make just buying the senior debt. But there's a good appetite for that senior debt, and we are a partner of choice for the U.S. banking system on those type of major deals 
Stephen Schwarzman: Tony was asked that question, Marc, on the earlier press call, and I think he said it was really tough to predict that, which it is. And he gave an estimate which, I think, was like a guess at the table of some number. He used 8 to 10. I don't know really. That's one of the adventures of being part of a firm like this. We're in a job of opportunistically taking advantage of large things. Last year, in Real Estate, for example, was sort of unprecedented, in large part because we caught this major deal from Australia, which needed about $6 billion or something like that of equity, where we offloaded a bunch because it was too big -- not $6 billion of equity. It was a $9 billion deal with $3 billion of equity. That -- I don't know if we're going to catch one that size again. If I had to guess, I'd probably say the Real Estate commitments would be down a bit from last year. Probably more deals, lower aggregate size would be my guess, although it's no more than a guess, and Private Equity is tough to tell. It will depend on the M&A cycle. And... 
Stephen Schwarzman: Also, I'd like to say Marc just to thank you for you for that, hosting us at the Goldman conference. It's always fun to come down there. And you ask good questions and it's -- it works out really well. You have a really good audience there. And so I personally enjoyed that. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Right, because we don't fully know -- I keep telling this, but we don't fully know how much assets we'll have. 
Laurence Tosi: Let me just take the first one, Bill. The adjustment are other expenses. The reason why the other expenses was up was really because this was a very busy year really for business development. And so if you back that out, our growth in core expenses is equal to the net fee-related earnings for us. It was at about 15%. So that is just out of question, and it's not impacted by the change in GSO. The change in GSO is really, we were accounting for their profit interest stake as compensation expense, so you'll see it as a drop in their compensation expense ratio. So it didn't affect earnings, it didn't affect other expenses, it just affected the compensation ratio. With respect to Harbourmaster, we disclosed the amount of the transaction, which is about USD $153 million. We do think it will be accretive in 2012 across the various measures, particularly the net fee-related earnings because it is a CLO business, so it's a fee-heavy business. 
Laurence Tosi: Sure. What typically happens is there's a couple of dynamics. Let me just specifically talk about them. There's a couple of dynamics at play. One of the things that BAAM's been focused on is diversifying their platform. In order to diversify their platform, that means there's more products that they have. So they typically will have a rise in expense ahead of deployment of the capital that they're raising. So that's relatively typical. The second piece with respect to that is, today, about 60% of the assets they have are in customized-solution-type wrappers. That's up from 40% just a few years ago. And so that takes a little bit more investment in the platform. The good news is that they've also had those very, very strong net inflows, so that'll play out over time. So I've looked at it as onetime spike. It's not impacted by the Asia advisors piece. And as far as the slight differences over time, that's just related to a reclassification of how we dealt with certain long-term incentive award shares. 
Laurence Tosi: It's in a couple of different funds. It's in -- and some of it, as Tony mentioned before, we still have about EUR 2.5 billion in our last European fund, and that's the majority of it. 
Laurence Tosi: That's right. There will be additional closings in 2012 for the latest real estate fund. That's right. 
Laurence Tosi: No. Actually, Roger -- it's LT. It actually is a timing issue. So if you look at the full year numbers, that's the right realization number. But there were some -- we made an adjustment relative to some realized performance fees in the third quarter that we'd probably realized early so we're just reversing that out. The full year number is reflective of the full year results. 
Laurence Tosi: It's flat quarter-over-quarter. So it's still a 12% change in total enterprise value it would take to get to the carry in BCP V. And the BREP funds, BREP V and VI are almost 100% of the way through their catch-up, 95% of the way through, and you will see that in the K. 
Hamilton James: Okay. it's Tony and I'll take that one, I guess. I think we're set up with $33 billion dry powder to take advantage of the opportunities right now without having to raise more funds. As we put that to work, obviously, that picture will change, but we've got plenty of money in real estate for Europe. We've got plenty of money in -- we've got a brand new mezzanine fund of $4 billion we just closed. We're in the market with capital solutions, our rescue financing fund now, debt finance and we expect to have a very significant fund raised there, anyway. And then of course, we just started a brand-new private equity fund with $16 billion. So I think we're extremely well poised to take advantage of Europe without having to fundraise, and which is good because I think we're going to have a bit of a golden moment here to be dealing with the deleveraging pressures of Europe. And frankly, the economies, we think, is going to be slow there, so it's a good time to jump in. And if we had to fundraise, that takes a year or 2. I think there's a reasonable chance people are fund raising around the opportunity will miss the opportunity. So when the added --  so I don't know, I can't really -- Matt, I can't really answer your question when the added fundraising will flow to the P&L  because I think the first thing we've got to do is put the money  with what we have. Just one note of that, in credit, in mezzanine and in the rest of the financing funds, we don't get any management fees. It's not even in our fee earning AUM until that money is invested. So even though that money's raised, as you see it invested in Europe or elsewhere, it will start to flow into both our fee earning AUM and into our management fees. 
Hamilton James: Well, obviously, if -- in the last few,  we invested $7.5 billion in real estate or thereabouts, at that pace, we'll be back very soon. And frankly, I don't think we can raise money as fast as -- fast enough to sustain that pace. We're now in the market of real estate fund. We've announced that we've closed on just over $6 billion of that. Our last real estate fund was $10 billion. We're optimistic that we can exceed that. But bear in mind, that is the largest real estate in the fund in the world by a lot. So I don't know how much more we could scale that size at this moment. But we're still fundraising for that fund, so it'll be a little while before we fully finish that fundraising, fully invest it and then get back in the market for a global fund. We do have the opportunity, I believe, to fundraise around more specific regional funds, maybe Asia or maybe Europe. And we have a -- we're now investing essentially our third European fund for all intents and purposes, and we have about, I think, we've got about half of that fund still left. Correct me if I'm wrong, my team here. 
Hamilton James: Okay. So it'll -- so as Europe plays out, we'll invest that fund, and then, hopefully, we'll be back. But again, that's not right around the corner. 
Hamilton James: The other thing I'd like to add, Michael, is there are some advantages to a global fund because you can move that capital around instantly and fluidly to wherever the opportunities are in the world by region or by sector or by type of investment. And one of the reasons we've never out losing fund, one of the reasons that we've always had top quartile returns is the ability to react to what the world gives us and not have a bunch of capital trapped into little vehicles where you have to push it into hostile markets. 
Hamilton James: Well, not really, frankly. I think Real Estate is less playing a theme of retail than playing the theme of good properties, distressed owners. And when even a good property is owned by an owner that's having financial difficulty, that owner no longer maintains the property appropriately very often, no longer can sign new leases because he doesn't have the capital required for tenant improvements and frankly, no longer can attract tenants for a very long term because most tenants don't want to lock into at least decades long and not know whether someone's going to be taking care of their building. So a lot of times, when you get troubled owners, of which there are massive amounts of CMBS that are coming due that are not going to be able to be rolled over, you also have properties underperform. So we could buy good properties. We could fix them up by putting new capital into them and putting them in strong ownership hands, and we really know how to run these properties very well. We lease them up and then we have the opportunity to -- and by the way, we are seeing very good results in leasing because even though the economy is not terribly strong, there's just no new supply out there. And as an economy, we destroy through obsolescence or one thing or another more than we're building today. So we've got a shrinking base of commercial real estate across all the asset classes. We've got growing population, and even though slow, an improving economy, and that's doing the things for the need for real estate. So we fix them up, we lease them, and then we've got what is actually quite a favorable market to sell them into because with treasury rates so low, with base rates so low, cap rates are low. So even though the spreads are above normal because investors are still risk-averse, the actual absolute cap rate on selling a fully mature, a leased-up building are very -- makes for some very attractive markets to sell into. So by being able to bridge from the distressed to the healthy and take advantage of the historically wide spread between those markets, we can create a lot of value. 
Hamilton James: The other thing, Adam, I would add is, we're spending some -- I'd say we've had a very good success with commercial credit on the commercial real estate side, and there's some interesting growth opportunities there. We've got a new team in Europe in the last year, and I think we'll be expanding that business. We're underweighted there. And we're even starting to take a hard look at residential credit, residential mortgage credit and how we might play that. And of course, that's just gargantuan in size and of course, very distressed and politically sensitive. So but there could be some interesting opportunities there we're just beginning to think about. 
Hamilton James: Well, the financing markets, the debt financing markets in the U.S. are reasonably healthy. In Europe, they're pretty much shut down, so it's quite -- there's a real dichotomy between those 2 markets. The economies -- the European economy feels like it's going into a recession, to us. The U.S. economy feel like it's growing more strongly than it has in the past. So that makes us think that we're sort of trying to be contrarian, that can make us think there could be some interesting opportunities in Europe, if you're judicious and if you're buying companies that are not economically sensitive. And it makes us think, maybe in the U.S., get some of them focused more on companies that'll participate in the growth as it develops. 
Hamilton James: Well, it's kind of the reversal of what's been happening. When the economy came down, they massively cut costs, frankly, to deal with what was a very scary environment. At this point, we have encouraged our companies to start investing for growth, and there's a lag effect there. They start spending more on new business initiatives, capital expenditures, R&D, advertising. Almost all of that is front ended as expenditures. And we hope, over time, it'll have good long-term effects on the growth rates. 
Hamilton James: Yes, and let me just add to that. There's no group in our firm that look into the future with more excitement and optimism than GSO. Just the economics of their business -- first of all, just being a provider of high-margin credit in this world is a fantastic place to be. Secondly, the way they raise money and then actually don't actually get fees and whatnot on until it's invested, the dynamics of that business are very well poised to have like a surge in profitability over the next few years, and they're looking at that, of course, is expecting some of that to get into the bonus pool. And of course, our job is to make sure that it's a little level as possible. 
Hamilton James: Dan, I hate to get into that because of its IPO. We've got some SEC restrictions and some other things. So I can say this, we've got a couple of -- we've got several IPOs that we're in the process of moving forward on at different stages. Some are quite early, we still haven't even chosen underwriters yet for some of them. But we're -- there are several in the pipeline. I think there's probably going -- you're probably going to see more activity on, that was the statement Steve was saying, on the Real Estate side than on the Private Equity side this year, though. 
Hamilton James: No. So in real estate, it's as committed. The one place it is as deployed is in our Real Estate debt strategies business. Let me just qualify that slightly, it's as committed when a fund is in its investment period. Before a fund is in investment period, it doesn't show up. So but the BREP fund that we're raising is in its investment period as we're raising it, so it becomes -- it flows in there as committed. 
Hamilton James: If I -- we're all smiling at each other here because we pretty much butchered this answer. But let me see if I -- in a typical real estate and private equity fund, when the investment period begins, you begin recognizing the fees on the amount that's been raised, and that was the case of BCP VI in the first quarter of 2011. The recent BREP fund is a little bit different than we've had in the past because while we have raised $6.1 billion to date, as Joan pointed out, because of the way that was structured, it was effectively a fee holiday during the -- for the capital that was raised in 2011. So for the $5 billion that appears in our fee-earning assets for that fund at the end of the year, those fees will begin paying for the first time in the first quarter, and there will be a catch-up. So you surmised correctly that there will be a step-up, so to speak, and that's somewhat unusual for the way we've done funds in the past. It really relates to the fact that it was a very robust investment environment, and we wanted to get capital in quickly, and we did some deals earlier than we normally would. So just one note, though, when a new fund starts coming in, what's typically happening is you're selling investments out of an old fund. And so you lose the management fees on an investment that's sold, obviously. So there's a -- it's never -- it's not as big a step-up as you might expect. 
Hamilton James: Well, they're focus this year, but they've been a focus for the past few years too. I mean, one of the main ways that we like to invest money is industry consolidations where you start with a platform company and a world-class management team. That's frankly, "too good" a management team for a company of that size and certainly, too deep and then add bolt-ons to try to create value that way as a synergistic buyer. And that continues to be a main focus of ours. 
Hamilton James: I don't know, Roger, actually. I mean, I read that the banks are going to sell $3 trillion of assets in Europe. If that's the case, in a reasonably short period of time, yes. I mean, it's a tidal wave. We haven't seen anything like that major flow yet. We are seeing European banks from all countries selling and starting to sell assets lately, but it's -- but the floodgates aren't open yet. So what might happen here is, with the ECB putting last time $0.5 trillion or maybe this time as much as $1 trillion of liquidity into the banks, you might well see some of these European banks, because they're getting a lot of very low-cost funding from the ECB, sit on the assets that are accruing higher and continue to earn their way out of some of their capital problems, and that could stretch it out a lot longer, the asset sales. So if that's the case, then, no, I don't think you'd see a depressant in the returns you could be earning by buying. We have a -- I think the returns have held up pretty well on the stuff we've seen so far. 
Hamilton James: Honestly, Roger, one thing I've learned the hard way with my own portfolio is, I'm terrible at predicting the stock market, and that it's going to totally be driven by that. 
Hamilton James: Yes. And -- but in general, though, Marc, I think we're in a part of a cycle. The economy is not great. The markets aren't great, really. I think -- I mean, we've got a lot of new funds and dry capital, as we've discussed, where you could expect that we'd be putting more money out than we'll be harvesting. We also have some new products, which we're pretty interested and excited about, which I'm not going to talk about on this call. But when you get a new product or new fund area, of course, it's all outflow, and you don't harvest any of those investments for a while. So I think, as Steve said, it's really hard to predict, and we're not just unable to do that for you guys as much as we'd like to. But I think, generally, we're still sort of net investment mode. 
Hamilton James: I'm not sure if that could be -- same could be said of all the analysts and all the firms that had been on the call today, however. 
Hamilton James: Nothing significant. And it wasn't really so much of -- I mean, again, this whole BREP thing is a bit complicated. But the first closers, got a bit of an incentive for a short period of time. So it really wasn't a fund-wide holiday. And actually, in some ways, the terms of when management fees accrue are actually more favorable because new money that comes in now actually goes all the way back to the inception date. So you shouldn't think of that as an adjustment down in fees. You should think of that as just sort of a structural quirk. 
