Jon Gray: So Glenn, that’s a really good question. By the way, I would point out another factor in the private equity challenge is just how well the sector has done. And so the appreciation has meant also that they are above their targets. But I guess I’d start with the comments from the remarks. As you heard, our fundraising momentum has never been stronger. And I guess I would point to a couple of things as to why this is the case. First off, in general, there is this continued movement into alternatives. It has not stopped. And these challenges you described are more focused, I would say, in the private equity market and amongst U.S. pension funds. I think for us, what we’ve got is this really great reservoir of goodwill from our clients because we’ve delivered performance over a long period of time. We’re also raising capital very broadly at Blackstone in real estate, in secondaries, in credit, in infrastructure, in life sciences growth, and that platform helped. We also raised capital all over the world. So not just in the U.S., in Europe, in Asia, in the Middle East, and we also raised capital not just from institutional clients but also from retail clients, insurance clients, and we have both drawdown funds and perpetual funds. And then the other point I’d make is lots of our products are really well positioned for the environment we’re going into, which would be, if you think about owning hard assets like infrastructure, real estate, owning floating rate debt, like we do in our direct lending platform, that’s really attractive. What I would really say, and this applies even in the most challenged sectors like corporate private equity and growth, the goodwill that we have from our customers is very strong. And that’s why we believe the vintages of our – both our next private equity fund and our next growth fund will be larger than the previous despite this challenging environment.
Jon Gray: So Alex, what I would say about this is the first order of business for us is to deliver maximum returns for our investors in those strategies in private equity and real estate private equity. And what’s nice about these outcomes for them is if we do it, they are able to get all cash as opposed to doing a listing and waiting a number of years to get out and the overhang issues. That’s, I think, really important. We also have done, on all of these, some level of market check. We’ve done just a handful of these because we do think that it’s really only for special long-term assets, but the process has to be handled in the right way, that’s something really important to us. What I would say is I think the interest from investors is high if it’s in the right segment. So it’s got to be something like life science offices, last-mile European logistics. So in those cases, it’s very big platforms that are hard to exit other than through the public markets. And then on the buy side, there are investments where our clients want to be invested long-term. The other positive for the existing investors is they roll over. And in these, we’ve done, the existing investors has ended up being the majority investor. So I would say it’s an opportunity but it’s selective. It’s for very large platforms that are harder to exit from and also are long-term attractive for new investors who want to deploy capital or the existing investors.
Jon Gray: That’s a big question, Mike. But let me take a shot at it. I think, as you know, we’ve been talking about inflation for a long time. We were actually talking about rising rates, even pre-COVID period. Certainly, we’ve been talking about it more for the last 15 months with concerns about inflation. And so this is something we’re really mindful of. If you think about overall investing, there are only two things that drive asset prices higher, it’s either rising cash flows or rising multiples. And in an inflationary rising rate environment, multiples tend not to go up. And so the importance of owning things where cash flow will grow is super important. And so if you look at our portfolio in the quarter, it was not a coincidence, as Steve laid out why we performed well and better than the market. In credit, we’ve really focused on floating rate debt. In real estate, 80% of our portfolio is in sectors with really good fundamentals and short-duration leases. In private equity, we’ve made big focus in areas like travel, technology, energy infrastructure that have done quite well. And in infrastructure itself, it’s been energy, transportation and digital infrastructure, hard assets with pricing power. And so to us, you have to think about how you deploy capital in this changing environment. And particularly, if you think about the retail channel, what we’re doing there, it’s very reflective of that. The two main products are really positioned to be inflation-protection products. In BREIT, what you have is logistics and rental housing representing more than 80% of the portfolio. And in BCRED, you’re 99% floating rate debt. So as the Fed raises rates, you get to reprice. So I think you have to assume that we are in a higher inflationary environment, that rates will be moving higher. But in that environment, if you can own businesses where cash flows can reset higher and outrun that inflation, you can still deliver positive performance. That’s what we’ve been doing. That’s what we will continue to do. And if you look at the big deals that we’ve done since the beginning of the year, be it the casino deal in Australia, last-mile logistics in Europe, transportation infrastructure in Europe, student housing this week in the U.S., they all fall into that bucket. We are mindful of cost, focused on good fundamentals and not owning fixed income-oriented assets or businesses without pricing power and a lot of exposure to input costs. So this is clearly, as an investment firm, top of mind for us. It has been for a while. I think that’s why we performed so well. And back to the earlier question about fundraising, when you perform well in this business, it leads to flows, which is why we always talk about performance first.
Jon Gray: Sure. So what I would say on retail is we really entered this space, as you know, much earlier than others. And having a first-mover advantage is really important. I also would say the brand, which I think is sometimes hard financially to analyze the value and power of the brand, but in a channel like this, the Blackstone brand means a lot. So what we did was design products. We’ve been selling drawdown funds into this channel for a long time. But in the last 5 years plus, we moved to these perpetual products that provided 1099s on the tax front, greater yield, greater liquidity, and we brought the cost down pretty significantly. People haven’t really focused much on that. But retail customers, generally, when they were exposed to alternatives were charged much, much higher than institutional clients. And it generally ended up with the investors taking too much risk to get over what they were charging and the outcome was poor for investors. And we really changed that, bring Blackstone quality and institutional sort of pricing to individual customers and create products that work. And what that’s led to is really great performance. In the case of the individual products we have and we’ve gotten on the shelf. And I would point out, unlike the institutional market where there can be thousands of private equity managers it’s more challenging for our distribution partners. They really want to work with two or three different products in this segment, and we expect to be on the shelf for each of these. And that is all why I think today, we’re running at about 10x our nearest competitor in terms of monthly sales. So we’re obviously operating in a different space today. We acknowledge we compete with some amazing firms. We’re sure they are going to come up with products. But if we continue to deliver given the strength of what we’ve invested in, our push globally, by the end of the year, we will have 300 dedicated people in private wealth. And the products that we can create, given the scale of our platform, I think there is more to do. We have just started with our European real estate platform. I think there are other spaces we could move into, but it all starts and ends with performance. We have to create products that work. If we do that, we can deliver for these customers. And I would just say, overall, this is an $80 trillion market that I think is 1% penetrated in alts today. It feels to us like a very large market, and we are in a unique position today to capitalize on that.
Jon Gray: The only thing I would add to that is as we raise more of those, they almost – it’s like a layering of a cake. So, you will see more and more of those institutional ones coming along in each quarter. It’s probably going to be a little trickier to model as we build more and more of these products over time. So, in the retail area, I think this is a pretty substantive change we have made that allow for BREIT to be paid quarterly.
Jon Gray: On the private equity side, what I would say is we are not ready to comment on that publicly. It’s obviously an area where investors would like more exposure, individual investors. I think the idea, if you did something would be to create something broad-based that included the whole range of sort of private equity P, E, including secondaries, more structured equity growth and having a really broad platform, I think would be helpful. But at this point, we don’t have anything to say. Hopefully, in the future over this year, we will have something to talk about.
Jon Gray: You are right. In your question, Adam, what we are seeing is LPs who want to stick with managers, but maybe over their allocation targets because of strong performance in private equity saying, I am going to sell some of my older vintage private equity funds, and we have seen an acceleration of deal flow in the secondaries market, which is why having a large fund for Vern Perry and our team in secondaries is very important. We like the space because as alternatives grow, the need for liquidity grows. And it’s a difficult business to invest in. You need a lot of knowledge, particularly once you move beyond the 10 or 20 largest funds. And so we think the dynamic for investors is quite favorable. In terms of the mix of GP/LP-led, clearly, now there are more GP-led deals than there were in the past. We expect that to continue. We have raised and are in the process of raising a small GP-led fund that will co-invest with our main secondaries private equity fund. And we think that’s an interesting area as well. And so I think it’s, again, one of the great strengths of our firm that in an environment where there may be some headwinds around private equity fundraising, it benefits another part of our firm, our secondaries business which has, again, delivered really great performance over time because of the structural inefficiencies in the market. So, this is a business unit that I think has a lot of growth potential for us.
Jon Gray: What I would say on this is we are an investment manager. And when I look at the regulatory framework, being a third-party investment manager, there is a long history of that in the insurance business. If you look at large firms like BlackRock, PIMCO, Goldman Sachs, they manage enormous amounts of capital for insurance companies. And I don’t foresee regulators requiring that they essentially make investments in order to be investment managers. So, from our standpoint, as a third-party investment manager, we think the relationship is sound. In some cases, we do have minority investments here. But we think the framework that has worked over a long time for insurance company, third-party managers, should work going forward. And so I don’t really see – and by the way, I would not envision a world, just a short answer, on us becoming balance sheet-heavy and taking on hundreds of billions of insurance liabilities. That’s not something we would be willing to do.
Jon Gray: Today, I would say it’s about 80% of our business. We have got a real estate secondaries business. We have an infrastructure secondaries business. I think both of those areas have the opportunity to grow over time. There are sectors that are tougher credit because you don’t end up having longer duration vintages. But you could see in areas like growth, more of this continuation activity grow over time. But the main event today is primarily in private equity, and I don’t really envision that changing. But these other areas will grow, I think as well as those markets grow.
Jon Gray: And the second question was on pricing pressure. I would say the short answer is, particularly on our established products, no, we don’t. Where we have gotten to, how we are delivering for financial advisors and their clients is greatly valued. It’s possible over time in newer products, there will be a little more competition. But I think this again is the power of the Blackstone brand, something that I think I would just emphasize is underestimated. And it allows us to do things to be a capital-light manager and insurance to access the retail channel in a very cost-efficient way. The fact that the world wants to invest with Blackstone products is very helpful for us. And I think it’s a powerful reason why you see us growing at this very rapid rate.
Jon Gray: So, we have grown our direct lending capabilities quite a bit in the last couple of years as BCRED has grown. We also have BXSL, a public BDC that has – is a source of capital. We have certainly moved beyond middle market. I think in the quarter, we committed as part of groups to seven deals that were $1 billion or more direct lending. The greatest area for strength for us is in some of the good neighborhoods, we really like some of the faster-growing technology companies who have a lot of enterprise value, but maybe not as much trailing EBITDA. And so we can use our capabilities of underwriting companies and get comfortable lending given the strength of an enterprise software business. I also think the current market plays well to direct lending platforms. When markets become more volatile, financial institutions who are really important, but because they are in the moving business, they need to give the borrowers off and say, “Hey, look, I need a lot of flex pricing because I don’t know where the market is today.” As a direct lender, you can offer certainty to a borrower. And in an environment like that, it becomes really important. So, I do think you will see us continue to write larger and larger checks. And I think BCRED offer something very valuable to the borrowers and something very compelling to the investors, which is why we think this momentum will continue.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Craig, and nice to hear from you in your new spot. I think the headline here, Craig, is notwithstanding the backdrop, which is dynamic, the structural and fundamental upward trajectory we’re on as it relates to FRE just continues to be robust. And I’d sort of step back and say looking forward, this year and the years beyond, we’re really looking at sort of a one-two punch in a good way. And that is the continued scaling of perpetual capital strategies; and second, the cycle of flagship fundraising, the $150 billion across 18 strategies that Jon referenced. So if you take those sort of one at a time. In perpetual capital which is really in 2022, kind of the main event on FRE growth. In the first quarter, and we mentioned this in different ways, we had almost $300 billion of fee-earning AUM in perpetual capital. That’s up 124% year-over-year. And in that, BREIT, BPP, infrastructure, BCRED area, those four sort of flagship funds almost double year-over-year. And we will also have the full year effect of the insurance partnerships that we entered into in Q4 for the full year. So what you have right now, let’s call it a doubling of that base of fee-earning AUM in perpetual, we expect that to continue to scale as we add platforms as we obviously fund raise continuously in many of these areas and with appreciation and income. And so that is a really significant story for this year and beyond. Second, on the drawdown side, as Jon mentioned, as we mentioned, that flagship fundraising cycle over the next 12 to 18 months, which in aggregate, that $150 billion, which we’ve expressed great confidence in achieving. That will be, as we said, I think, last quarter, about 25% larger than the predecessor funds before them. So that, from a timing standpoint, between fee holidays, the pace of fundraising and when we actually like the funds and start investing them, as you know, that’s not so much a 2022 event as a 2023 and ‘24 event, but that is coming. That is structural. So those two things are really powerful, really powerful one-two punch, I would call it, but the punches sort of repeat themselves. They are not one-time events. And even though in any given quarter, some subsection of FRE, as we all know, is mathematically affected by NAV, in some cases, and fundraising in a given quarter. The underlying trajectory and the fundamentals are very, very positive.
Michael Chae: Brian, on the first part, the $160 billion actually referred only to those four sort of flagship products, BREIT, BPP, BIP and BCRED, perpetual capital overall, as we mentioned, $330 billion of AUM. BREIT and BCRED and some other direct lending products are sort of the main ones with a quarterly crystallization now. And that’s obviously where the biggest growth trajectory has been. Funds like BPP and BIP maintain sort of those every 3-year to 5-year anniversaries around the crystallization.
Michael Chae: Yes. And I would say this move is just stepping back, a big positive, and I think will make us less tricky to model around this important area.
Michael Chae: Yes. Rob, first on the BREIT change and really asking about mechanics, I mean overall, it’s the same terms as we have started with from inception, the same annual hurdle rate. It’s just now just calculated still annually, but crystallized quarterly. So – and from a mechanical standpoint, in the sort of unlikely or uncommon event that on an intra-year basis, performance fees that are crystallized quarterly, but not ultimately earned against the annual calculations. Then the – that initial crystallation map will be recouped by investors through an offset to future performance fees with a long period of time to do that. So – but the bottom line is from a sort of economic standpoint and a preferred return standpoint, same terms as before on an annual basis.
Michael Chae: Yes. I think on individual deals, Rob, we stay away from that. Obviously, should both deals happen, the – on day one, the NAV will reflect the equity invested by our LPs and our funds in both those deals and as perpetual capital will add to the fee-earning AUM.
Michael Chae: And I would just add – it’s Michael, I would add on to that further and stepping back. We feel even better about our third-party asset-light approach to the insurance opportunity than ever. And I would say, including in the context of appropriate regulatory focus on this area. And we have arm’s length arrangements, contracts with very large sophisticated great partners in this area. And in the industry overall, what you are seeing increasingly in life and annuities is a recognition that the asset management capability part of the equation is essential to having – to being competitive in the marketplace day-to-day. So, in that context, in that environment, we feel like we are a terrific competitor, a great solution provider for these clients.
Michael Chae: Yes, Bill, the short answer on your first question, we don’t see any shift in that in relation to this quarterly change.
Michael Chae: Yes. Rufus, I think you really have to think about it holistically. And the margins we show in our businesses are reflected and “burdened” by the investment, the substantial investment we have made over the years in our PWS distribution capabilities. And so it is overall a very much profitable, healthy margin endeavor. And I think the overall – I think when you look holistically at the trajectory of the margin to the firm, which are up 1,000 basis points over the last 6 years or 7 years, a big driver of that is this effort.
