Jon Gray: It’s a really important question. I think the key thing, Craig, is the expansion of the platform we keep talking about. What’s interesting, if you look in the fourth quarter, half the money we deployed was in strategies that didn’t exist five years ago. So it was BREIT, BCRED and our infrastructure business; two retail, one institutional, all perpetual. And those platforms, as you know, tend to have, I’d describe as maybe simpler products that are repeatable and scalable, which is different than what we do opportunistically. Fortunately, our returns, as you know, in private equity – real estate, private equity in those areas have been extraordinary. But these platforms allow us to deploy significant amounts of capital. And we own assets for long periods of time, particularly in the equity-oriented funds. And so when we buy, for instance, a ports business or a data center business or an apartment platform, we can deploy capital through the existing portfolio companies, which is different than in typical drawdown buy it, fix it, sell it model. So scale here and the nature of the capital is allowing us to deploy more capital. There’s also just the breadth of the private markets, what we’re seeing. Secondaries had a record deployment quarter, and that’s not a surprise because we talked about it last quarter. Many institutions have seen extraordinary performance from their private equity pools and some are looking to make new allocations, but they’re selling older funds, and that’s led to huge deal volume there. And then I would say, at our scale, there is this really interesting network effect that we talked about the last couple of weeks in our management committee. And we’re now – because we have so many different types of capital, so many different parts of the capital structure, geography, we’re a full-service solution provider to anybody who needs capital. It could be controlled private equity, it could be a minority stake, it could be structured equity in Tac Opps, it could be credit. Obviously, it runs across the gamut. And so that, again, is giving us more power. So it’s the whole combination. It’s sort of this flywheel that’s been created here. It’s the intellectual capital we’ve built up where we have great expertise in markets. It’s the fact for so many counterparties, we become a one-stop solution. Using real estate as an example. We may engage with somebody on something that starts as equity, and then they decide to actually want to borrow money. We have our real estate debt business. So there’s something really powerful that’s happening here at our scale, and the way we work together is helping that. So our optimism of deploying capital is high. And obviously, if markets dislocate in that regard, it’s helpful also.
Jon Gray: Well, right now, we’re not hearing any change. We talk to our institutional and retail customers every day. In fact, I try to talk to a CEO at least one or two every day because it’s important to stay close to your customers. And to put things in context, of course, the S&P despite the trade-off, total return is up nearly 40% in two years. And also, I would say what’s interesting is, remember, our clients, institutional and retail clients, have large exposure to fixed income. So many of them are thinking about, how can I change that? Think about our private credit business, which is so well positioned with direct lending. We’re the leading player in leveraged loans and CLOs. So clients are thinking about those things. I think, I would also just point to the fact that alternatives have consistently delivered for customers, and that’s built up a lot of loyalty over time. This year – 2021, of course, was no exception. It was our best year for appreciation. And so I would say our clients tend to take a longer-term view. Obviously, if markets trade off a lot, that can have an impact. But if you remember back in 2020, despite not being able to visit with our clients, despite all the turmoil, we still had a very good year raising capital. And so I just think we’ve gotten to a place, as you hear from us. You listen to that list of 17 drawdown funds, you think about all the different perpetual vehicles, think about all the different channels, this has really changed fundamentally as a business. We’re just raising capital from many different sources. And I think for individual investors, as context, that’s an $80 trillion market that today is probably, I don’t know, 1% to 2% allocated to retail. And when you look at our products in those particular areas, focus on the larger ones now, BREIT and BCRED, those products are actually quite well targeted for a higher-growth, higher-inflationary environment. Steve talked about ownership in BREIT of the kind of assets. BREIT’s more than 80% logistics and rental housing, the kind of assets – the hard assets you want to own in a rising rate environment. BCRED is all floating rate debt. So as the Fed raises rates, it benefits from that. And of course, the performance of those products has been remarkable. And so yes, is it possible as markets trade off a lot, you’ll see some slowdown. But I would say overall, on the ground today, we’re continuing to see very positive momentum, and our outlook is quite good given where we sit.
Jon Gray: Yes. We talk a lot about megatrends in good neighborhoods, and people often associate it just with maybe technology or life sciences, clean energy. But one of the great neighborhoods is alternatives. Alternatives today are a $10 trillion industry, which sounds big, except they’re basically equal in size to five technology companies on the West Coast of the United States, and they compare to $250 trillion of stocks and bonds that are out there. And so the industry, as you know, has been growing at double-digit rates for a long time. It feels like, certainly based on our results, that’s accelerating. And yet at the same time, liquidity for those who want to exit early from funds is pretty limited. And so there’s a very small percentage of outstanding NAV that trades every year. Today, it’s between 1% and 2%. And so what’s happening is you have an asset class that’s growing very large and liquidity that was already too small for the existing asset class, and that’s creating a huge tailwind. So what’s interesting in our secondaries fund, not only did we realize the most, we also deployed the most capital because investors are trying to free up capacity. So, we see this as a market that is going to continue to scale. We’re not surprised investors are responding. What they’ve responded to – Vern Perry and the team have delivered outstanding returns to customers, 16 net for a very long time, even higher in the most recent vintages. So it’s a market we like a lot. There seems to be some structural inefficiency because of the lack of liquidity, and it’s growing fast. So this is another area of Blackstone that I think has a lot of potential relative to where it sits today.
Jon Gray: Great. So what I would say on BREIT, back to the earlier comments, is the fund has been really well positioned by our real estate team. The leadership of our real estate group, Ken Caplan, Kathleen McCarthy, Nadeem Meghji who runs our U.S. business, they’ve set up this product now with more than 80% in rental housing and logistics. And yes, those asset classes are performing extraordinarily well. We said it – Steve said it in his remarks, the rents are growing two times to three times the rate of inflation. And not only are the market rents growing, in many cases, the rents, of course, in place are well below the market rents. And because we’re in this inflationary environment and there are supply chain challenges, it’s hard for new supply to respond as quickly as one would expect. In fact, in logistics, we think in some markets between landing cost – replacement cost has gone up close to double. I’d say aggregately in the asset classes we like, it’s probably up more than 30% in the last couple of years. So owning these kind of short-duration, hard assets with pricing power is very positive. That being said, I wouldn’t want to say we’re going to produce the same kind of extraordinary performance that happened in 2021 because that was really special. And there will be some headwinds from rising rates on values. But overall, we feel very confident about the BREIT portfolio and continuing to deliver for shareholders in the kind of environment we face today.
Jon Gray: So, what I’d say on that is that the technical, I think, change they announced yesterday that they’re seeking comment on is mostly around systemic risk and reporting systemic risk. So, I applied to a range of industries, private equity, hedge funds and others. I think for us, what we focus on is the fact that we’ve done such a good job for customers for such a long period of time, that we’ve delivered solid returns. You obviously see that in our public financials. Our investors get even more detail. And that to us is really important. And the second factor that I think is very important is, we’re always striving. It’s been something very important to Steve since the day I joined this firm 30 years ago, and even going back longer for him, operating at the highest levels of integrity, transparency and disclosures that, that is a core value of this firm. And thus, whatever comes out from a regulatory environment what we will adapt, and we will, of course, comply and that’s just the way we run our business. So, we understand that we’re in an environment of heightened scrutiny, and we will obviously respond to it in the right way.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Mike. I think the response from investors to this kind of environment as it relates to their fixed income portfolio is they’re going to be looking for ways to maintain yield, but not take duration risk. And so the problem is if they go into long-term corporate or government fixed income, they may get some yield. Today, it’s still small. Maybe it goes up. But if rates continue to move, if inflation stays high, they have risk of capital impairment. And so the idea of trading some liquidity for a yield-oriented product, where yield actually grows with rising interest rates, I think, becomes increasingly attractive. And that bodes, I think, very well for our credit products. And we have obviously – we have our non-traded BDC, BCRED. We also have a public BDC, Blackstone Secured Lending Trust. So, I think both of these are well positioned in this kind of environment. More broadly in retail, what I would say is, you’re not going to be surprised that this place is focused on innovation and growth. We have gotten to a place in the retail market that is very differentiated. The fact that we’ve been at this for more than a decade, that we’ve got several hundred people already dedicated to private wealth under Joan Solotar. We should be the 300 people by the end of the year, that we’ve created products, not just our traditional drawdown, but these perpetual vehicles that meet customer needs that have taken, I think, a much more investor-friendly approach on fees and also have delivered Blackstone best-in-class focus on returns has really made a difference. And we’ve started – Steve talked about shelf space. We’ve got really unique shelf space in these platforms, relationships with the distributors, the financial institutions, with the financial advisors and with the underlying customers. And so because of the confidence we’ve built, that enables us to offer other products like a really great consumer brand company. And so we’re working on a number of things. Some are geographic in nature. Use BPIF as an example. That is the European version of BREIT. It’s just started. Nobody’s talking much about it. It’s now at $700 million. It’s on a couple of platforms. It will grow over time. And we’re looking at different areas. We’re not ready to talk about those, but I could just say that don’t be surprised if you see other introductions into this area as we try to meet client needs and try to create products that often offer yield, and they offer an element of liquidity that you can’t see in traditional alternative drawdown products. And customers are responding in a positive way. So, we see this area as having very significant potential.
Jon Gray: Well, we’ve been really thematic, Brian, in where we deploy capital. And so yes, technology has grown as a greater percentage of the mix. But it hasn’t just been a technology story, and that area has served us really well. It’s one of the reasons when you look at our returns in our private equity flagship – corporate private equity area, we’ve seen such great returns, but it’s also other thematic areas. We’ve been doing a bunch around sustainability in terms of investing in software and other businesses that provide support to the green energy transition that’s underway. We’ve been deploying capital in the housing supply and construction chain in a very meaningful way. We have a large company in Europe that’s done quite well. We’ve been focused on leisure and all forms of travel. And we’ve done this in real estate, but also in private equity. We closed on a sizable transaction with a company called VFS, that processes Visas for people from developing markets to visit developed markets. And what we’re anticipating, of course, there thematically is a big recovery of travel as we come out of COVID. And so the good news is we haven’t been really big into industrials and areas where exposure to rising input costs, labor and materials, can really squeeze margin. We’ve tried to focus on businesses with secular tailwinds where we have pricing power. And that’s why we feel quite good about the positioning of our private equity portfolio even as we move into this bit of a different environment.
Jon Gray: So, I think it’s a little early. As I commented earlier, the real estate market, certainly not. I think in private equity, there was just such a surge at the end of last year. Some of that people thought in anticipation of tax changes, there were probably more sellers. I think if the economy stays healthy, we’ll still see decent transaction volume. I do think in the technology and growth areas, as the public markets had a more dramatic reset that there, it may take a little bit more time to adjust the private market to the public market pricing. I think that bodes very well for our growth equity business that’s positioned well. I would say the good news is from our teams on the ground, seeing stocks off materially has definitely engaged more conversations with us and companies out there. So sometimes, this seed planning takes a little bit of time. But my expectation is there should be a decent year for deal volume. We may see a little bit of a slowdown on the corporate side here as people readjust, but then I would expect at some point, it would probably pick back up.
Jon Gray: Yes. Look, I think the question on tech is really important in some of these faster-growing industries. And I’d make a couple of comments. We tend to focus on companies that have positive cash flow and make money, particularly in private equity when we invest in tech, and it’s often tech services businesses. Even in our growth equity business, we focus on companies that either make money or have high gross margins. And the companies that are facing the greatest pressure today are those that are more speculative in nature that have to keep raising capital over time and where the increase in discount rate impacts value. So where we focus, I think, is really important. I would also point out that even in some of our tech companies we’ve taken public as they’ve traded off, we still have very significant embedded gains given where we bought these businesses. And when you look at the performance of our more tech-oriented investments, in the fourth quarter, revenues in our tech companies in private equity were up 20% and in growth up 40%. And that’s not a surprise because even though there’s been a pullback in markets, there are big secular trends that are still underway. All of us are getting more Amazon boxes to our home. E-commerce is growing 15%, 20%. Cloud migration continues to accelerate. I was talking to our Head of Technology, John Stecher, yesterday, who estimates our portfolio companies are spending 15% to 20% more on technology this year. That is an awful big number. Consumers – education’s moving online. When you talk about schools, what’s happening, we’ve made a big push into edtech. They’ve gone from spending 5% to 7% more on software and digital today to 15%-plus. Digital infrastructure, of course, benefiting because you need data centers and towers. And so there is secular growth in these areas. Yes, some of these stocks certainly got to levels that didn’t make sense. We’ve now seen a pullback. But I wouldn’t now say, therefore, technology, technology services, content creation, this stuff doesn’t make sense to invest in. We think it could lead to more opportunities and more rational pricing. And we really like the portfolio of businesses we’re invested in.
Jon Gray: Yes. Europe is, I think, an area of real opportunity for us over time, but I do want to acknowledge that it’s more challenging in the sense almost every EU country has its own regulations about private wealth. They are not all synchronized. Obviously, there are different languages as well. And you have much less consolidation generally amongst distributors, wealth managers. And so the amount of boots on the ground you need to distribute this, and the legal work you need to do is significant. The good news is we’ve got some terrifically talented people leading that effort for us in Europe, and we have been committing significant resources to this. And we will continue to move. And I think this is another market where we could have a meaningful first-mover advantage where the strength of the brand really matters, the products really matter. We have distributed with some of the global firms, our BREIT product, our BCRED products, but now having more targeted products in Europe, in Euros will make a difference. But I wouldn’t expect it to move as quickly just because it requires a lot of effort country by country. But we are, as Steve likes to say, a persistent bunch. So this is something we’re really focused on.
Jon Gray: So that is something you might imagine we spend a lot of time talking about. Because the most important thing as we grow is to maintain our culture, attracting great talent, making sure they have a wonderful experience here, the best people want to come, that we continue to be a meritocracy, and also making sure we maintain our investment discipline. We never want to be a franchise business. We still have centralized investment control. We’ve got to make sure we maintain process and discipline as we grow because that’s the way investment managers get into trouble. So what are we doing in this regard? I would say there’s a multitude of things. Obviously, it’s a bottom-up – we’ve been expanding our analyst class meaningfully, but also our training and onboarding, something Steve has been really focused on, we put a lot of effort on to make sure we have people as integrated as possible. We’ve been doing more in the way of lateral hiring. We’ve hired a number of senior leaders to lead new initiatives or to move into existing businesses, something in the past we hadn’t done as much of, but given our rate of growth, we need to do that. And then we stay highly integrated, management committee, operating committee. Every Monday morning, we do our BX TV. You might have seen our holiday video that made fun of us about it. We are focused on keeping this firm connected. And then the investment committees are still run out of New York, centralized, different investment committees for different groups but a number of people who are similar, including folks on this call, on a multiple of these investment committees. And so we’re thinking about our process, how to streamline it in certain ways, but maintain the same investment discipline that we’ve always had over time. And the great news is we’ve had a lot of continuity with people here, and we’re also attracting all this wonderful talent. So the number we talk about, 29,000 young people last year applying for 120 jobs. That’s an incredible number. And I’m happy when I applied way back when that wasn’t the number. But it’s really important to maintain, control and discipline as we have these really tremendous levels of growth.
Michael Chae: And Glenn, I’d just – this is Michael. I’d just add to that, that particularly in private equity, yes, these are businesses with great secular tailwinds that grew in the fourth quarter in the order of 20% top line, but they’re highly profitable. They’re at scale. And we – importantly, we bought them at reasonable prices. We’re still value investors since we bought them at reasonable prices and multiples of things like EBIT that you rarely – the metric you really hear about in this space and cash flows. And as always, with all investments for 35 years, we underwrote them to long-term exit multiples that assume normalization of rates and multiples and so forth. So – and as a result, we feel we have significant embedded gain in the portfolio overall, notwithstanding fluctuations in markets.
Michael Chae: No. I think – well, first of all, you have to look, obviously, the difference between gross and net. And so when you see the NAPR receivable that we disclose every quarter, that’s obviously on a net basis. And what you see on consolidated and by segment basis in our 8-K, when that becomes realized revenues, is gross revenues, and so with the cost and comp against that in the overall fee-related compensation line. So you can see it coming on a net basis in the prior quarter. There was also an incentive fee in the fourth quarter from infrastructure that you would have also seen on the receivable in the prior quarter. But then add to that, of course, in the fourth quarter, you also get the benefit of the further appreciation and inflows and growth in asset base. So it’s there. We’re cognizant that over time and confident that over time, for a number of different factors, the visibility and sort of predictability of this, I think, will only be enhanced over time even as it scales and grows.
Michael Chae: Right, Chris. So as I mentioned in my remarks and then just now to your – the first part of your question, that was the incentive fee from infrastructure – from our infrastructure fund. And that is in that category along with the BPP funds that has periodic but recurring incentive fee events, typically three years from the – three year anniversary of the investor inflows or in some cases five years, but principally three years. In the case of infrastructure, three years. And I’d just say, overall, in terms of this area, as I mentioned, you saw NAV growth ingest BREIT and BCRED of triple in the year. So $21 billion between those two strategies went to $67 billion entering this year. We had inflows on January 1 between the two strategies of $4 billion. And obviously, as we’ve talked about, we feel great about the positioning of the portfolios and the further appreciation. So you combine those three factors, and notwithstanding that we have a tougher compare relative to that terrific BREIT return, we feel really good about the growing fee base and the outlook ahead.
