Jonathan Gray: Yes. Sure. I’d say, Bill, we haven’t obviously gone out because we weren’t ineligible for any indices as a publicly traded partnership. So we haven't had dialogue directly for some time on this topic, but we do look forward. As Michael noted in his remarks MSCI studied this pretty carefully and concluded that it was okay to leave dual class shares in their indices. We think that’s the right conclusion because when you look at performance and we’ve studied this in the S&P 500 over the last 10 years the companies with dual class shares have doubled the performance of the overall index, and in many cases they are founder led companies. So you have companies like Brookshire and Google and Nike and those founders and what they've done to drive those businesses had led to great creation of shareholder value. So, we're hopeful that the index managers will be open to this dialogue. As we’ve noted a number of indices will include us and that should happen when we convert here in the next couple of months. But over time we’d love to convince folks that this is the right way to give shareholders access to great companies like Blackstone.
Jonathan Gray: I just like to jump in. Mike, the key thing about our business, it’s better than any other corporation out there, we don't need capital to grow. We can grow at high double digits without having to reinvest in fixed plant and equipment as so many other businesses need. It’s one of the great things about Blackstone.
Jonathan Gray: So, it’s very good question. We, I think like many others recognize as increasingly in private sector we've gone from defined benefits to defined contributions. Individual investors don't have access to the returns we generate in private markets. And so, if you think about a young person in their early 20s contributing to a 401(k) and yet the requirement today is for daily liquidity, it’s really a regulatory requirement that has made it very difficult to give our products to the retail world and the 401(k) retirement world. It's not super logical that they shouldn't have some portion of their portfolio available for alternatives. We have been working sort of in Washington talking to various folks, we and others in the industry about the idea of opening up the retirement community. Tony specifically spent some time on this as well. John Finley our General Counsel, Wayne Berman on Government Relations. We think that this is an area where it makes a lot of sense for these long-term pools of capital for individual investors to have access to alternatives. And our suspicion is over time these markets will open up. I think regulators rightly will want to make sure that the folks who do this are highly experienced that the fees that are charged are reasonable. There have been abuses in the past with alternative products in retail hands. And so, we think a collaborative approach with regulators could lead to a very good outcome for individual investors in their retirement accounts and obviously, for money managers like us.
Jonathan Gray: I would like to point out the statistics, Rob. The average 401(k) returns 3% to 4%. The average pension return 7% to 8%. The big difference is this pension plans allocate to alternatives.
Jonathan Gray: Yes. I think, Alex, it sounds like you more or less got your finger on it. Under our current partnerships structure we estimate our effective tax rate on DE per common would have been in the range of around 11% to 13% going forward. As a corporation we expect that to be at or maybe just above a high end of that range on average over the next five years and longer term we expect the rate to trends to the low 20s. And so within the next five years which we’re getting at as per in terms of the shape of that it obviously depends on the activity and income mix in terms of what we sell and when we sell it. We expect pretty negligible change in the next few years relative to the current rate, while in the latter part of the five years we should begin to trend towards that longer-term rate.
Jonathan Gray: Sure. I guess, I’ll say a few things. The challenge today in investing is opportunistically in the United States is a reflection of the fact that there is not a lot of distress and prices are relatively fallen. So, on that point it is not an environment where we sort of backup the truck and buy everything, let's say it was back in seven or eight years ago. That being said, what I would differ on is the way we’d run the business, it is not generally been small deals. It’s been the scale business. If you went back to the pre-crisis era the way we were able to really dodge some of the big challenges. We did two very large deals in the EOP and Hilton, which we ended up making more than $20 billion on when most investments and real estate of that vintage turned out to be substantial losses. And we’ve continued on that in housing, in RG, real estate deals. So, I think the business model is very much staying same. I think at some point here the opportunities, remember we get this capital for a long period of time. So if there’s not a lot to do, we can sort of leave the bat on our shoulder, but then what happens is the U.S. economy here with potentially U.S., China trade result with fed on hold we could see potentially re-acceleration rates could move back a bit, stocks could trade down, that would create a new investable universe for us. Things tend to change to over time. In addition beyond the U.S. of course, our global fund participates along with our Europe and Asia funds around the world where actually there’s a bit of a better opportunistic real estate investing environment. So the scale of what we do, the time, the patients and our ability to look across the universe to all different asset class give us a lot of flexibility and I have a lot of confidence in our real estate team and what we see out there. So, overall it’s certainly a tougher environment to invest, but I fee very good, that will continue to do a great job for investors as we’ve done for 30 years.
Jonathan Gray: What’s interesting in private equity is, if you look at the data and you went back to say 2006, now 13 years ago and the number of large buyout funds call it $15 billion or more. I think that number is unchanged. And yet during that time the global market cap is more than doubled. So what we've seen is lots of capital moving to the middle market private equity area and a lot less capital move into these larger transactions. And so, we think having the ability to have big scale capital and do larger transactions like Refinitiv and a number the corporate carve-outs we’ve done and things we’re looking at, we think that's a big competitive advantage. And again it's a large world. We invest not only the U.S. but in Europe and Asia both places we've been quite active and we continue to see a pretty good pipeline of deals. I mean in the first quarter large transactions with ultimate soft where with Scout24 both companies that we think are terrific and having the ability to write large checks, billion dollar plus $2 billion checks really makes a difference. So, we like the large end of the market and we certainly don't feel like we have too much capital, but as Steve commented on publicly on some of this TV appearances earlier, we cap our funds. We’re very mindful of not having too much capital. And so if you look at our funds, go back to the real estate comment earlier or here in private equity, our funds have been growing 20%, 30%, but that's of course five or six years from the previous fund. So if you look at that on an annual basis we've actually been pretty modest in how much we've allowed the funds to grow. The growth of the firm has been the expansion of our capabilities by product type in geographically. And the firm sits at a really unique spot today, which is almost everything we move into. If we have a team there's a compelling market opportunity. We go see our investors they will give us capital. And we’re really the governors of how much capital we’ll take for strategy and we really focus on long-term delivering returns. If we don't do a good job, if we take excess money, if we deploy the capital in the wrong way that's how we damage this franchise, and our focus, number one focus our investment committee process everything we do it on delivering great returns to investors.
Jonathan Gray: Yes. I think it's a little early on growth equity and life sciences. What I can say is Clarus’ earlier vintage fund was $1 billion, I think we’re pretty confident that it will be multiples of that given the scale of the opportunity we see in that marketplace and the team they've got there and they had really been constrained not by opportunities but by access to capital and becoming part of Blackstone. I think will help them write much larger checks, because we’ll be able to raise capital and some of the deal flow has picked up a bit. So I think in both of these areas there’s an opportunity to grow. Certainly, early funds is a certain size, but even much larger over time.
Michael Chae: Bill, I mean – sorry, what I’ll take Craig overall, thanks for the question is, we don't have plans to change either our dividend policy or our zero dilution repurchase program at this point which together we think of made for a very shareholder friendly capital return policy. As you know our business model is such that we can grow as we have had and will do at very high rates without essentially requiring much capital which is pretty extraordinary. And our capital return policy reflects and takes advantage of that to a great benefit for our shareholders. So, as you note, obviously conversion enables a qualified dividend treatment that creates even more flexibility, but we’re going to maintain the approach. And on repurchases, as I said we’re committed to zero dilution. There is always we are as open to the possibility at times to be opportunistic and we will certainly reserve that right and look at it through the lens of creating long-term shared shareholder value for our investors.
Michael Chae: Ken, you’re referring to a blocker, I mentioned in my remarks, it's a asset step-up in tax basis, so a different term of art [ph]. In terms of the cash versus reporting taxes those will be aligned and that's a factor I also mentioned the evolution of our earnings mix which will continue as we talked about in Investor Day towards FRE within the -- which already currently as you know is largely taxed at corporate rate. So those are I think couple perspectives on your first question. And as per your second question that's not a driver. The effective tax rates and the dilution, the dilution I alluded to are on the common. Those referred to DE per common dilution numbers. Q - Ken Worthington Okay, great. Thank you.
Michael Chae: Sure, Michael. As you point out the portfolio is performing, we’re pleased with that as you saw in the investment performance. As I mentioned in my remarks the first quarter obviously saw the impact of the significant market dislocation of the fourth quarter. Its still early in this quarter and in the year, but the markets and market conditions have obviously material improved as prices have recovered and some measure that are replenish the net accrued performance revenue balance in really significant way that 10% quarter-over-quarter growth in the first quarter was actually the largest sequential increase we’ve had since the second quarter of 2014 both on a dollars and percentage increase basis. And you alluded to this. Our public portfolio between appreciation and new IPO activity, our liquid public holdings are up about 25% in size today versus the beginning of the year. So, the value in the ground continues to grow, the pipeline’s rebuilding. We have some substantial things sort of in motion in the hopper. Those will play out according to their own timetables. But we feel good about our position as we go forward through the year.
Michael Chae: And then on the employee side, investment side, non-investment side no change in any competition policy.
Michael Chae: Patrick, I might say that it probably won't be 1 million little investors picking Blackstone private equity or Blackstone real estate. You'll probably see this come in the form that our alternative products to be included in target date funds. So an investor will pick a target date fund which will be relatively more allocated towards capital gain products in the early stage of the fund and as he gets near or she gets near retirement become more income orient. So it'll probably be embedded in other products as a start.
Michael Chae: Hey, Bill, welcome back. On the first part obviously the gap today that you see between AUM, fee-paying AUM growth is are these large funds we’ve raised that are yet to be lit up. So as you see BCP fund, the BREP Global fund, BREP Europe, et cetera light up as I mentioned in the course of the second half of the year into early next year, you'll see those aligned. There’ll obviously be other things going on that may lead to diversions or conversions, but that's really the big drivers. You need to wait for those things to happen.
Michael Chae: Hey Brian. So, the better than $70 that I mentioned was – as I said really a reaffirmation of same target that we articulated on Investor Day last September and with the passage of six or seven months and the fundraising progress, our message is, our confidence is even higher and our visibility is higher. So that takes into account the views on fundraising, where we see the rest of our business including life sciences going. But obviously we can -- visibility and even greater way just placed on things that are more or less in the bag like the fundraising that’s already occurred.
Michael Chae: So, Devin, I think it’s pretty simple for us. We manage for the long term and this is definitely the right long-term decision for our shareholders in our view and its one that stands up in different scenarios political and otherwise. Even at higher corporate rates that are talked about or have been contemplated in and obviously that requires a particular political scenario to happen or not happen, still the right decision. And so let’s say, at a 25% to 28% range of corporate rates versus the current 21, the additional dilution certainly over the medium term its only about 1% or 2% per year versus what we said. And in that scenario not to get too far ahead of ourselves, lot of people would say, higher individual taxes are likely to accompany higher corporate rates which cuts the opposite way and could in fact offset the dilutive impact on an after-tax basis at the shareholder level for say U.S. taxable shareholders. So -- but the bottom line is we feel great about this and we’re committed to this decision.
Stephen Schwarzman: We've obviously made some significant changes as you guys noted over the last year in terms of moving to a share buyback program simplifying the financials and obviously the big announcement today on the C-Corp conversion. We're very focused on delivering for shareholders as Michael noted. And what we've seen from our investors is they like these healthy dividends and we think the market particularly in this more liquid form of C-Corp. will react positively. Obviously over time if things are not positively received we can evaluate, but we really like this. We think shareholders like the idea that we’re big returners of capital, and we payout healthy dividends.
Stephen Schwarzman: Sure. China is going to be opening a variety of areas in finance. Though the banks, insurance companies and also brokerage area and they’ll first go to a majority permitted by foreigners and then they’ll able, after few years to take a 100%. And so, obviously they have existing regulations so that there should be some modification of those. And this is an area where I think Chinese would be very cautious in terms of quality of companies that they green light and I think this is an area of long-term interest for any firm such as ours particular areas where China has lot of assets like real estate, the big source of where they put their savings, stock markets must show us importance in China as you know and the people save and they invest in real estate as their primary drivers. We happened to be unusually capable in that area compared to competitors around the world and longer longer-term business and this is something along with our other business lines that I think we would be interested in. This is all about like now people are negotiating some of these elements. It’s an area where the Chinese want to have much more engagement with the outside world and so things hopefully will line up at some future time. We’re not involved in any negotiations at the moment with them, but things are going to change. So I think after the agreement which everybody anticipates will be done within the next six weeks or so, could be the wrong time and could be another week or two either way, but that's the current thinking of where things should shake out.
Stephen Schwarzman: Sure, Brian, on the first one, I think it might inverted from your question which is from a dilution standpoint from conversion the more performance fees there are, the more the margin dilution there would be. And the lower the level performance fees, the less dilution, because obviously the biggest change in terms of tax rate will be on -- and C-Corp. will be on the performance fees.
Stephen Schwarzman: I think it's too early to say. Obviously regulators are going to have to decide. I’m sure there’ll be a long-term process here to go through. It's hard to say how quickly this will happen. What the process will be. I just think back to Tony's earlier comment is there is a big differential between what pension funds have been able to achieve and what individuals have been able to achieve in their 401(k)s and regulators see that. So I think there’ll be a lot of discussion and focus. The way forward you know I think that's hard to predict. I don't know if you want to put some… on that.
Stephen Schwarzman: And I do think, I would just say generally when you look at the long-term positives in our business, Steve touched on the China retail opportunity. Here we just talked about retirement savings. We’ve talked in the past about insurance. There are number of large markets where we see a lot of white space to go.
