Jon Gray: Glenn, I think, it's a good question. I think the answer is not one size fits all. I think what we will see is more activity on the private credit insurance side because there because of the tightness in the banking system, I think, deployment there should accelerate. In our secondaries business, we've begun to see transaction activity pick up. In fact, in the first quarter, that was up. I think, the highest level since the fourth quarter of '21. So we are seeing some folks who are looking for liquidity to get below sort of their target allocation levels. I do think for private equity, real estate private equity, those things take a little bit of time. There tends to be a need for a little more sort of confidence in markets, a little more stability. And I think that will be a little while in the making. A lot of it does tie to sentiment overall, obviously, as inflation comes down. I think that's a very important indicator to give markets confidence. Right now, people are concerned about the banking system. They're concerned about a slowdown, and that doesn't tend to lead to a lot of transaction activity. So I think it will happen in waves in different segments. It ultimately will happen, it always does. But it's hard to point to any one thing as we sit here today.
Jon Gray: So I think the number is a little over $8 billion, but you're close, Craig, from insurance. I think the nice thing about insurance, as Michael pointed out, is we have these contractual relationships with large clients, notably with Corebridge. We're just starting to ramp up the flows from the resolution partnership we have. There are strong inflows at Fidelity & Guaranty as they grow their business. And all of that gives us a lot of confidence in terms of the outlook from our major clients. I think additionally there are others in the space who see what we're able to do in areas like asset-backed finance, corporate direct lending, and they're looking to do some SMAs targeted in areas and as we get more scale, it creates a bit of a virtuous cycle. And then, of course, there are the episodic moments where we find a larger potential customer. We now have four. We also have Everlake as well, the former Allstate Life and Retirement platform. So I think we've got multiple engines. We've got this contractual growth that will continue to grow over time and take us up to $250 billion basically on its own. Our clients could find other strategic things to do. We've got these SMA opportunities with insurance companies really around the globe and then we can find new large-scale clients. And I think that's really the beauty of our model, which is we're not an insurance company, we're an asset manager, and so we can serve multiple clients just like we do in our institutional business. So I would say our confidence level around the insurance area remains extremely high.
Jon Gray: So the syndicated lending market, its challenges are that there's a lot of volatility in the system. So if you're a bank today and you're generally in the moving business, right, you commit to a non-investment grade corporate credit, a private equity deal, you're trying to sell that down. But given the volatility, you're going to say to the borrower, hey, look, I need a lot of flex in the pricing. I need to be able to gap out the pricing 200 basis point, 300 basis points. And when there's this kind of volatility that makes it hard and as a borrower putting on our private equity cap, we'd prefer to do things on a direct basis where we know we have certainty. At some point, of course, volatility will come down and the syndicated market will become more competitive. But I do think structurally over time, direct lenders have a competitive advantage because they're in the storage business and I think they will continue to gain more share on newly originated deals where you've got to make a commitment for a public to private that lasts a long period of time. I think once a borrower is in the marketplace is established, there's not an intermediary who has to take a bunch of near-term credit risk. The syndicated market has a lot of competitive advantages. So I think they both coexist. But I think in the new origination market, more and more of that will move to direct lenders.
Jon Gray: Yeah. And I would just point out, we're big players in both. We're the leading investor in CLOs and we're the leading direct lender as well. Sorry, go ahead.
Jon Gray: So I would say for the last 30 plus years we've been at this now, we've continued to have durable advantages over public markets in our investing. And I think it comes down to our sector selection, the advantages of scale, and often inefficiencies and marketplaces, our ability to intervene in companies, which is really important with our portfolio operations team and then our capital allocation decisions for these companies. And that formula has continued to work extremely well in very good environments and very challenging environments, and I don't see any reason why that goes away. In fact, we think as we get larger, we get better at this. We get better at scale because of the competitive advantage of size and the private markets. But we also have more inputs. If you think about investing as pattern recognition, connecting dots, I don't think there's any firm in the world who gets to see more dots than we do. And so we can see something that's happening in the United States and how it's relevant in other parts of the world. You can see that in our global logistics investing. I think there are real powerful advantages from our scale and our model. So we think these return premiums will persist over time. In terms of technology, Steve can comment, but I would just say we've made a huge investment here on data scientists. We've got more than 40 of them. Every time we do a deal in private equity, in real estate infrastructure, we've got a data scientist on the deal team. We're embedding them in our portfolio companies. We realize the world's changing quickly and we want to invest in that and be ahead of it.
Jon Gray: Well, I think our real estate debt business has a really great spot today. Banks are quite focused on CRE exposure shareholders, regulators, and that is leading to a pullback. So if you have fresh capital to deploy in that area, I think, it's quite positive. It can be on the new origination side in our latest BREDS fund, which we're in the process of raising. It can also be in liquid real estate securities, debt securities where people are just cautious and trying to reduce exposure. We talked here at the beginning of the call about the massive differentiation across real estate. And now at times you see people just pulling back regardless of the sector they're exposed to. So I think the opportunity in real estate debt will come first. And I think it's a very favourable time to be a lender in that space. Obviously the office sector in the US is the one cautionary area where there's more exposure, although debt loan to value levels were much lower than they were in the last downturn. I think overall the opportunity exists here with insurance clients and with regular way institutional clients. We're going to continue to pursue it broadly. It's one of the great things about Blackstone is we have so many different engines out there. In real estate, we not only have this equity business, we have a very big real estate debt business, which alone is $60 billion in most firms, that would be quite sizable. But inside our nearly trillion dollars, it doesn't get a lot of attention. But I do think it's an area of growth for us. I think we're obviously raising the next drawdown. And for the insurance clients and institutional clients in more liquid areas, I think there's a lot of opportunity.
Jon Gray: Well, ultimately, Brian, it's performance that matters. And I think what's remarkable, there's a lot of attention, as you know, on the redemptions. What's quite remarkable is that in the first quarter, we saw 9% estimated same-store cash flow growth against this very large $100 billion plus portfolio of commercial real estate. And it speaks to the positioning of the fund, our exposure in rental housing, not just traditional rental housing, but also in single family rentals, in student housing where there's real strength. It's the logistics where you have this big mark-to-market. We have some hotel exposure and one area we haven't talked a lot about, BREIT has a data center business that is doing extraordinarily well. And we believe that the positioning of BREIT in those sectors and its focus on the Sunbelt, again, the fact that we chose to invest most of this in the Sunbelt in places like Texas and Florida is a real difference maker. And we think as you look over time, that's what really matters here. Now, as you look forward, what's going to impact the redemptions? I think it's a combination. I think it will be multiple months of positive performance. We'll show people and give them confidence as well as volatility in the marketplace coming down. Right now, we're seeing investors cautious really towards all equity vehicles. And we're seeing something better in terms of flows today in BCRED, because investors are more open to the debt business. But we think this is just a question of time. If we deliver, given the portfolio we built, the structure we've got here, this is working for investors, as we've talked about, 12% since inception, triple the public REIT index. That's ultimately what matters. The portfolio positioning, what's matters, and then as that performance shows up, as markets become a little less volatile then I think you'll see a resumption of more positive flows here.
Jon Gray: Great question, Alex. I would say the asset backed area is the greatest area of opportunity today beyond what we've talked about in direct lending to corporates as well as commercial real estate. The regional banks generally play a very large role in home improvement loans and auto loans, equipment, finance. Those are all areas of opportunities. I'd also say NAV lending to funds is another area in the asset backed space. We see a lot of opportunity and what's happening today is there are banks out there who have very good relationships with borrowers who want to continue to generate this flow and we can be a long term partner to them and take a share of that flow. And we're in a number of discussions. And I think what you'll see here is some potentially funds, but a lot of more targeted SMAs, particularly with insurance clients and I think also with some of our traditional pension clients. And what's happening here is the private equity and alternatives business started in the equity space taking money out of public equity allocations. I think the opportunity today is in fixed income to convince institutional investors to take a little less liquidity and to partner with somebody like us. So I think you could see this with our large institutional clients scaling up quite a bit and certainly in the insurance arena. And that's why we said we really think it's a golden moment for private credit.
Jon Gray: Well, what I'd say is in our drawdown funds that we sell, we're obviously targeting much higher returns. So there there's less of an issue. If you look again at what we produced in our private credit vehicle BCRED. If you look at what we've done in BREIT, again, meaningful premiums over cash. I would point out that BCRED in particular is a floating rate lender. And as a floating rate lender, it's benefiting. Its returns this year have been extremely strong because defaults remain low and base rates have moved up quite a bit. We're now also seeing spreads gap out on new originations, which helps. So BCRED perfectly positioned benefiting as rates move up. BREIT still has a favourable yield because if you remember, we pay out north of a 4% dividend for US investors because of the tax shield here. It's an effective current yield close to 7%. So we think these products are still very well positioned. That is increased competition for us today. But over time we think it's total return that really matters.
Jon Gray: Well, what I would say on that is the good news is we have very little in the way of near-term maturities, which is the most significant thing. We generally are operating funds these days at far lower leverage than we had in the past and we have ample reserves in these funds. And because we're positioned in the strong sectors, cash flow growth has been very significant, which really helps when you get to refinancing. So had we positioned heavier obviously in US office buildings, excuse me, had we done a lot in retail. I think we would be more vulnerable. It doesn't mean there aren't specific situations. And at times we have walked from assets when we don't see equity value. But when you look at our portfolios as a whole, we've used a very disciplined approach to leverage and even at higher interest expense, we feel good about our ability to refinance and extend our debt.
Jon Gray: Yeah, it's interesting. Our clients love private equity. That's the bottom line. And why do they love private equity? It's because it's been the best performing part of their portfolio for a long period of time and virtually every one of our clients. So when you have something that does well, you generally want more of it. Their challenge, of course, is that it's grown to be above their target. So they could have 10% or 12 or 15% target. They're above that. And so they're constrained. And therefore in some cases they're doing some secondaries. In some cases they're raising the allocations. We talked last quarter about New York State raising allocations to private equity, but it's making them more cautious in the sense they only have so much budget to allocate. But it's not because of a lack of desire. And I would make the broader point which is so important to our firm overall. Our clients like alternatives, our institutional clients, insurance clients, individual investors. And so the mega trend is intact. We're in a more challenging moment, but clients desire for alternatives is very strong. But there are some structural challenges just in the near term because they may be over allocated right now. Those things tend to go away over time and their desire will be -- will become reality. And so that's what gives us a lot of confidence. But yes, near term, a more challenging private equity fundraising environment.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Bill. I would say we still see this as an enormous area of opportunity. There's $85 trillion of wealth in accounts where people have more than $1 million to invest. On average, folks in the individual investor space are only allocated 1% or 2% to alternatives, as opposed to our institutional clients who are 25% or 30%. So there seems to us to be a lot of runway in this area. It does tend to lend itself a little better to yield oriented products. So real estate and credit not a surprise. We started in these areas. I think as it relates to the liquidity features. I think we've done a very good job creating these products. So we were match funded. I think BCRED for us, which has quarterly redemption features and a bit of a delay on when those redemptions come out is probably a little bit of a better structure. That being said, you've seen with BREIT, we've done a terrific job managing this, running it with appropriate liquidity and delivering great returns for our investors. And I do think as these products evolve over time, there'll be a little more focus on how potentially they can be tweaked to optimize both return and risk. Also, when you sell these products, what kind of program and setup can you use to make sure investors recognize this should be a long-term holding for them like it is for institutional investors. In terms of new products. Yes, I think private equity broadly is an area of opportunity. It's corporate private equity. For us, it could be secondaries, it could be life sciences, growth, tactical opportunities. We really have a unique platform that can source a lot of deal flow. Again, this is a less liquid area than real estate and credit. So the structure would have to align with that. And then I think infrastructure is something we haven't talked about on the call could be an area of opportunity. As you all know, we've grown that business in five or so years to 36 billion of assets, outstanding performance really delivered for institutions. Again, it's a long-term compounder with a yield component should be attractive. So and then I think there are subcategories who knows real estate debt, other areas, multi-asset credit. I think as we build relationships with individual investors and deliver for them their confidence in investing in a range of products and having a mix of both the semi-liquid vehicles and then for some drawdown vehicles. I think all of that will grow. People are focused on the near term. It's a volatile market. There's more caution today. But the long-term trends, as I said, are very much intact, I think, particularly in the retail space.
Jon Gray: Yeah. And I would say overall, these are in the tens of billions of dollars in terms of the scale of this. We have made an enormous investment in people. I don't know to the specific numbers how much margin improvement. I think this is mostly about the growth in assets and fees overall. Like all our businesses, there tends to be a margin improvement over time. I mean, really, since we've gone public over the last 15 years, you've seen steady improvement in margin. I would expect in this area, you would see margin improvement over time. But we just see a lot of white space in this area. And once you have these engines of origination, once you have a large commercial real estate origination capability, a direct lending capability, once you're doing things in all sorts of these asset backed areas we talked about, then you can attract more assets. So I would just say overall, still early days in our mind.
Jon Gray: So it's no surprise when you have a big market and people see the opportunity that others move in and we expect to have more competitors. What I would say is we have a number of advantages. First, we've really been the first mover in the space. We built out our private wealth distribution team. Joan Solotar and her team have done a terrific job. We have hundreds of people on the ground around the world and that matters. And also what matters is we've built up relationships with financial advisors around the world, particularly here in the United States. They've been investing in a range of Blackstone products for a long period of time, both drawdown and semi-liquid products. And of course, most importantly, they've had good experiences and that really matters. And then I do think the brand makes a difference. When you go and you talk to a financial advisor or their end customer, the fact that they know who Blackstone is does make the likelihood of purchase much greater. And finally, what I'd say in this space unlike the institutional space where you can have thousands of private equity firms, you can't have large numbers of firms on these platforms. They're going to have a handful in private credit, private real estate, maybe in private equity. We think we'll have a slot in almost all of these places because of our brand, our reach, the track record. I think that's a very good spot to be in. We've invested here early. We think we're going to continue to build on what we've done. And if you ask financial advisors out there about Blackstone, I generally think you'll hear very positive things about the way we've done this. We brought fees down pretty dramatically when we entered the space because we were focused on net returns. We've added a whole new level of transparency and engagement in all of this. All this investment over a decade plus is going to pay big dividends over time.
Steve Schwarzman: That area. This is Steve. That area is really sort of exploding. And we saw this probably five to six years ago. And we started a department here with fantastic people. We use them on due diligence, interestingly. Because when you accumulate large databases, sometimes it's hard to figure out what's going on with them. And we have that ability to do it. This whole generative AI area, which is fascinating, we've had our people sort of out in California meeting with a lot of the people involved in the whole AI area funding College of Computing at MIT and AI ethics area in Oxford. And so we have a very unusual network here. Commercial of the firm of knowing what's going on. And I was with somebody last night who involved in this sector -- outside of the Blackstone [indiscernible] call just a dramatic increases in our efforts [indiscernible] that kind of power applied to databases but very important outcomes in some of these large language models will be erratic for a while. But as this is applied, for example, individual businesses of their own -- generate over time of those databases. The [indiscernible] is one of the risks of large databases. You'll be able to do really very, very unusual things analytically on that model, which most people don't do that. So strap yourself in on this one. Next question, please, Katie.
Steve Schwarzman: One thing that John mentioned was data centers. And we own one of the largest data center companies in the world. The growth in that area as a result of the changes with AI are going to be really, really substantial. The need for data centers is going to escalate. And I point that out just as an area of competitive advantage for us in our funds.
Steve Schwarzman: But in the same survey, credit was up 52%. What it said is that 52% of institutional investors want to increase their allocation to credit. And we're feeling that. And that's a theme that both Jon and Michael really amplified on. And the BlackRock survey indicates it's quite logical that's a place to go. And that's not something historically that has been a first choice kind of decision at a time of low interest rates, obviously, that's all changed.
Steve Schwarzman: One other thing. We've been doing this for like ten years, roughly. And when we started, hardly anybody in that channel knew what we were doing or what the program was. And so we started a series of in-person what we call BX universities, Blackstone universities. And we have had, I don't know the number, whether it's 10,000 or FAs who've been at the firm. And they usually come for a day and we introduce them to each of our different business areas. We teach them how alternatives work. Differences between that and other types of immediately liquid types of investments as well as why the returns are higher. And I can't overestimate for you of, how important this is, because when somebody comes and spends a day and sometimes it's more than a day and learn something from the ground up. They go back and they talk to people who work with them, people who are in the same office and they say, you should really be doing this. And that's sort of viral kind of internal marketing is pretty remarkable. And since we've been doing it, when no one was doing this, I mean, we were just alone. We have a group of people who really trust what we're doing and our fulfilment organization, which is different and service for customers of that type is totally unlike institutional type of support. And we built that over a very long period of time and no one else had that who competes with us. And so there is a -- when Jon mentioned the first mover advantage, it's really about people and reputation and knowledge and performance. And that type of thing really is quite enduring. So I leave you with that one.
Michael Chae: All right. Gerry on FRPRs we talked about this before in my remarks, but we definitely see an acceleration. And I specifically point to two things. BPC FRPRs in the second half of the year. We have a schedule. It's known what will be eligible for incentive fee events. I think we mentioned last quarter four times more AUM will be crystallizing this year than last year. There was very little in the first quarter. There'll be a modest amount in the second quarter -- in the second quarter. So it's a really second half event, the ultimate dollars. And that will obviously be a function of the embedded gains at that time, but we have decent visibility on that. I'd also note on BCRED, which is sort of a little bit below the radar as it relates to FRPRs. That is obviously a steadily expanding base of both management fees and FRPRs. And those FRPRs are based on investment income borrowers paying interest. It's a very stable and crystallizes core. So it's a very stable source of incentive fees. And I'd note that FRPRs for BCRED break it out, but those doubled year-over-year in the first quarter actually. So there's important underlying momentum, I think, from multiple areas, not just the ones we get a lot of attention. On margins, as I said in my remarks, I would just say the big picture is we -- I think stepping back, we -- I think it's fair to say we've demonstrated the ability to generate significant operating leverage over time. So and that comes from strong underlying management fee growth for long periods of time and disciplined approach to cost management and our biggest area of cost compensation. We fundamentally have a performance aligned structure over which we have considerable control. So in terms of the outlook, as always, I would focus on full year delivery, not intra year, quarter-to-quarter. I'd refer you back to my comments from last quarter regarding confidence about market stability. And so for the full year 2023 relative to 2022, I think we continue to do.
Michael Chae: And Ben just to add some stats around that, I mean, I would just reinforce what Jon said. I think we're -- our teams are the best in the business actually at sort of managing capital structures, laddering maturities and making that constant process, locking in, floating rates, fixing floating rates at attractive moments. And so just in terms of some metrics, across our real estate and private equity portfolios, these are portfolio companies. With the average maturity remaining life in the maturities are about four and a half years. So we're talking about the end of 2027. So really good runway there. As Jon said, minimal maturities across the portfolio this year. And in a business like private equity, even though there's typically, on the face of it, essentially a fixed high yield component, but also a floating rate senior debt component. As I mentioned, our teams worked and have worked in the past to fix those floating rates at attractive times. So approximately probably two-thirds of our private equity debt is essentially fixed rate at attractive levels. So we're very, I think, conscientious and focused about managing our capital structures.
Michael Chae: Michael, overall, I think zooming out on the firm and on the real estate segment, as you probably know, management fee rates over long periods of time have been remarkably stable. And in fact, if anything tilting upwards, probably the one sort of dilutive factor is frankly the great growth of insurance in that sort of by a couple of basis points overall affects the firm's overall management fee rate. I think for the real estate segment and Jon can chime in on relative growth rates, long-term positive tailwinds obviously around the growth rates of both the actual management fee rates, I think on the BREDS business are not such that I think you would see the overall segments, weighted average management fee dilute by very much over time.
Michael Chae: The number on -- in terms of the -- our deployment numbers are more around the private strategies and our liquid credit strategies, in some cases, there are effectively trading strategies. The origination numbers are multiples of that.
Michael Chae: Yeah, Rufus, I'll just add, this is Michael. I guess three things are true. One is we entered this insurance dedicated insurance space a number of years ago with the advantage of having these platforms and direct origination for both corporate and real estate credit, very well developed and built out. So they were there to be leveraged with some but not an undue amount of incremental investment. Second thing is we have been investing. So beneath the surface of the margin we've been producing, we've been investing in this area generally, both in terms of sort of depth and breadth and then also in newer asset areas like asset backed finance. And then third, I would say, as we commented before, the sort of incremental margin profile of this insurance capital is very attractive.
