Joan Solotar: Sure. Hey, it’s Joan. On the first question in terms of wholesalers, I just want to step back for a minute. So, this is really operating as a full business, and I don’t want you to think it’s just that where popping out some sales people and it’s just a sales organization. So to support and really partner with major firms, independent broker dealers, we have wholesalers, we have a sales reps, we have full operating support to fund accounting marketing, compliance et cetera, and that really has taken the last several years of building to get into place so that we can now expand the distribution. But to address your question specifically as it relates to the wirehouses, we have about 10 wholesalers and a similar amount 12 in the independent broker dealer channel. As it relates to product, so initially because we were focused on the wirehouses and the qualified purchasers we were largely distributing our drawdown product, the same institutional product but in working with the firms we identified a real need for mass affluence and also those in the $1 million to $5 million range to also have access. So in addition to that we have really worked very closely to leverage our team capability in the investing groups and develop more product that have structures that are either semi liquid or more liquid. So I would say today if we look at over the last 12 months, it's roughly split evenly, liquid, illiquid product sales and you will continue to see more product developments happening, so I'm excited and it's early stage, and just to highlight where we are even though we are much further along than most and I think we have the broadest product array anyone could offer given our global platforms across the board, one of the big wirehouses we have been working with for several years, we have looked at penetration there and even for those FA's who sell our product we are about 20% penetrated, when we look across the entire system we are 5%, so I think the upside is quite significant.
Joan Solotar: Yes, so we have a team both here as well as abroad and actually even on the more institutional side focused on private things internationally as well, and their of course we are trying to find solutions for family offices, multifamily offices.
Joan Solotar: That's a great question. So as you know with the draw down funds we are largely oversubscribed even for institutions and so the goal isn't just to raise as much capital as possible, and I think the growth will come from expanding the penetration or deepening the penetration into the current channels and expanding those channels as we are an independent broker dealer and also developing product which we are doing, and it's really the bespoke for these channels based on their needs and one example in real estate if you think about it. And the institutional channel it's longer draw down which is only accessible to qualified purchasers whereas a lot of individuals want yields and we were able to leverage the real estate investing group, same investing platform but identify assets that were more yield oriented rather than gain and put it in a structure that was accessible to them. I think one other important point and this is kind of a timeline of history, back in the day when defined benefit plans really were the majority of how folks were planning for their retirement everyone had access to alternatives in that sense and today even teachers, policemen et cetera, probably 20%, 25%, of their pension funds are invested in alternative. These products today are not allowed to be embedded by and large in 401K because of the liquidity and so most individuals just have not had access and when you talk to advisors their targets are anywhere from 10% to 20% per individuals but today the penetration is really more like 2%, 3%, so how are they going to fill that gap and we are really working with them on a appropriate products to be able to do that and that's anything from developing daily liquidity product to semi liquid product and I think you will see more of that overtime.
Joan Solotar: I think it's really not just throwing bodies at it, we need to be smart about the technology analytics that we are using in order to reach more people and some of it's just time. We had this past year 2,500 advisors come through, Blackstone Universities around the world, we are continuing to educate advisors and really develop a relationship. So I want to caution a little bit it's not just that you go to a distributor and say hey here is our product put on the platform and it sells itself. It’s really forming a partnership with the advisor to help them improve their business, taking the time to educate them providing great service, reporting et cetera. And so there will be a continuous build.
Tony James: We have got the beginnings of sales force that's going direct to large family offices as well in addition to the 22 people you mentioned.
Tony James: Okay Glenn, I will take that one. Let me start by saying, as we mentioned on the media call we are just beginning the institutional part of the fund raise, so we are not in a position to be executing transactions at this point, and won't to till we get close to having capital in hand - you shouldn’t expect to see it until the middle part of next year as a fact no matter in terms of deals being kind of being inked. The opportunities, again, as mentioned in the immediate call we think there are interesting opportunities in a number of areas. Number one, public and privates were asked this morning and that we think there is opportunities to take existing public companies private, enhance the operations and create some enduring value for our investors. There are also a number of assets that were owned by large companies that are infrastructure type assets which would add much more value for that company than embedded in that company given where the multiple of those companies chase. So think there will be major corporations, companies, others repositioning those assets into the infrastructure market. Thirdly, there is a number of infrastructure players that are looking for expansion capital to further build up their networks. That’s been a fruitful area for us. We think that will continue in more private equity funds and more of the kind of newer stuff, but it also extends right on into core and core+ infrastructure. We think that will be interesting. Over time, we will move more towards new build, really high quality assets, but that will take time. The gestation period of those transactions is long. But there will be definitely opportunities there for us as well. So that’s the kind of talent that we see.
Tony James: Okay. Well, on the permanent capital side, we have a growing number of permanent capital vehicles in each of our businesses. And I would think that you should anticipate that we are going to continue to try to evolve our business more and more towards that kind of vehicles because the traditional draw down fund is a bit of a treadmill, as you grow you put money out and then you got to sell assets and a lot of times what you have to do to return capital to investors you are getting to sell your best assets. And that seems kind of like to us in a way if you got a great asset it has a lot of future potential why sell it and why not let it work for investors longer. And one of the underlying thesis we have got in this firm is that where interest rates come down real rates to near zero, you are going to have that high compounding returns and you can substitute that in terms of serving investors need by extending the duration of your holding some of your assets. So for example, you can be a lot richer if you hold an asset for 10 years earning 12% than if you hold an asset for four years earnings 25%. And so extending the duration letting that money work for people longer at attractive compounded rates is one of the ways we serve our investors better. That drives us more towards permanent capital vehicle and then from our public investor standpoint those vehicles have the advantages of holding the assets longer. So it allows us to compound AUM growth, allowing the assets to work for you longer, so you get growth and you get the growth in AUM from the compounding and of course allowing us to harvest carries by not actually having the equally to the assets and that makes carries both steadier and allows the AUM to keep growing. So, we think it’s a good model for a lot of businesses. And as Joan was saying for certain target investors, we have to change the form of our funds to fit those markets better. So, that’s another reason that we are doing this, so for all those reasons we are moving more towards the permanent capital. In terms of the insurance, we have had our products in insurance companies for some time, a lot of the new products were developing the private credit, the permanent capital vehicles, the yield orient products, many of them have some very attractive capital treatment on insurance companies, we have got a full products suite. As you know we own something call Harington which is a reinsurance company, we are in the process are buying without Fidelity and Guarantee life, we got other things going on. So, it’s a continuation of a trend and I think you should expect to see that accelerating.
Tony James: See, just Brian also I want to mention, if you think about the return pyramid out there in terms of global opportunities, at the top of the pyramid at the narrow point you get the very, very high returns of private equity in the breadth and shared dollar availability of that is slow. As you move down the risk and return spectrum, that pyramid gets wider and wider. So some of the areas that we are getting into are vast in terms of the opportunity set and the amount of capital we can raise by comparison too they are really kind of a high risk high return draw down funds where we started. So we are opening up big, big frontiers.
Tony James: Sure Mike. As you know or as you may not know but that distressed fund is a traditional drawdown fund and once it's invested and it comes to the end of its life we go and fund raise. They have investment period is typically of about six years, so you're not raising a fund like that to take advantage of opportunity at a moment in time markets. The fund raising itself takes a year, it takes you four or five years to get the money, most of the money put to work and then you hold the things for four or five years. So it's a asset class that you have to commit to through the cycle and through the cycle it will treat you well. At this point, economies are good, markets are good even sort of stressed companies can finance. So it’s meaning there is not as many opportunities as we might like. There are always things of course, there are always companies that stumbled either because of things beyond their control, oil prices, the Internet impacting retail, regulatory changes and one thing and another, and there are always companies that stumble because of self inflected wounds, overpaying for acquisitions, management change and one thing and another. So there are always opportunities and it’s just a question of right now the volume. The economy won’t grow forever, interest rates won’t be near zero forever and I think that we will see plenty of opportunities in the investment period for this fund.
Tony James: That’s a really interesting question because it’s something that we have ratcheted it up dramatically here in the last -- in this year I would say. It’s up and Steve has been pushing us all on. And so we have a number of initiatives really took to look at the use of data frankly and the development and sale of data that we have embedded in our portfolio of companies. That’s an ongoing exploration I think at this point, but we have now set up a specific dedicated team, data team if you will to inform our investment processes, number one, internal. Number two, figure out what might be harvestable, mineable and monetizable. And three, to work with deal team looking at portfolio companies both to use data and make better investment decisions, but also to use the new technology that is evolving out there to help our companies operate better. And so that will be a common like our portfolio ops, a common research to all of our different investments businesses. And so I’m excited about the possibilities there, but it’s early days.
Tony James: I think that’s way too early to say and I’m not sure that the way to monetize it will be to sell it. Another way to monetize it might be to build investment products around it. We will just have to explore that. But in terms of like the time horizon that you deal with in terms of stocks, not significant.
Tony James: Okay. Well, I’m not going to inventory all the funds, but suffice to say that we generally have pockets that can do NPLs and GSL and real estate, Tac Opps and in BAAM. And I think that depending on the NPL all of those funds have participated in NPL acquisitions around Europe in the past year. The biggest area has been Spain and we just closed a very large transaction there, about $10 billion of the NPLs. But, Italy is another big area and we have initiatives with other countries as well. So, yes it’s coming alive, there is pressure from the central banks and banks to clean that up. By the way it’s not just Europe we are starting to see those same pressure let say trends in India as well. So, I think it’s going to be continue - it’s been good for us, by the way the NPL portfolio as we have got and bought have performed very, very well and I think it will continue to be an attractive area.
Michael Chae: Hi, Chris I think at this point we wouldn’t want to get too granular on projecting or the drivers of 2018. But we certainly expect them to be healthy. We expect the AUM growth to be quite healthy. And so, I think broad strokes we certainly expect it to be continue to be in the double-digit percentage growth area, but at this point probably wouldn’t want to refine it further.
Michael Chae: Look I think as Steve mentioned, Tony mentioned on the prior call, it is a combination of let’s call it Alpha and Beta. The market backdrop has been supportive but the companies have been performing through the - we would like to think the value creation efforts that underpinned the investments we always we think. So, I think both forces have been very positive.
Michael Chae: That’s a good question Mike. I think I discussed I think the robustness of sort of the magnitude of the receivable right that really is return to the levels from a couple of years ago. I think when you think about the composition of it, something like just under 40% of the current receivable is public, is liquid and that obviously is kind of reflection of maturity and it’s been closer monetization. The vintage year mix I think is pretty similar in the past, but I did want to underscore in my remarks that we are really gratified by the fact that some of the vintages and highlighter real estate that are a bit younger right for 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 and we have made some big investments at that time and at the time maybe some people thought markets were elevated where they would be good deals and they have really season quickly and are being converted into DE. So that I think that’s part of what has driven the value creation at this point what will drive the DE run way from here. So, it’s just a mix of a couple of metrics and then sort of qualitative sense. But we certainly feel like when you sit back, we have sort of transition from a carry receivable that only a couple of years ago was largely driven by some of the big pre IPO funds and is was full of public positions to one that has remained stable to even growing. And as we have transition to sort to the more recent vintages.
