Joan Solotar: Great. Thanks, Erica. Good morning, and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter and full year 2012 conference call. I'm here today with Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release slide presentation illustrating our results available on our website. We're going to file the 10-K at the end of next month. So just to remind you, the call may include forward-looking statements which, by their nature, are uncertain and outside of the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section of the 10-K. And we don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. We will refer to non- GAAP measures on the call. For those reconciliations, you'll find them in the press release. And I also want to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. Moving on to the results, just a very quick recap, we reported economic net income or ENI of $0.59 per unit for the fourth quarter. That's up from $0.42 in the fourth quarter of last year. We reported a full year ENI of $1.77 per unit for 2012 and that's up sharply from $1.38 in 2011. The improvement was driven mostly by growth in fee-related earnings due to higher asset levels, as well as greater appreciation in the underlying portfolio assets really across the board. For the fourth quarter of 2012, distributable earnings were $449 million or $0.39 per common unit. That's more than double last year's fourth quarter. And for the full year, we generated distributable earnings of $0.85 per common unit. That's up from $0.60 in 2011. You probably -- well, we'll be paying out $0.42 per unit distribution related to the fourth quarter to common unit holders of record as of February 11, and this includes the true-up from the first 3 quarters of 2012. So that payment date will be February 19, which hopefully you've noticed has moved up about 6 weeks from last year's payment date. For 2013, we've made a change to the distribution. We've increased the base quarterly distribution by 20% to $0.12 from $0.10, and we're also going to pay out the excess net cash available on a current basis so that there won't be a fourth quarter true-up. Investors will just get the cash earlier. And then one final note from me, we're going to host our third Blackstone Investor Day on Friday, May 3. That will be in New York at the Waldorf. We've sent out a save-the-date e-mail, but if you didn't receive it and you want to attend, just follow up with me or Weston Tucker after the call. And in addition, let us know if you have any questions and we'll hopefully speak to you later. With that, I'll turn it over to Steve Schwarzman.
Joan Solotar: And if I could just -- before we take questions, we have a very large number of folks on the call and we now have 17 analysts covering us, so if you can, at least for the first round, just limit it to 1 or 2 questions and then just put yourself back in the queue, that would be great. Okay, let's go.
Joan Solotar: I just want to add one more thing. We're now of the size where both BAAM and GSO have contributed pretty good incentive fees, and those crystallized in the fourth quarter, so there's a bit of seasonality to it. And assuming regular performance, that should continue.
Joan Solotar: On BAAM, they are lumpy, as you noted, and we actually have a good pipeline going into 2013, not surprisingly because 2012 was one of our best relative performance years. And so I think that was the issue there.
Joan Solotar: So generally, if you assume a 2x MOIC and a 4-year going in investment period in 4 years coming out, it will be a relationship of 2:1 over the life of the fund, net earned carry to management fees. Historically, we've actually done better than 2x. We've been close to 2.5x, so the ratio was even greater.
Joan Solotar: Just want to add one more thing just to the prior question on the trend. If you looked across estimates, generally speaking, realizations were underestimated. And therefore, fee-paying AUM was overestimated. So there's, of course, a relationship there because it's gross inflows, less paying back capital and if there were any outflows, which obviously in draw down funds you wouldn't have. So it is something to keep in mind as you're -- that as we're expecting accelerated realizations, particularly in Real Estate, and fundraising and some of those businesses as a step function, there's going to be quarterly periods where you'll have differences. And if you're selling a ton, you absolutely will see a flattening, if not the slightly declining trend in periods. Over time, we think industry is going to have greater flows, we're going to continue to gain market share and so we still see a positive trend, but there absolutely could be periods with flattening to decline.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes, I think, Howard, that you do detect a different tone, and maybe I had one more cup of coffee than I should have. But we're seeing strengths in the housing sector which is certainly something new in the last 5 years or so. And that's an asset that is typically the largest asset that most Americans own. And there's virtually no place where housing is going down and there are many, many places where housing is going up. So I think that's an area of real significant change. If you look at autos, you're also seeing almost a doubling from the bottom in terms of order production. So that's saying something about something. And third, from traveling abroad pretty extensively, the impact of potential energy independence on our country, here in the United States, is viewed, forget how we view it here in the United States, but from the perspective of people abroad as a really paradigm-changing type of change. And assuming that nothing goes wrong with approvals to do frac-ing, and we keep producing these very large amounts of natural gas, this is an engine that could really drive real future growth in ways that are really wholly unanticipated. On the other side, I mean, you see these mediocre results from the fourth quarter in terms of GDP, not every area that we're involved with is showing that kind of growth. Some of that softness comes out of government spending and some other things. And so we don't have a free pass. But what we are seeing with our business is that the spread between illiquid securities and the returns we can make and what people typically can get, not necessarily from last year and the last half on the stock market but on fixed income instruments, is so huge that it's driving our business in terms of flows. And that compression will also increase the value of assets, may make it a little harder to set up some things, but it takes this huge amount of assets that we have in the ground where we've been improving these things. And it will create, in all probability, a pop in all of those asset values that you'll see washing through sort of our financial statements. And so that's the reason why you're hearing more enthusiasm from me. I'm sure Tony will give you something a bit more sober, but -- to the nature of our personalities.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: The asset class that will trade the most is in Real Estate, not corporate stuff in terms of loans, and Real Estate still has some of the issues that you mentioned. On the other hand, what happens is different countries decide at different times that, in some cases, when those assets have gone into operations, which are no longer just private sector, when banks collapse and things get sold, some of those are starting to move. For example, we just bought a good-sized hotel in Dublin where we think we can go quite -- do quite well but we have to fix it all up and so forth. And so we're seeing a steady flow of those, but Basel III makes it somewhat hard for financial institutions across the board to just blow things out. I think in a funny way that as those assets increase in value will make it easier for some of those assets to move because they'll result in less write-offs and then we have to make sure that if we are the buyer of those, we can improve them enough to make our returns.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think our people in our credit area are reasonably wary of sort of the level of interest rates. I mean, the Fed has been very aggressive, as we all know, in terms of buying government debt and keeping interest rates low until they like, where the level of unemployment is, which is lower than where it is. And at some point, that's going to reverse and that's going to be one unhappy day for people who are very long, and that's going to happen. The only problem is, nobody knows exactly when it's going to happen, but you know it's going to happen. And so given how low interest rates are, there's a reasonable chance that you can get hurt if you're really not in floating rate, if you maintain a current position, you don't structure yourself well. So we've been significant sellers of some of that exposure and that's the way we're dealing with it, I'd say, with caution.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Well, for some of the reasons we've mentioned, that is to say, that general M&A activity is not all that high right now. And similarly, equity markets have come up and yields are low. It's been a better -- it's not an easy environment to put a lot of money out. I would think that in our credit business, for the reasons I mentioned, we're being cautious. In our Private Equity business, the general level of deal activity is lower, and again, the debt has pushed up prices, we're a bit cautious. And the Real Estate, we've had just been on a massive investment program with over $9 billion last year. That level is some kind of historic record and is clearly not sustainable. There's still plenty of stuff to do, particularly in Europe, which is lagging the U.S., and increasingly in Asia. But I wouldn't be counting on continuing to put out $9 billion a year. I think we've -- the wheels would come off this place.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: So I'll take a whack at some of that and LT, maybe you can fill in around me here. And just in terms of -- there were good couple of questions in there. In terms of the -- BAAM has got a couple of very interesting products in the market and we think that they'll continue to gather assets. I'm personally hopeful we'll do as well next year as we do this year. I do see any reason why we wouldn't. We think there's a long runway ahead, and I know the BAAM guys are talking about and they shut it up. Well now they have significantly greater AUM, let's put it that way, I don't want to put a number on that, as a long-term goal. I mean very significantly greater. With respect to the seasonality of the business, all of our businesses are seasonal actually, and one of the things that happened this year with the whole fiscal cliff negotiations and the tax rates going up, there's a lot of companies raced around and tried to do things to beat the end of the year. That might be selling assets, it might be paying dividends, it might be one thing or another. It also might just be companies wanting to refinance to take advantage of the low interest rates not knowing what would happen with the fiscal cliff and not wanting to have the risk of that happening. So our M&A, for example, business had the best fourth quarter in the history this quarter, and so -- and there were a lot of closing. So it was a rather frenetic fourth quarter and it was pretty much frenetic across the board, I would say. BAAM and GSO got the performance fees they talked about. M&A and the Advisory businesses had a bunch of closings, although they have those business still have pretty good backlog. Private Equity had 3, I think, significant realizations, 2 equity financings in a sale of a company. And Real Estate's both realizations and closings ramped way up. So all businesses really, they sort of got hot in the quarter.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think as you look at that, it's really about growth and it's really about valuation level. To the extent that you have a robust stock market, over the next 1 or 2 years, I don't know whether you will or you won't, but to the extent that you do, we share in that in effect disproportionately. And we do that because we have our companies on leverage, so it's, really, it's leveraged equity and so that's very helpful. To the extent that the U.S. economy or foreign economies where we have those type of assets, and I'm talking more in the Private Equity area now than some of our other ones, then we benefit from that kind of recovery as well. So those are 2 macro drivers that really affect us.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes. Typically, over a cycle that's run historically in the 20% to 30% area over the mark, and some of that's just the timing that we're selling into a particularly good time, and so that would sort of affect that sales. So as we look at our own business, and everybody looks at these things differently, but we assume that when we're selling, we will have a better outcome than the mark. And then in almost every example, that really is the case. So that is the way it tends to work in the vast, vast majority of cases. It's not an equal distribution in terms of above and below historically.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: The way we think about it is, in each of our businesses, and in Private Equity, there's currently a lot of room to grow in the energy complex and we've got a fund that we've started that is absolutely shooting the lights out. I mean, it's like an IRR of 100% and it's 40%, 50% invested in 1 year. And the opportunity to grow that business very substantially is just right in front of you because with that kind of investment record and we've been doing this for, I guess, about 13, 14 years, we've never had a loss, it's a pretty remarkable performance. And I would expect that to be significantly increased as we go ahead in the future. And that's sort of like a pioneering step out, if you will. And I think, over time, we'll find other areas that are natural areas of concentration where we do things like that. We've got our Tac Ops business that came, started with some of the staffing, led by David Blitzer from Private Equity, where there's a very large capability to expand that kind of business. That's the only place in the firm where we mix Private Equity, Real Estate, Credit and Hedge Funds in one product. In Real Estate, there's just so many different areas to grow given the record that we have. I think Tony talked about the geographic expansion in Asia, which can develop a lot of different ways. We're already in Europe and the U.S. We have other opportunities of managing -- and we've got Mezzanine, which is principally a U.S. business. And so that can expand geographically. We also have managing the prospect, if we choose to do it, lower-type return real estate. At the moment, we're focused on the highest types of returns. And there's a massive market of sort of -- people who are actually seeking lower returns with less leverage. So the prospects there are really very, very substantial. In the hedge fund area, I think we've answered your question on that. It wasn't your question, it was someone else's question. In credit, we're actually quite geographically constrained to the United States, which is quite curious. And part of that is because of the rule of law and the ability to perfect security in other places. But we've moved Trip Smith, 1 of the 3 founding partners of GSO, was nice enough to go over to London, which is most people would not think as hardship duty, that's a fun place to live actually, London. And we're going to be developing a bunch of products for that market. And there are people who do lend a higher return money in Asia. We happen not to be part of that group. And longer term, that's a terrific opportunity given the growth there. So each of our investment businesses has a lot of white space, if you will, to be growing and expanding business, which is important, not just for the reasons of this phone call, but it's important to provide opportunities for our younger people as they grow up because the best thing we can do is take people who are trained in our core businesses and put them in these other businesses because they know how the firm looks at risk and reward, and you're just not dealing with people that you hire who don't have the same culture and the same focus on capital preservation.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I'd say we're a lot of places. And the greatest opportunities for us is cross selling our products to pools of capital. And since we're the only firm that really has this kind of scope, that we have a lot of opportunities to do that further. And in that regard, the easiest marketing you have are with people who you're already invested with who like you. They trust you, they know the firm. And as we come up with continual number of new products, this is a natural way to go. There are also new entrants who are not in some of our products who will be doing it and we have a pretty good competitive position to be able to be sort of first-in just because the investment performance record has been so strong over a long period of time that we also have a really good brand name that makes these people comfortable. So I think there's another trend that is also helpful for us, that almost all of people who put money into the alternative area are looking to simplify their lives, not make them more complex. They're looking to reduce the number of managers and move to the high-performing ones. And we qualify in that bucket in basically every business that -- line that we're in, so that also gives us a natural ability to pick up share. So we're taking advantage of all these trends that are going our way. Sometimes we open up a whole continent. In other words, we were the first people basically, other than domestics, taking money in Private Equity from South America. And that's going to be a growing area. It's not the biggest GDP area in the world, but as different parts of the world move to alternatives because of the performance characteristics, we know that people, there are a whole variety of accounts that we visit that we don't have money from yet. But we're going to get it because they're going to want to put it out and some of them are early.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Actually I don't think so because if you look at the composition in their business, they've got a giant CLO business. Basically, we're the largest owner leverage bank loans in the world, okay? This is like a big deal. And those loans flowed up, so they're not going to get hurt with that. In fact, it's a great place to hide and we've got some products if you'd like to put some of your own money in it. That's a good thing. On our drawdown funds, we don't make Mezzanine loans and rescue loans that are meant to be out long enough that basically you get crushed when things go up. Usually what happens, usually, is that when interest rates go up, it's often in response to an increasing economy. When you're economy is increasing, people will finance us out of those positions with higher stock markets and companies that get in better financial shape because their credit has improved, which enables them to flee us because we're basically custom manufacturers of credit extension and go to more normal types of areas. And the rates on the money we put out when it's fixed are pretty high. And so we don't have to force ourselves out at a bad time. So we actually don't have as much risk. We have more risk in our hedge fund, which is, I guess, about $3.5 billion. And we try and keep that hedged actually. That's why we call them a hedge fund. So but we take -- we try not to have that kind of exposure. So it's not like we're a long junk bond manager as principal who is about to get buried. That's not the construction of our business.
Hamilton Evans James: Well, I think Steve answered the question basically. Just to separate those 3 into categories, I don't see a lot of realizations near term in credit. We've had some pretty good realizations and the challenge, of course, for a lot of our credit businesses, our refinancings, now we're getting money back that we'd like to keep out there earning high returns because these companies were able to refinance cheaper. With respect to Private Equity, we had 3 big realizations, sizable realizations, at the end of the year. We've got 2 IPOs on file. We've got a number of other public companies that we're discussing, accessing the equity markets. So I would say that Private Equity will be driven heavily by the stock market as things now look at. We don't have a lot of strategic discussions going on, but we do have a lot of our companies looking at equity financings and equity -- and the distributions that will flow from that. Real Estate is where I think you'll see the big activity in terms of dollar scale because those assets are lumpy and there's a very good -- we've had them a long time. We've had a lot of assets that we've held since 2007 and there's a very good bid for those assets because cap rates are low and a lot of people want the security of hard assets. And the -- even though the economy isn't all that strong, the lack of building in commercial real estate means that commercial real estate results are very strong. Commercial real estate results are much stronger than the economy, if you will. So we're seeing stronger operating results in Real Estate than we are in our companies, which means that we're going to push those along further there. In other words, the [indiscernible] have matured quicker and then we've got a very good bid for them. So I think that's where you'll see the activity and I think you can expect 2013 to be bigger than 2012 and I don't really want to be much more specific than that.
Hamilton Evans James: So just to flesh that out a bit, you can -- our guys have moved their portfolios shorter in duration. They've moved from fixed to floating. They've moved up the balance sheet. And they're sitting on a lot of cash and so -- on the portfolios where you can move. With respect to the drawdown funds which are illiquid -- long-term illiquid securities, their securities are much higher rate, 400 to 500 basis points above the rate that bonds in the high-yield market trade, because the spreads for illiquidity have widened out. So if the market backs up, you'd actually expect the spreads to contract a little, maybe somewhat protected, number one. Number two, they're typically -- their debt to cash flow is 3x to 5x cash flow versus 5x to 7x in the public markets, so they tend to be less levered and have bigger equity cushions. So we've taken approach that's, I would say, at this market, reasonably defensive and have still been able to earn some pretty good returns.
Hamilton Evans James: No, they haven't. I mean, all we've done is change it. We've raised the base level of dividends because our business has grown and we feel like we can basically give investors confidence that they'll get at least $0.12 a quarter regardless of what all else happens in the world. And then we've just taken that true-up we had in the fourth quarter and just spread that over the course of the year, so people got their money earlier and we didn't have such a one big payment that some of us worry might distort trading patterns or what not of the stocks. So investors will get what they earn quarterly instead of having to wait towards the end of the year.
Hamilton Evans James: Well, we still that's still a ways out there. And as I say, we don't expect this level of investment to be sustained. We do have, as you know, we have some other Real Estate products in the market and some of that will also affect the pace of investment of BREP VII. So for example, right now, if we do an Asian deal, 100% of it is funded by BREP VII. Once we have the -- we're in the market with an Asia fund, once we have the Asian fund, the Asian fund and BREP VII will share the deal, so I think it's a ways off still.
Hamilton Evans James: Well, Michael, it's pretty much -- it's the whole portfolio. It's a big portfolio. It's got 30 companies or something. It was up 7% for the quarter. The whole portfolio is doing well. It's not one thing and it's a combination of steady growth and the paydown of debt which created those 2 -- with the way LBOs work, those 2 things create equity value. Our public -- interestingly, I mean LT can probably tell you, but our public portfolio, we have a bunch of public holdings there, so of course that goes up with the market, but I think our private portfolio was up more than the public portfolio.
Hamilton Evans James: And let me just make a note, too. So there's marks which are in ENI of course, and then there's realizations which are when those are crystallized and then ultimately paid out. Usually, when we actually realize investment, there's a markup even though we carry our investments at fair market value but conservative accounting is what it is and we try to be consistent on that. So when there's a lot of realizations, you also will have a tendency to have mark ups in ENI. And in both Real Estate and in Private Equity, our realized events are usually at a pretty significant premium to our carrying values as of the prior period.
Hamilton Evans James: Okay. Well, let me talk -- take housing first. As Steve mentioned, housing is getting a lot better but it's still way off the peak and we still have a huge number of foreclosed homes that have not worked through the system. And we still have a lot of stressed buyers, stressed people trying to -- barely able to buy a home and need to rent or not able to pay their mortgages. So, in my view, we're a ways away from anything where you'd sort of feel like things have fully normalized. I think what Steve was just saying, we're coming off like the body didn't even have a pulse and now it's gotten a pulse and that should be sort of tailwinds for the economy. And we agree with that, but there's still plenty of opportunity in the housing area and we -- our housing businesses in 12 cities, there are a lot of more cities to go to and not all as far along as the cities we picked, which is why we picked the cities we picked. So lots of opportunity there bottom line. In terms of the firm's open balance sheet, we issued -- we did a debt issuance a couple of months back, we thought were pretty great rates and pretty good maturity. Retrospectively, we were wrong. We should have waited and done it now, and -- but at the time, we were looking at near historic low rates and somehow they've gotten even lower. We're not intending to leverage up this balance sheet. We're in a business that doesn't need a lot of capital. I actually think we're entering a phase where these realizations and divestitures that Steve was talking about, where were going to actually throw off more capital than we need because the only place we use capital is when we co-invest with the LPs and as we put those funds out, the capital goes out. And when we harvest the investments, the capital comes back. So I think we're going to be in the phase where we're getting more capital back than is going out, and I don't think we need -- we're sitting on cash, we have a strong balance sheet, we want to keep a strong balance sheet. So I don't see the need or the desire to lever up.
Hamilton Evans James: Well, they're actually doing that daily. I mean, I think we have 4 or 5 refinances on the debt side going on as we speak. And in some cases, they are, of course, paying -- using some of that added capital to pay dividends. In other case, they're just lowering their cost of capital by refinancing existing debt. And some of the realizations that are -- some of the numbers that are in those realization numbers are dividends from re-levering the companies.
Hamilton Evans James: Yes, let me just jump in there too, Robert. Just to the -- the obvious parts of the world, which have big positive cash flows are accumulating lots and lots of resources and when they -- and sovereign wealth funds, all over the world, it's just not necessary that China, once you think there's all kinds of smaller countries would vary with their resource, heavy with -- and much of energy are revenues driven that have lots of capital. And for the most part, I would, in my own view, they are underrepresented in our kind of products and we'll be shifting more towards that and we're seeing that happening. And it comes in fits and starts, but that's one area where we think you'd see -- you can expect to see foreign investors in general but the big piece are wealth funds take more and more share from us, of our products. Secondly, it's high net worth individuals. If you look at high net worth individuals, across the board, they're 3% -- 2%  to 3% invested in alternatives, where as institutions are 20%, 25% invested. So there's obviously a long way to go there before we or any of our industry is really fully represented in the high net worth channel. And so I think that's another big target of opportunity for us.
Hamilton Evans James: Well, I'd be curious as to what Steve thinks about that. I noticed that we have some people saying, "Oh, it's going to be a big M&A year." And some people think it's not going to be. I'll let Steve comment on that.
Hamilton Evans James: So let me comment a couple of other things there. First of all, the hedge fund doesn't have any hurdle at all, but it does have high water mark. The drawdown funds have set hurdles, they're not tied to benchmarks, but they're fairly low in relation to the spread that they earn. And the environment where interest rates go up, I think, will be a relatively strong economy, and the Fed will -- that's when the Fed will allow rates to come up. And in that economy, the drawdown funds have substantial equity interest, usually in the form of warrants on their investments. They're not usually just buying a fixed income security without an equity kicker. So what's tended to happen is, it's not a bad thing when rates go up for them so much because the duration of their holdings goes out. Right now, they're being refinanced and having to put that money to work out there. The duration of their holding goes up, they lock, they get higher interest rates longer and their equity interest become more a very substantial amount of money. A high proportion of the return is sort of the equity options they get for free when they put in money into a distressed company or a privates subordinated debt company. So a strong economy has an offset there. With respect to the senior debt business, of which a lot of what Steve mentioned is floating-rate -- was CLOs, but a lot of it also separate accounts and things, when rates goes up, those rates flowed up and they actually earn more money. And those are not -- and so they're protected from the marks. And if you look at the rate increase periods in the last 6 rate increase periods, you'll see that the best performing fixed income asset class, which had positive -- significant positive performance was floating-rate senior secured debt and investment grade debt actually had negative performance. High-yield debt, because of the high interest rates, had small positive performance. But floating rate senior secured debt had like 6% or 7%. My recollection is positive returns in rising interest rate environments. So I think we're -- and I don't think, as Steve started off as saying, I don't think it's going to be a problem.
Hamilton Evans James: Well, I can say this, speaking for me, and Steve and I are both old enough, I'm afraid, that we're actually doing this back then.
Hamilton Evans James: The returns to the Private Equity world were spectacular then -- back then, but of course, the leverage ratios were huge and there was a lot of sort of the markets weren't as efficient, there was less competition. So I don't know, I don't know, lessons are hard to draw on that one, I think.
Laurence A. Tosi: It was a shift in the mix of funds, particularly with respect to where you see most of that occurring was in the BAAM and GSO, where they had very strong incentive fees. And typically, when you have a very strong incentive fee quarter, the base compensation number will be slightly lower.
Laurence A. Tosi: I think you might be, on BCP V, mixing a couple of numbers. So if you look where -- okay, Patrick, if I can for a sec, BCP V is now at 1.2x total MOIC, but I do think maybe you're just transposing numbers.
Laurence A. Tosi: I think the Hedge Fund Solutions business, as far as BAAM, is a business that particularly thrives on innovation. And if you're just doing the exact same thing that you were doing before, won't be so happy for you. And so we have a lot of really interesting things going on in that area. We've got a terrific team. We've got a number of new products that will be in the market this year that we think are going to be very well received, that will keep that business growing. About 60% of our growth in a given year typically comes from our existing investors, who are looking for different approaches, different solutions and when we bringing products to the market, to the extent we've done a good job historically, we get a pretty good hearing. So I think it's really about introducing new things and managing what you got really well.
Laurence A. Tosi: And so Bill, as I mentioned in my comments, we went back and we looked at exactly that through all the cycles back a long time, and what Steve and Tony just pointed out is absolutely true that you do have an uptick in the mark at the time of exit. But what we looked at was over the last few years, you've seen a strengthening of the component of our total earnings related to realizations and cash earnings. So as I mentioned in my speech, it's about 60% for the full year 2012, up from the high 40s in the last 2 years. So that's just -- it's an indicator of basically we call the different components of earnings.
Laurence A. Tosi: Well, it's a couple of things. You're right, obviously, when we have realizations, that it's net. I mean, I gave some stats in my speech that you're looking at $96 billion of gross inflows, net of $35 billion of returned capital and realizations gives you the $61 billion in growth. I think the third to the fourth quarter had 2 factors, is that if you look at the -- on the press release, on Page 21, it goes through the earning well for it. I mean you had very strong inflows, frankly, in the fourth quarter, $7.3 billion. The issue was you really had realizations and returns of capital of 8 and those really canceled each other out. So over -- looking forward, there's a lot of, as Tony went through, and Steve went through, there's a lot of things that we're working on, there's a lot of new products, a lot of innovation across the firm, and so I wouldn't -- we wouldn't describe it as a flattening at all.
Laurence A. Tosi: So if you look at that, Marc, the way to look at it is, the majority of that, let's say the 1/2, more than 1/2, $7 billion of the $12 billion is related to our credit funds, that's capital that's been raised, committed and will begin paying fees when it's deployed. So you'd expect that to kind of steadily work its way in over time. The same is true of the Hedge Fund Solutions piece, which is one of the -- they have drawdown structures within Hedge Fund Solutions that we'll also draw down over time. Real Estate and Private Equity is more transaction driven where, over time, they have reserve capital and other capital that they will deploy that will come in. So if that full fees in all those cases and the pacing, we think, will be relatively steady.
Laurence A. Tosi: I think, Roger, I think you're -- there's 2 concepts that you're mixing. The first one was Steve made a comment about that traditionally, and we've done research going back almost 20 years, that traditionally, the market we have before we go into an exit event is typically 20% to 30% below. The reason for that is under the mark-to-market rules, you can't take into consideration things like option premiums, et cetera. So there's inherent conservatism, if you will, built in marks. That's true in Real Estate and Private Equity. And Real Estate transactions take longer to get done, so typically, you have an earlier price indication. But separate and apart from that, well I think it was Tony's comment about that in the fourth quarter of 2012, BCP V had very strong returns, about 7%, and that actually pushed the total change in enterprise value necessary to cross the threshold down from 13% last quarter to 12% this quarter. So we're making progress against that. So they were 2 totally separate things, and I apologize if they got confused.
