Tony James: Okay. Craig, it’s Tony. We don’t have any plans for European PE fund right now. And I am not sure Michael was saying there is better opportunities in Europe in PE now. I think he was referring more towards real estate and credit than PE.
Tony James: Yes, sure. So, Patrick, we don’t need any changes in Washington to invest these funds, simply put. We think there are some things that the administration could do and would like to do that would really help America address its sorely underinvested infrastructure. And I think that’s in everyone’s interest. As you know, the American infrastructure costs the average family I think we say something like $360 a year in income just from last productivity. So, it’s good for all of America. We are hopeful they can do something. But our investment is not premised on any changes in Washington and that’s not necessary. And you should also know that, yes, new build infrastructure will be a part of the fund, but it will be a minority of the fund. Most of their fund will be more on core+ than in Greenfield stuff. We will also do some core. The beauty of this fund is that it can do the full spectrum of things. It can hold assets a long time and let them appreciate a long time, so you get high multiples of money and it can do things in scale that others can’t, but it’s not just a new build fund.
Tony James: Sure. Okay, Devin. Well, as you know, we already have a similar kind of arrangement with a company called Harrington. And so, this is not a new thing for us. We think that, in general, the insurance industry is underinvested in alternatives. And it’s a very big pool of assets and that over time, we will be able to provide services to that industry. And I hope it’s one of the sort of, frankly, many growth avenues we have.
Tony James: Well – yes, I mean, obviously, there is a hunger for yield instruments. And so we can get liabilities at an attractive rate, and we can make the spread. And what squeezes down to the CLO equity is pretty attractive by comparison of investors’ alternatives in this world. And so it’s good for the markets to provide the liquidity they provide. We make a – put a long-term home for these loans, and so – and we are in the business. So we are going to keep doing that as long as these conditions pertain. In terms of risk retention, yes, we have got risk retention now, we are – but we are very comfortable with the retention of these instruments that we have. We like the investment, frankly. It’s a good return on investment. So it hasn’t slowed us down at all. And I think the industry is working around that.
Tony James: Well, that’s – I must say, that’s getting a lot of attention here. We are increase – what we are increasingly seeing is the ability of new technology to disrupt all kinds of traditional industries where you wouldn’t think what happened. So I would say, the change going forward is much more focused on our part on technology disruption and is a generalization. And what are some of the implications of that. Particularly for industries that people used to think of we are safe from that. So as a generalization, I would say, that’s getting the most attention right now.
Tony James: Okay. Well, it’s Tony. There is – it’s obviously been a good fundraising cycle and particularly for private equity, there is a lot of capital that’s being raised and has been raised. And in general, there is just a whole lot capital sloshing around the world, looking for returns. And I think we are more impacted frankly by the aggregate in the public markets than the amount of private equity capital. Our business is to find needles in haystacks. That’s what we do. We are not really chasing public market values and we are not really that impacted by them. And our business is once we find the needle, it would have to be an asset into which we can intervene and change the course of EBITDA. So we create our own values so to speak as opposed to being slaves to the public market valuations. If you look at a lot of our investments, particularly in say private equity, you will see a lot of stuff with both no leverage, but they are not companies that trade, they are new build stuff. So in those things, we are getting in essentially at book value. So, our business is to find ways around the big trends and to buck those big trends and to disconnect our investors’ returns from the vasititudes of those megatrends that we can’t control. And we are still able to do that. And the activity – the high level of activity that we have had across our businesses in the first 6 months tells you that we are happy with what we are finding and I don’t see any reduction in IRRs versus what you have seen in the past.
Steve Schwarzman: Okay. Well, we really aren’t officially launched yet in the third-party fundraising. We expect that to start in the fall. And we expect closing, as Michael said, by the first part of 2018. We will see how it goes, but we are not launched yet, I don’t know. But I don’t think you think that our target is $20 billion out of the box. We are going to start with the target smaller than that. And then as we raise additional money, we will match the balance of the $20 billion over time.
Steve Schwarzman: Sure, happy to. So we have a fairly complex distribution system. It’s both decentralized and centralized. It’s both product-oriented and regionally oriented. So I am just going to take you through that a little bit. Generally speaking, when we set up a new product group, they tend to be discrete businesses, discrete teams, discrete management, discrete P&L and bonus risk and discrete distribution around their product area. Now that would be true – more true in the big markets, like the United States and Europe, which are mature, and where the LPs are highly specialized. In less mature markets, Asia, the Middle East, for example, Latin America, where the LPs are less specialized, then we have more of a regional coverage model. And so as we grow – as we go through our products, we are, of course, bulking up our regional teams just to handle more. And our products teams naturally bulk up in the mature markets as we add products, because they each have their own – some of their own marketing resources. And then in Joan’s theory, as she was talking about, that’s probably the fastest growth in our distribution. That’s why it’s growing as a percentage of our AUM. And she is doing the biggest build up of all. And, of course, that is a central group that, on a global basis, distributes all – products for all the groups. So in a nutshell, we build distribution, not only along with the new products, we build it ahead of the new products.
Steve Schwarzman: Well, so – I think this is something – yes, we are specifically targeting for a couple of reasons. First of all, for investors, having – if the compounding – the 0 interest rates have pulled down the compounding rates that investors can get. And a way for them to compensate from the loss of high compounding rates is to put money out at a little lower rates of return but longer durations. And ultimately – and if they do that well, they actually get richer at the end of the day than these yo-yo kind of drawdown funds where they get very high compounding rates for short holding periods. So we think it’s an investor’s interest, first and foremost, which is why we are doing it. Beyond that, from our firm, it’s powerful. It’s powerful because it gives a very stable asset base. It gives us an asset base which generally grows with net asset value, not just management fees on the commitment up front. Thirdly, we don’t have to – we – the irony of drawdown funds is you are often obligated to sell your best assets earliest to harvest those gains. We love to hold our winners, so it allows us to do that, but then NAV grows, and we get growing management fees. And it allows us to take our incentive fees more gradually and more smoothly over time. So, all of those things make it good for us. So I think it’s good for our LPs first and foremost, but it’s also good for us. So yes, generally speaking, we see moving the firm towards more and more permanent capital vehicles. And I think you will see them growing as a percentage of AUM. But we have a very large drawdown business and it’s hard to see permanent capital ever being – which is robust and growing also. So it’s hard to see permanent capital ever being more than, you said, half, I don’t see it ever quite getting there, but we will see how it plays out.
Steve Schwarzman: Yes. Well, we are going to – we have moved half a dozen key people, including the group head from other parts of the firm. We have got couple of three partners in there now that we have moved internally as well as some support people. We are going to be adding without side hires some other partners with expertise, in particular, silos, a world-class operating partner that I think will just knock the people’s socks off and some other things like that. So we are going to be in investment spending mode for a while, certainly for the balance of ‘17 and for – in my opinion for most of ‘18. But we will have to see a little bit how the combination of the new hiring mashed up against the pace of fundraising and the pace of deployment, all that goes into the mix. But I think you should assume that for ‘17 and ‘18, it’s not going to add to our earnings.
Steve Schwarzman: Glenn, we have got about $7 billion of dry powder in the energy funds, just to answer your last piece of question.
Steve Schwarzman: Yes. Okay. We are going to be in the deployment business right away. In fact, we are already having incoming opportunities. And we will find – if there’s an interesting deal on a rich-reward basis, we will find a way to do it. We have interested investors, frankly. We have had a lot of conversations. We are short of a fund close where you got to herd a lot of cats we got people that are ready to go now. So we will be able to do deals as they come. We will have, probably, as I mentioned, either later this year or early next year, an official close with a bunch of investors. And we will – but we will be up and running in the business, ready to put money out this year. In terms of – I don’t think it’s going to be the hugest impact of ‘18 because of the invest spending. And we are one of those businesses where you build the infrastructure, you build the team, that takes some of the investment. But once it’s there, this is very powerful.
Steve Schwarzman: We are not – but when you say we may be a little wedge in the market, we would be part of an investment solution in a target date fund. I am not saying that we are going to manage the whole target date fund.
Michael Chae: Hi, Michael. It’s Michael Chae. I guess just to put a frame around that, beneath the surface of over the last couple of years, a stable performance fee receivable balance, obviously, there have been a couple of really good things happening, appreciation and sales. And so – for example, take the last 6 quarters at the end of 2015, the balance was $3.25 billion. Today, it’s $3.29 billion, which is stable to slightly growing. Well, how that happened was $2.4 billion of performance fee income of growth and $2.4 billion of distributions. So we are, like, happy about both those things. That’s our model. So our model is to produce stable to growing – performance fee receivables, there will be ups and downs over time through creating value and returning value. And so we expect to continue to execute against that model.
Michael Chae: Yes, Mike, it’s Michael. Just to put the flows and some context, it’s a great question. First, as you noted, we typically do see seasonally higher redemptions in the second quarter. Second, I think fundamentally it’s important to note that flows and redemptions lag performance. And what you are seeing here is obviously that sort of perfect storm of challenges in the hedge fund industry overall, playing out in the last two, three, four quarters in terms of flows. And that can reverse itself and we expect it to following periods of good performance which we have seen over the last four quarters. And so more specifically and let’s break apart sort of our retail individual investor solutions area and in our traditional institutional area. On the IIS retail area, the lag is sort of naturally shorter given the daily liquidity character of the products. And sure enough in late 2016, first quarter ‘17, we did see elevated redemptions in that area. However, we are also seeing – we saw in the second quarter and we are seeing it kind of in real time that those flows have turned the corner. We have had great performance. That mutual fund was up – BXMIX was up around 8%. Actually, Morningstar, if you look on their website, has just awarded us a 5-star rating. And that segment returned to healthy net inflows in the second quarter and we continue to see strengthening of those flows for sort of the balance of the year. Conversely, in the institutional area, the decision-making and lag effect is a little slower. You have a tough first half. Investment committees of institutions make decisions around year end. Then there is a notice period. So, I think what you saw in the second quarter was sort of actually that playing through in the institutional and our traditional fund of funds area. But look, stepping back, I’d say the outlook is very positive for us in terms of momentum. We noted in the 8-K, we have July 1 inflows that aren’t AUM about $0.5 billion. Retail, I mentioned, has turned the corner. And in that traditional area, we have very significant mandates that we have won that are being tapered and are not yet reflected in AUM in the order of kind of $2 billion plus. And if you look overall at our business, our AUM is still up, 6% year-over-year with that – with very good performance that you noted. And in terms of industry position which has never been better of the top 5 hedge fund allocators, we were the only one with positive growth in 2016. We are number one and we are more than 2x than our next competitor in size. So I would sort of give you that overall picture.
Michael Chae: Sure, Glenn. In terms of – let’s start with exposure and I think either from you or someone else in the last quarter, we got that question and I answered. It’s about 10% of the firm overall in terms of AUM and it’s about 20% of the private equity in GSO segments in aggregate. And those percentages remain the case. Within that, obviously, we are very diversified by sector, upstream, midstream, power, renewables, and those have very different stories and reactions or non-reactions to commodity price movements. We also have private investments and public investments. So, it’s not a monolith. Things under – within the portfolio behave differently. In terms of what happened in the quarter, the punch line to your question is it was a relatively manageable impact on performance, even in those segments that were affected and a quite modest impact on ENI. So in private equity, on balance, it was actually sort of slightly positive or neutral contributor to ENI in the second quarter. Although relative to the degree of higher positive appreciation in our non-energy portfolio, it did have a slightly dilutive impact on the overall performance and returns. In GSO again, we are modestly more impacted on performance and ENI, but it was not material from an ENI standpoint to the overall scope of the firm. It’s important to note that all of the impacts were unrealized marks, not realized marks in either business and those marks were based not on company issues, but on commodity price fluctuation that we reflected appropriately. So, we feel good about the portfolio. We feel, in general, in terms of the cost basis, the breakevens, the quality of the assets, private equity in terms of the investments being un-levered or relatively lowly levered, and so forth. But look, that said, we are going to watch this and as commodity price fluctuate or stay at depressed levels, we will watch that carefully.
Michael Chae: Across both private equity and GSO, but that’s really kind of energy-dedicated dry powder. There is other general pools of capital that are also available.
Michael Chae: Brian, let me put some added color on that. Some of our distribution is constructed to actually harness existing distribution system, as Joan mentioned. And – but up against them, an interface flawlessly with them in terms of systems, training and everything else, where we train other people’s brokerage for example. Other aspects of the distribution system that we have, and Joan is building, are direct distribution, where you go direct to the client. Those are more rifle shot. They are not the mass-market, obviously. They tend to be bigger things. We would never really dependent on other people’s distribution for our product in replacement for ours. Because our – we feel we can do this really well, we want people really, really knowledgeable and well trained about our products, especially. Our products are specialty products, that’s kind of the definition of alternatives. And so I think we’re going to depend on our own distribution. However, I do think the big prize out there, that we have talked about in the past calls, is marrying our high – absolute-return, illiquid products with some sort of – it could be active, but probably passive, and packaging those in target date funds are something like the 401(k) market. And I think there are trillions of need for our products, as part of an investment solution. And that I think is a big price, and that is something that we are doing a lot of thinking about. Let me just put it that way.
Michael Chae: Well, okay, they are different but – so let me generalize across the two. We are seeing an awful lot of interesting deployment opportunities in both. Now by definition, core private equity will be lumpier and more episodic because you are buying fewer bigger assets in the fund. So it’s very hard to do an average, I just – I don’t think it would mean much. You maybe have to assume something for your model, but I will let you work with less than on that. In core+ real estate, there’s a lot of granular assets, and that’s steadier, I would say that you have seen the deployment pace. And I don’t see any reason that, that changes radically. As the way – and by the way, the structure of those two funds is different too. I think you know that, but if you want Weston to take you through how the two work in terms of money raised, money deployed, one’s a drawdown fund, if you will, and one’s an open-ended fund where you get a queue of investors and then take the money as you find the deal, so there’s some differences there. But I will leave that – I will leave you to Weston on that one.
