Joan Solotar: Good morning and happy summer, and welcome to our second quarter 2013 conference call. I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO, who is calling in from Europe; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, CFO; and Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Earlier this morning we issued a press release and a slide presentation illustrating our results, hopefully you have that and it's also available on our website. And we will then file the 10-Q in a few weeks. So I would like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. And we don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on the call and for reconciliations for those refer to the press release. I'd also like to remind you that nothing on the call constitutes an offer to sell or solicit as an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone funds. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported economic net income, or ENI, of $0.62 for the second quarter, that's up sharply from $0.19 in the second quarter of last year, mostly driven by higher management fees and higher performance fees in every one of our businesses. Distributable earnings were also up $0.28 for the second quarter, that's 73% increase from last year's second quarter. And for the year-to-date period, distributable earnings were $0.62 per unit, which was nearly double the prior year period. As always, if you have any questions on anything in the earnings materials, please call me or Weston after the call. And because we do have a lot of folks dialed in, if you could limit your initial questions to one or two and then just get back in the queue. Thanks. And now I'll turn it over to Steve Schwarzman.
Joan Solotar: And as it relates to the whole time itself, I think it's fairly typical when you are buying at distressed assets you know, the rise can happen faster and so the hold time can be shorter. As we talked about for assets that were bought in ‘06, ‘07, perhaps the hold time has been longer than typical.
Joan Solotar: So we actually announced this week that we will be rolling out a product, we can't really talk about distribution partner and all that yet, you'll hear from us in the future but it's a product that we're really excited about. It took a very long time to figure out, we think, we're unique in the ability to execute this, the way we are given on our positioning in the hedge fund solutions space, I mean it's an exciting product, it's probably a bit early to say much more given that the rollout hasn't happened.
Joan Solotar: Yeah, if you look at -- just comparing, just their seasonalities, I think it's good to look year-over-year, this year's second quarter we had net flows of about $1.6 billion, last year's second quarter, we had net flows a little over $400 million. So we're not seeing momentum slow.
Joan Solotar: And I think to add to that what's also positive is that the increases are good increases on top of what were large increase last year, so it's not like you have easy comparison, we've just continued to see good growth.
Joan Solotar: Recently you probably saw there was an announcement of an acquisition of one of our publicly traded Team Health -- Vanguard sorry, where year ago it was trading at 8 and we have an all cash bid for 21. And that's I think just factored in obviously into remark.
Joan Solotar: I mean just generally speaking, if you look at markets in the third quarter to date, I mean they're all up solidly and that's true across every sector.
Joan Solotar: Chris, I will say just based on the incoming questions, we -- everyone is asking about interest rates, concerned about interest rates, so I might disagree somewhat. And I think there wasn't a clear, and maybe there still isn't a fully clear understanding of how GSO is positioned, that's private market transactions, that is floating rate that they actually benefit in a rising rate environment and we even thought with the Blackstone Mortgage Trust which is commercial mortgages, initially that got hit with the residential rates where you're trying to play a curve, and you know here we're not again its floating rate, they have in their queue for every 100 basis points increase in rates as a commensurate increase in income. So hopefully there's a better understanding today than there was two weeks ago but I still think we have a way to go.
Steve Schwarzman: This is Steve. I don't think our life cycle have changed materially. What's happening is, you know, when we buy things, you know, I guess our approach is buy it, fix it and sell it. And you know that happens over periods that vary slightly with changes in economic activity and so you are seeing that accelerate in the US because we started buying very large amounts of real estate really about three years ago in real scale and we've been the largest purchaser in the world with vastly exceeding, vastly, multiples than anyone else. The cycle is changing now in Europe where that will be an investment cycle that will take longer to come out of by the nature of the underlying European economy which is evidencing virtually no growth. Asia will have another cycle still because it's continuing to grow but its experiencing real estate credit shortages as some of those economies grow slower and the economies generate other problems besides just real estate developers who can't sell out projects. So I don't think we are experiencing something slower, we are just dealing with the maturation cycles in different geographic areas.
Steve Schwarzman: And Briggsmore, we bought this company during the financial crisis particularly in Australia, the company didn't have as much as ability to invest in tenant improvement its vacancies was down and they made those investments vacancies have improved and as in more normalized type of business at this point and its appropriate to take that into market where it should trade in a satisfactory way.
Steve Schwarzman: Yeah. We have done a lot of the new hiring and a lot of investment spending in some of these to support the growth you've seen, but also to support future growth initiatives that we averted we are starting to roll out.
Steve Schwarzman: Okay. Let's see, higher rates are connected to stronger economic activity I think it's a net positive across our business, both for the portfolio and for new investing. If higher rates come in a weak economic environment that would be, I don't see that happening but that would be, I might give a different answer to that. And then part of it is what happens to the equity market so are higher rates associated with much lower stock market, that would negatively impact realizations. If higher rates are associated, rates go up gradually and associate with stronger economies and a strong stock market then that wouldn't. So it's not just rates, so I guess is what I'm saying it kind of depends of what's going on with the other factors. On balance, I think we're really well positioned in our portfolio of existing assets to benefit from the conditions that are likely to prevail and rates go up. And higher rates will definitely help us on the reinvestment, on the new investment activity. And then we have a lot of products which are actually benefit from our rates, because they're flowing rates like our BXMT, our Blackstone Mortgage Trust for example, it's all floating rate, higher rates, higher dividends for shareholders, the value should go up, it shouldn't go down. So, it's kind of a mix picture, in terms of the impact on LPs again I don't see a change in their allocations, I mean they are expecting not to earn very much on fixed income. So I suppose, if rates went up high enough, fixed income would look attractive, but on the other hand, they'll take a lot of mark to markets that will be very, very painful. So, if a sharp and significant increase in rates is probably not good, because they'll have markdowns that will get into asset allocation issues, and they'll look at fixed income as having a more attractive go forward return, based on the surveys we've done of LPs, they've been thinking in the treasuries and investment grades, will future returns will be somewhere between 0 and 2% on their fixed income portfolio. They've been thinking that equity markets go forward returns be something in the 6% range. So no matter how you mix those you know 50, 40 or two-thirds, one-third, no matter what mix you put on public securities, you get a low single-digit return if you are a big institution and that just doesn't get on there, if you are a pension fund that doesn't pay for your liabilities. So that's why they are shifting the alternatives and I don't see rates going up enough to change that.
Steve Schwarzman: On this interest rate comment, people get very worried about this and the type of worry that's appropriate is a Volcker type of reaction to inflation, where in early ‘80s Volcker just broke the back of inflation by just driving rates to a point with the economy faltered and he got inflation under control. When we talk about rising rates in this environment, we have extremely low levels of inflation. And so rising rates ought to be a very moderate type of phenomenon and it's clearly being micro managed by the fed to not really hurt an economic recovery. In that type of world, what Tony is saying, is absolutely true. And if you look at the firm's performance over years, you will see that because we are such large owners of operating assets at the firms who are funds that we do much better when those assets earn more money and the economies are growing than we do with any minor movements in cap rates and real estate or multiples. To get multiples to really come in, in the stock market you've really got to jam on interest rates. And I don't think the pre-conditions for that actually exist today. So I could proceed with the gradual increase in rates exceeded by growth in the economy, that's a good thing for us and it is in itself positioned, it has always been a good thing for us at the firm.
Steve Schwarzman: Sure. Okay, well, so it's both existing products and its existing forms being offered to retail investors as well as new products in new forms. And it's very hard to say, none of us would look at the retail market as being homogenous, I mean we have, like you know you can stagnant the market, I mean some of them are like family offices where we talk to the CIOs, the family offices and it feels an awful lot like an institution and maybe very similar to existing products, all the way down to sort of closed end funds or mortgage REITs where an unsophisticated investor can buy 100 shares for $1000. And it's everything in between and so. And then on top of that we are thinking about new structures and things like that to embed our products and other things. And so it's really across the board. And as I mentioned, we are at the early stages of that. And I'm not sure that totally answers the question, but let me just get you the second part and then you can come back if I didn't. And strategic partner fits really well into that I think, I mean strategic partners, it's a great I think retail products, it's a great institutional products too, but I think it really appeals to retail investors. Why? Because when they start drawing down, they instantly start paying cash returns every quarter after that because they are buying mature funds that are in their harvesting periods. So an investor gives money and starts getting “yield” right away and the investment cycle is quicker. They get their money put to work quicker and they get it back quicker and that appeals to retail investors. They care about liquidity, they care about current yield. And you know their fund returns have been spectacular. So I think that's a really good retail product and one of the real appeals we saw in that acquisition, they were part of Credit Suisse and they got head access and great support from the Credit Suisse retail system, but of course they weren't getting distribution from many other retail systems for obvious reasons. As part of Blackstone, we expect to be able to continue to distribute to Credit Suisse investors but also to other firms' investors. And so that I think one of the synergies that we so to speak that we identify and it's a great product and doesn't overlap with anything and it have wonderful, consistent top quartile returns in the sort of like consistent with private equity. So good product. Other acquisitions, yeah, we've got some other things that we're looking at, nothing that we're close to doing, but I think conceptually there are some interesting things out there.
Steve Schwarzman: It is helpful Roger, just on that to Tony's point, obviously its longer cycle over time, what we tend to look at from a trend basis is kind of gross realizations, whatever that may be, it may be capitalizations, may be current income, may be sales and we look at it over a relatively long tail and on that basis the number of transactions and actually the realized amount has increased quite fairly. Let me just give you a couple of numbers, this is actually I'm going to give you for the whole firm because I think this question has been asked in different ways over the course of the call, just to give you an idea. In the first half of 2012, we saw 64 deals produce cash generation of about $4.5 billion. In the second half of 2012 that number went to 86 transactions and $8.6 billion. In the first half of this year, it's been a 105 deals and $12.6 billion. So while its very lumpy, as the fundamentals increase you can start to see a longer term trend and you have to look at it that way and by the way real estate follow that so when they were, they basically double the amount of transactions and capital that over the last 12 months is actually generating, when it will happen? As Tony said, hard to tell, but that steady trend is increasing and you can see it in our numbers. And we are still in the virtuous part of the realization cycle in a general way.
Steve Schwarzman: Well, I think, Jeff, in the US, that's happening. It's not like all the distress is gone by any means but markets are healthier, properties are doing better and private markets are very accommodating. So in the US, that's starting to happen and there's definitely less distress then there was a year ago. In Europe, well, I don't think that's happening and to the contrary, there's been a lot of stress in Europe but people are starting but -- I think it's just starting to loosen up and in one sense of people are starting to face that and want to sell assets and want to move assets. And also there were a number of, in some cases there were number of temporary patches put on where creditors cut a bar, or some slack or extended some things and those are coming up again and borrowed during a hard time renewing that. So, we're seeing the bank start to sell more in Europe and that activity level is high and then I would say in Asia it's a bit different, it's just - there's the well publicized credit squeeze that's going on in China, but it's also happening in India and it's happening in Brazil and it's happening in some other places. And so real estate financing is kind of drying up in those markets and that's opening some opportunities. So it's locus has shifted a little but in the US I think your perception is right the distress is waning.
Steve Schwarzman: Okay, well. So, there are obviously, we've got, we filed bricks more today and we're out of real estate, we got some other things to sell our real estate, we've got 3 IPOs on file -- file for a private equity, we still. We're obviously think that before the right asset, this is a good environment, this is a good environment to start seeking some exits. But it's not and we're doing that. But there are other assets like just take Hilton for example, when you can have that kind of growth and EBITDA, with the kind of leverage capital structure, that is on that company, the equity accretion is tremendous. And you kind of want to let your winners run a little bit because you're accreting a lot of value for your shareholders every quarter and we think Hilton's a great company and we think that we'll have plenty of exit options, we'll have recap options, we'll have M&A options, we'll have IPO options, we'll have all kinds of things. So we're not in any rush, we don't feel like, we feel like it is all, it's about there, you're are looking at the current market conditions and you're also looking at the fundamental growth of equity value company, we are trying to balance those. And so I think that, I guess I was saying that, I think we've got we don't see any the window is shutting right away and indeed you might get a hotter, as economy improves and corporations get more confident about the future, you might see the corporate change the control market, the M&A market get hotter and that might accrue to our benefit. So I think what I meant by the virtuous part of the cycle was that so much trying to predict markets but in terms of what was going on with our markets, are pretty good, a, so the avenues are open and b, in terms of what was going on with our assets that coming to the stable and particularly on real estate, and that was ours, we have this buy it fix, sell it, our operations there, a lot of the assets are getting to the fixed stage when they would normally look to exit and the windows are open and I think we're going to have another 12 to 18 months of good activity on that.
Tony James: I think you will see in general across all of our businesses and in rising markets, what happens is, when we make an investment, we have a target value that we think is sort of an intrinsic value and we try to buy below intrinsic value in down markets and then in rising markets sometimes, the value to get up to that level quicker whether it's private equity, real estate credit, all of them. And so you will see holding periods coming in a little bit in rising markets and extend in declining markets and it's kind of depends on how quickly we can get assets and realize what we think is fair intrinsic value.
Tony James: Well, let me tackle that, Michael. First of all, I can't comment on Briggsmore as you know it's publicly filled. So we're very limited on what we can say on that. But I think one of the things about real estate is we have the options about take some of these platforms that we have created public so Briggsmore with the bulk of it was bought one thing but then we have added on that another pieces and then we have a management team there. So we can be operating company but also depending on the assets you could also sell off assets piecemeal or and so we have a lot of flexibilities to how we do that. I think there is still more value to come in real estate, but there are some assets that are getting near their intrinsic value, and when its public stock, you got to go to public. We try of leave; we actually try to price our public offerings at a bargains of the initial IPO buyers, So that the stocks trade up and people are happy and so we don't generally sell much or any of our ownership when it want to actually IPOs. So usually we start, we take it publically a little well in advance of the time we actually expect to be harvesting most of our capital and at lower prices than we want.
Tony James: But what we can say is, it essentially for retail investors, it will give them access to some of the leading hedge fund managers but still preserve their ability to have daily liquidity and daily marks. So that was a bit of the trick, it's accomplishing both those things and we think we've done that. So we hope -- and we have a strong distribution partner. We hope it works. It will be well received.
Tony James: No I think it's the same, exactly the same picture we've seen and in fact you know in general that business it's just, it's a lower risk way to participate in markets. So that business shines when markets get lumpy, volatile or in terms of relative performance or go down. And when you have very hot bull markets it lags a little bit. So I mentioned in my press call that, we're just in the second quarter when the global equity markets were down about 2% our hedge fund solutions composite was up about 1%, so in one quarter 300 basis points outperformance. And we do that with generally speaking somewhere between a quarter and a third of a volatility of the public markets. So and if you look at how that product has performed in the worst, 10 worst down months of the last five years, I think our investors have about broken even in those months whereas the public markets are down high single digits on average, in those months. So it's really, it's a lower risk way to play the markets, and but when you look at -- so while it might lag the performance a little in the up markets, when you look at the relative performance of that product versus the public markets, through the full cycle, because you don't have the down lags, even if you give a little on the upside, we've tended to outperform public equity markets with lower risk and that's the beauty of that product. So, with investors are really positive and really ebullient, I wouldn't at some point the flows might slow down a little bit but we're still getting a great reception across the board.
Tony James: If whole fee-related earnings are up, [fee-related] assets are up 18% year-over-year, don't also I think what's important with this business and as Tom went through on Investor Day, a key trend that continues is a lot of the inflows and strength are towards their customized products and some of their newer strategies that they're rolling out. So that very positive trend for that business and (Inaudible) for the stickiness of their assets to use that compression continues.
Tony James: Your question about how we feel about the IPOs we've done, I think you know look we never feel the public markets quite appreciate the beauty of our children, but I would say generally speaking the experience has been good and maybe it's just because we went through a period of time where the experience was terrible. And so just, it's just much better now but and terrible only it is very hard to get in public, the prices were low, it was just or kind of felt like a battle and then a little while later the stocks are way higher and you just feel like you didn't have very good execution on the IPO process or so. Here I think we feel good about, we did PBF the refinery company. We did Pinnacle Foods, we did SeaWorld. Our (inaudible) residential mortgage REIT, we did our own mortgage REIT; we got some other things coming out of real estate and private equity. So I think all-in-all, if these markets hold up in this environment, we feel very good about it.
Tony James: We're really pleased with that actually. We're really pleased with that. Sure, you know, as the capital markets advisory is added revenues and it's kind of another little line of business for us which is quite profitable and so on but what makes me really pleased about is, I feel like we're getting much more insight into the IPO process much better matter ability to execute for our limited partners, much more informed and we have more expertise internally to make the right judgments when the chips are down. So, I think it's a win-win. It's a win for our shareholders, it's a win for our limited partners and that's work out really well.
Tony James: Okay. Well there is a lot of specifics there. So in general in our real estate portfolio I'll just start with that. Depreciation 5.9% last quarter was driven by the operating results the NOI, not by changes in cap rates and things like that. Now we do have some public holdings in that which will drive the public markets as well. On cap rates, cap rates has been low but not really because base rates are low, [treasury] rates are low, but the spreads over the base rates had not been low. So as the economy goes up and as the real estate market intrinsically gets stronger and with construction so limited of new construction, I would expect spreads as base rates go up spreads come in a little bit and can cushion the blow of higher treasury rates if that happens. And then at the same time, you are getting the higher occupancies and the higher rents and the stronger outlook and so I actually think that scenario of an improving, as just as Steve was saying that scenario of improved economy associated with somewhat higher interest rates net that will play through the portfolio to add value, okay. I think that's important. As the specifics, the hotel RevPARs are averaging up about 6% the last quarter. The office, I'd say, every market, every single office market is improving, some are improving faster than others, some are flattish but not every single office is proving to a greater or lesser degree, when I look at the retail, you can see the (Inaudible) centers, our bricks and mortgage you see, how that's doing, they're all, but all of the retail businesses again all retail sales looked like they're coming up and across the board as reflected in our centers. Warehouses, so in another, it's another industrial as we it, it's another big area, again all across the board coming up. And then housing, obviously is the big one too for us and I commented on that earlier, but again, prices gone up over 1% a month. So, I think it's pretty much across the board, we can dig into whatever metric you want and whatever asset class you want, but the picture is the same and it's not only across asset class, it's the same in Southern California or Northwest or Boston or Washington or just sort of all the markets we're it's the same picture. And it's really driven by the factors, just very, very limited new supply and it doesn't take much economic growth to start, to drive this and we've got enough economic growth and we've got enough with not only supply, they have this look like a very favorable supply demand balance for several years. Because the new supply can't come on over night, particularly if you're going about office thing, it take years and so we've got pretty good visibility on the runway and it looks pretty good for the next few years for us.
Tony James: (inaudible) and Steve talked about -- I think where our EBITDA is plus 17% for the first quarter, so its gives you a flavor for what can happen.
Tony James: And I don't forget, there is a little bit of an odd thing that happens when you get over that hurdle for a while, you may have a catch up period where a disproportionate percentage of the net gains go to the shareholders and that real estate had that a couple of quarters ago. And so you've got some not totally linear things happening around the hurdle.
Tony James: Really, and I am not sure that we, I am not sure that was a fair impression, I don't think we have, it's hard to forecast very specifically realization of that and we really don't do that. We have a general idea of how our property is maturing and when we expect it to go to market. Ours been in a couple of instances things have popped a little sooner in real estate and in some instances there are assets where it might take a little longer, but I don't think it fundamentally changed, but it's lumpy, it's not going to be, we are in a period of time where you can expect to see real estate realizations growing and a fair amount of them over the next 12 months to 18 months but predicting which quarter and what order and what kind of ramp is just not, sort of not doable, it's too market dependent.
Tony James: Roger, I don't think I've said that actually, but and I don't, I can't get in to the terms of it now, and frankly I don't even know all the details of it. So I really can't go further other than to say it combines access for this purpose until it's fully unveiled, I'd just like to keep it combined. It allows the investors to have the daily liquidity features that they want but gives them access to some top hedge fund managers which they also should want, they hope they will.
Tony James: Well, it depends on what you're comparing it to. It was pretty good in the beginning of Q2 and then of course June was a little bit choppier, and now it's back to where it was, so I think yeah, so I guess by comparison of June is definitely improved. I don't know that it's much different from the April, May timeframe it was pretty good.
Laurence Tosi: No. I think it was relatively ordinary quarter, any of the anomalies were really quite small and it wasn't related to fund raising, it sustain comp ratio year-over-year. I would say the business mix is a little different, because advisory had a stronger quarter.
Laurence Tosi: Okay, well. I agree. Why in regards, you probably have this in the form of opinion as I do, my own view is companies are uncertain about their futures and I think there are certain, and I think a lot of that uncertainty M&As from regulatory in Washington frankly and we're talking about the US and the rules are changing, they not sure what that does to the economy or we're going to have another crisis over the debt ceiling in the fall, what that's going to do one thing and other. So I think companies in the US or sitting on the sidelines that are happy to be in cash, they're happy to be secure. And I think that is one factor, then I think some of the exciting markets that people are all hot about, generally speaking, the BRIC markets are all showing issues right now all over the BRICs are. So a lot of the acquisition activity, corporations have done with -- has been to drive growth and a lot of it has been to buy -- make investments in those market, those markets are looking like they have some issues and so as I think M&A is going to stay restrained. Now our portfolio companies in general don't do a lot of M&A, except around the ones that are consolidation plays and those continue to rollout, we continue to make consolidating acquisitions, but they are small, you're not going to see those in terms of moving the needle or getting a lot of or any press.
Laurence Tosi: All right, we keep proven when Tony and I meet every Monday with our real estate [views] about economic softness, because it's a potential indicator for us to help think for issues with other of our business lines. And as consistently as we ask the questions, are we seeing softness here, are we seeing softness there. The answer that comes back is no, we're not things are good for us, it's a very straight forward snappy reply, and Tony gave you the pieces of it, but there is sense of what we're seeing in theoretically, the things are strong in that area.
Laurence Tosi: On average over, we looked at it for 10 years and it's close to between 25% and 30% and in a better market like this Tony if you can higher. So if you look at SeaWorld and performance, they were both up, one was up 50% and one was up 70% versus our mark in the prior quarter before the IPO.
Laurence Tosi: So partly is that, but partly it's just all these companies they are lean when results, when revenues start to grow again a lot falls to the bottom line and then you've got leverage capital structures and that value accretes to the equity to really, really fast. So BCP III I think at some point with one point was mark down to less than half of I think cost and it ended up being a couple over two times cost. So there is a lot of upside in these portfolios when the world turns.
Laurence Tosi: There is actually, there is two separate questions there. One is for the fund investors and then one is for the public. When the funded self-structure accruing performance fees and then the realization after that you begin to see the cash realizations push through to the public investors. Today given the activity in the portfolio, when we were talking about the increase of 5 billion overtime, just to give you an idea, over the last 12 months there has been about 3.4 billion of cash and in different ways return to the investors in that fund and that's either from realizations, capitalizations or current income. So that level is already occurring in an increasingly rapid pace. And once that does come through the hurdle, once you get over the hurdle, then you'll see the accruing of carrier at to parent company and then you'll see it also go through to cash.
