Stephen A. Schwarzman: The core+ business is really a terrific business. We have an enormous flow here at the firm as the largest real estate investor in the world and we see a variety of really interesting things to invest in. And as a result of that, we can sort of pick our shots of really attractive investments. And the prospects for growth in that business are huge just because the asset class within the institutional investment community and also at some point, as we move into the retail chain of distribution with this, should be able to create a really very large-scale business. And it becomes indifferent. Individual asset classes, whether it's a significant-sized office, which can be improved and re-tenanted and take advantage of renovation. And it depends where in the country if you're doing U.S., what you want to be buying, there's still a lot of opportunity in that area because Real Estate is such a giant asset class. There are buildings outside of every – every office building you look at, there are buildings everywhere. And we find plenty of it with no difficulty.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: The other thing I would say on that is if you take Tony's description of the model, and you have superior organic growth of a significant degree and you put leverage on it to enhance that, then you should get way, way better returns than the S&P and the firm has compounded in these areas at about double the S&P rate for 30 years. So this is not a one-time audition. This is structural issue that's we believe enduring and 30 years is pretty good proof of concept.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Yeah. I might just add a couple of points there. Remember, for non-U.S. assets, which is a very substantial portion of the new investments in Real Estate, it's affected by currencies. Even those in local currencies you'd see consistently strong performance. Secondly, on the assets we're selling, I would say the bids are still very good. We're seeing no softness whatsoever. We're seeing no turn in rents or occupancies. So, it all feels good to us.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I think that there's a reevaluation going on in the Hedge Fund sector given some of the fee structures and some of the performance. And so, we expect the industry itself to shrink as people who want to be in that sector are more selective in terms of who they work with. And thus far, this has been a good trend for us because we're an acknowledged expert in that field. We've avoided virtually every blowup in terms of individual analysis of hedge funds whether they were made to offset some of the other well-known things. And as people enter that asset class, what we're seeing is they're extremely interested in working with us. So, this will be some period of evolution in that field, both fee structure as well as aggregate assets and they'll be applied to quality. In our view, what we're seeing is that that's advantageous for us.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I'd say that we're not big buyers in Real Estate in secondary and tertiary markets. And one of the reasons we've been able to have really remarkable results in Real Estate is you have to pick your asset class but you got to pick your regions where you're doing things. So, I would say, we are dramatically underrepresented in secondary markets and I don't know of any part of our Real Estate business that even touches a tertiary market from like being involved with approving all the deals. So, our business is not Real Estate across the board, everywhere. We're highly selective in what we do and those calls have been really – they've been the right calls.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I think the biggest risk in Real Estate are over building. And when you get excess supply, and particularly if demand turns down, that's when you get crushed in Real Estate and we don't see that happening right now.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Well, this product was not offered broadly. I wanted to be clear about that. It was offered very selectively to sophisticated investors. And I think we've gotten a very good response. We're going to be over. We initially set our target of $5 billion, we'll be over that. And so, I think if we get that money invested well, it's got big potential like some of the Core Real Estate businesses. These are assets we anticipate holding for a long, long time. So, they will layer on and then continue to scale AUM but whether how big a fund at any one time of uninvested capital, I'm not sure because we're going to try to put that money to work reasonably, properly, we've got a shorter invested periods. So we raised it and put it to work, and we'll raise more into the layer on. It will be more like core+ Real Estate if you think about how it plays through the AUM than the normal drawdown fund.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Blackstone is regulated by the SEC. And the SEC has a variety of opinions on how to value things. And so, we have certain constraints on how we value things as a result of that. The fact that historically they turn out to be overly conservative is not something we can do much about.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I'd also say that these liquidity issues that affect mutual funds and other aggregators will make it more difficult for certain credit-oriented products to be – and securities to be held by these funds. This presents an enormous opportunity for us at GSO, assuming that we can attract the capital. And what should happen is that these liquidity issues should result in the value of certain types of lesser rated credit to gap out and provide a much higher level of return for GSO on products. And the scale of this opportunity from our preliminary thinking could be really very, very large because we're, in effect, replacing certain mutual fund investments with capital that's raised on a very long-term basis. So it's safe for us to be doing this, but the return should be higher and the demands for this capital to be supplied should really escalate. So I think it's one of these unintended consequences where it should provide really a very substantial opportunity to expand aspects of our GSO business.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I'd say yes, it provides more opportunities. And beyond that, I'd prefer not to comment. All these things are sort of long shots, if you will, because they involve cultures of different businesses and assessing the growth opportunities and having quality consistent with Blackstone. But you definitely see a lot more opportunities being tossed up in the air for us to assess as a result of this type of period.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I think the whole presidential situation is a little incomprehensible. So we really can't figure out much anything at this point. So I'll just leave it at that. It's certainly very animated set of discussions in almost everything. It's a very unusual set of presidential campaign dialogues.
Hamilton E. James: Let me jump in, Glenn. We bounce the money in and out by accumulating demand and then when we have opportunity, we call down that money and can buy the building. So it's always in balance. If some wants to sell, then we replace that selling shareholder with a new investor, so we retained the assets. Obviously, the power of this business is holding the assets forever – of the other businesses, the traditional drawdown funds are such treadmills because you raise the money, you invest them, and then you have to sell them and give the assets back. This, you don't have to do that, so it's just layers and layers and layers and continues to grow AUM. So I wanted to make that point. Secondly, the returns in this have been spectacular. Whereas this was not supposed to be the highest-returning fund, but last year, it was the highest returning Real Estate fund I think with 18%, 19%. This year first quarter was up 4.4%, I think we gave you a one point to 8% increase to our Real Estate. So, obviously, if you're buying higher quality buildings with less leverage, we're leveraging this to 50% and earning better returns, you can imagine the appeal of that, which what Steve was talking about. And then if you have actually lower return hurdles, another way to say that is you have lower cost of capital, and it opens up vast new opportunities to buy things if you have a lower cost of capital. All in all, we're pretty excited about the ability of this to ramp up.
Hamilton E. James: No, I don't think we're any more impatient investors. As I say, we wait till there's an interesting investment to draw down the money. It's not like we take the money and then it burns a hole in our pocket. That's more of a kind of issue with, say, the BDCs where you have to take the money and have to get it invested. That's not this. And you should know that investors do get a current yield, but there's a lot of appreciation baked into this process well. So, they want both.
Hamilton E. James: Yeah. Well, in general, remember that when we buy a company, we're supposed to bring value added. And I've said before, if we can't bring value add and we can't – there's not enough opportunities out there that the world's overlooked, and we're not enough smarter than other people just to find them and make a lot of money on huge amounts of capital. That's not really – that's not a sustainable business model. So what we have to do is buy companies and make them better run, higher margin, faster growing, better invested, better management teams, more productive, et cetera. And so that's what you're seeing. That's why our company should always grow faster than the S&P. Once our companies are mature, and we've done that, we've done our magic, it should then mirror the S&P pretty much. And at that point, we should be sellers, and we should go back into the public market or other exits. So, that's a general comment. As Michael mentioned, we have some energy, but it hasn't been that impactful. The currency is a bit net negative for us. We have some – but our portfolio is lumpy. So, for example, Hilton has been a big positive this quarter in EBITDA growth. So you have to unscramble the portfolio piece by piece, but I think the important thing to remember is the value added that we bring as operational investors that you can't lose sight of it. You shouldn't compare any private equity firm just to the S&P or you're not getting that operational interventions.
Hamilton E. James: No. I don't think we're going to have – Michael will answer your question but we're not at $7 billion of closings in Tac Ops this quarter. That's for sure.
Hamilton E. James: Yes. I can take that. So, a lot of that is GSO's Dry Powder. So, if you remember, GSO has fund structures that are turning management fees into capitals invested, so that was roughly $12 billion of the Dry Powder at the end of the quarter. And then also, with the new real estate, mezzanine fund was a big piece of that. And so, it's a little bit of core+, as you mentioned.
Hamilton E. James: Right. And it is a fact that in several of our most recent Private Equity and Real Estate flagship funds, you had two things happen, larger funds at higher effective management fee rates.
Hamilton E. James: Well, there's no one avoiding it, I don't think. I'd say we offer it selectively to our biggest, most core LPs, and they've liked it.
Michael S. Chae: Sure, Mike. It's Michael. On investment income, that metric does move around over time. The biggest driver comes back to the realizations and so – and it's in two parts, one is – or maybe three. One is the level of sort of gross realizations in the quarter, which was obviously lower. The second would be – actually the amount of gains, sort of the multiple of money in the given set of deals that we sold in that quarter. And that was actually a little bit lower than sort of the average multiple of money of the realizations in prior quarters. And then third is sort of the yields or the net of carry from those realizations based on which deals they were in which (37:47). And so, as you know, in BCP V, there are a number of different aspects to that. There's the catch-up. There's how much gain the deal produced and where it sits versus the accretive preferred return, et cetera, for that deal. So, that affects, in any given deal, sort of the carry yield. Now, when you step back, as I mentioned, BCP V, we've taken a lot of carry out of that, we and our shareholders. There's still a good amount to go and, hopefully, even more than what's carried on our balance sheet. But in any given quarter, any given deal, what we take out of it, it depends on that deal circumstances.
Michael S. Chae: For BAAM, in the fourth quarter, they're a small portion of their AUM, a smaller portion went below. And then in the first quarter, given it's being down – what, they were down a few percent – just a few percent puts a fair bit more substantial portion of the AUM below the high watermark. But if 3% down in the quarter taketh away, then reversing that obviously will take it back. And so it's a high percentage, but we're not far, hopefully, with – I think some of the guys would say kind of a few months performance – of good performance, good normal performance will bring us back.
Michael S. Chae: Thanks, Patrick. It's Michael. The short answer is we're not concerned. And I think Steve and I both mentioned, the operating performance in our portfolios and frankly the fundamentals for nearly all of the Real Estate sectors that we cover are very solid. You mentioned strategic hotels, I'll just say, in general, that when we sign a contract to sell a company, we don't necessarily, in fact, we usually don't sort of recognize all of the purchase price immediately into our marks, which we think is prudent. We might take some of it in, and then, as we get closer to closing, take all of it in. So, I just kind of point that discrete matter out. But back to the fundamentals, we feel really good about our portfolio. If you look around, the U.S., for example, the office market supply is still low, other than in a few select markets. U.S. retail supply low and performance good in our housing portfolio for us and kind of the sector overall. Supply is still at real lows relative to history and home price appreciation is very solid, mid-single-digits plus. So, I could go on and on and then talk about Europe or the industrial sector, where we have a big exposure is really actually got momentum. And sectors that we play in Asia on a select basis, we select because they're fundamentally strong. So, portfolio is very good and we do think about things in a appropriate way where, for example, if you pick one sector lodging in our – and it's a little bit like energy in our Private Equity portfolio where our privates were down and we took pain to mark them, kind of, carefully, appropriately. Meanwhile, the energy publics, kind of the score that the market was keeping was very positive. The lodging sector, I think, when we looked at our private marks, we're trying to be similarly cautious given there's a little bit more volatility around thinking in that sector in the broader market. But meanwhile, the public markets and our own publics in the lodging sector did great last quarter. So, don't over read into the appreciation. We think the state of our portfolio and the fundamentals in the market are generally good with certain indiscreet exceptions.
Michael S. Chae: Good morning. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Just wondering if you could comment on what drove the muted capital deployment in the Credit segment in 1Q, just because I would have thought you would have seen more activity given where bond and loan spreads went in the quarter.
Michael S. Chae: Yeah, Craig, we really can't talk about performance for that product. You can see on our investment record, some of the drawdown funds, how those move each period. But the BAAM composite reflects most of the business. It's all the customized and commingled for the most part. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thank you.
Michael S. Chae: Okay. Well, I'll take that, Bill. I don't think it affects our business much at all. We've never done an inversion. We've never premised a deal on it. It undoubtedly will affect M&A somewhat, already has. You've seen what happened to the Pfizer deal. But most of the M&A that's relevant to us is not Pfizer buying things, it's just much more manageable-sized companies and for the most part, they haven't been big inversion players.
Michael S. Chae: Okay. I'll take this one. We've basically, run our businesses and particularly the Hedge Fund business, which is where your focus is with fiduciary duty now. We have fiduciary duty to all the risk accounts already. So, we're living up to that standard. We don't depend on brokers putting clients into 401(k)'s for our products and anything. That's not our business model. So, from our standpoint, I don't think there's going to be an impact on this. It's discernible.
Michael S. Chae: What we love to do, Brian, is we love to buy a building that's got great bones and a great market but it's not well managed, fix it up like we do in Private Equity, fill it up. And then in the process of that, we convert bargains to Core Real Estate and capture all of the appreciation that comes with that at much lower discount rate.
Michael S. Chae: Yeah. I think we won't have that. I think Steve was alluding to future sort of size but second quarter we think will be quite good. We're working on a good quarter, we believe.
Michael S. Chae: BCP VII, some Tac Ops, some SP, strategic partners, BREP Europe V, BREDS III, some big – some nice chunky products in that number. And most of them will be lit up in the pretty near term.
Michael S. Chae: That is what will happen in terms of the step down. And so, directionally you're right. I think it'll be not like a violent line here in the next couple of quarters. It will tick back up in the fourth quarter. And as I mentioned, next year, we'll a full year BCP VII, as well being Core being activated and we're looking forward to that.
Michael S. Chae: Yeah. I agree with that. And our valuation process, which we think is a really good one. Real Estate has a different kind of character to it than Private Equity where you're looking at publicly traded comparable companies in the same industry. In Real Estate – and it's amazing process. If we're marking and valuing a group of office buildings in LA, you'll see in our evaluation process like a list of the last few years of trades of neighboring buildings. And John and the team will know exactly what that carry, how to compare the quality of the assets, and it's a different kind of process but a really rigorous one. So...
Michael S. Chae: Well, I think, there's a lot of elements in that. I mean, so some of it is mix, i.e., some new products that has higher fees than small products. Some of it were actually raising fees in certain areas based on superior performance. And sometimes we'll start a new product area with a relative bargain for people and then as it proves out, the second generation investors have to pay more normal fees. And so, it's a variety of things, there's no one thing.
Michael S. Chae: And we have attracted. This is a great product for large, large family office-type players including in Europe who think in terms of decades in their ownership. And it's also I think attracting investors who historically think large global pension funds who may be more negative about sort of plain vanilla fund investing. And also had very long-term view and a great sort of liability position. And this sort of strategy has been appealing to them as well. So we have investors who are some – some are most loyal existing investors. And then we have a couple who've done less with us because they have that philosophy but this product really appeals.
Michael S. Chae: I think people are kind of maybe focusing a little too much on this, but historically, it's been pretty consistent, because we mark, right? So, markets go down, we mark it down. But historically, that's been pretty consistent. And we never – if we have a public stock, for example, we've got a mark to where the public stock is. But if we find a strategic buyer, they usually pay a premium over whatever the stock price happens to be at the time.
Michael S. Chae: Sure. Our favorite metrics. So, two things. One, in terms of the percentage, it's about 74% in terms of the degree to which the main fund is through the catch-up, overall. And then, the other way to think about it is what percentage of LPs are in full carry and what percent are in catch-up, and that remains around 50/50.
Michael S. Chae: I think it's great for us. It's great for us because we have fantastic products that give superior returns for the risk and if people have to be more – have a higher duty to choose good products, it can only be good for us.
Michael S. Chae: I think, Alex, the first part of your question was around our own daily liquidity and retail strategy. For example, the BAAM product that we've spoken about on this call. And I'll tell you there we really think in terms of process, systems, technology, how we interact with sub-advisors that were really kind of state-of-the-art in terms of really being daily liquidity when you're required to be daily liquidity. And so, we think that'll also be a source of competitive advantage against those who also sort of purport to be daily liquidity but perhaps are not.
Michael S. Chae: And unlike the criteria, I think there are a few and I'll just do this off the top of my head, I'm sure, I'll miss some. But first of all, I don't think we'll make an acquisition what we didn't bring something significant to the future of that company, well, we can't create value by having part of the Blackstone platform. Similarly, we like businesses that contribute and make the rest of us better, number one. Number two, they're going to be a talent-intensive business but not a body-intensive business. We don't want hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of employees. Number three, we want a business where we can be a global leader. We're not interested in being also-rans in either performance or size in any business. Number four, we like businesses where if you do have superior performance, their business is with a mode around it. They're not easily knockoff-able. They're not easily replicable. They're sustainable. And then five, I think we'd have to have the right people that really fit in culturally. They're team players that put the firm first that aren't out for themselves and that sort of thing. So, those would be some of the criteria that jump to mind.
Michael S. Chae: Well, I don't think it's harder to find targets. It's a lower cost-of-capital source of funding, so I suppose you could make the models work on more companies. The trick is to keep the bar very, very high in terms of the quality you're buying. And that may lead to somewhat higher multiples. But if you're going to hold something for 20 years, the entry multiple and exit multiple are much less important than if you're holding them for a shorter holding period. And what becomes important is your ability to drive organic growth through that period of time. The way we look at it, the absolute gain, so the dollar's gain per dollar invested, which is what really ultimately drives carry should be substantially higher with this product than with opportunistic because of the compounding in the holding period and the lack of friction costs.
Michael S. Chae: I'm going to do this off the top of my head. I think the revenues were a bit higher and the EBITDA growth is a bit lower.
Michael S. Chae: Here are some numbers. Okay. It was 1.8% revenue in the fourth quarter and 6.7% EBITDA in the fourth quarter. So...
