Joan Solotar: Thanks, Patrick. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2014 conference call. I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, who is actually calling in from out of the country, Chairman and CEO; Tony James; President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, CFO and Weston Tucker, Head of IR. Earlier this morning we issued our press release and slide presentation illustrating our results that are available on the website and then we’re going to follow up with filing of our 10-Q in a couple of weeks. So I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. After a discussion of some of the risks, please see the Risk Factor section in our 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures on the call and for reconciliations back to GAAP refer to the press release for those. And I’d like to remind you that nothing on the call constitutes and offers itself or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone fund. The audiocast is copyrighted material and maybe not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. So a quick recap of the results. We reported record economic net income, or ENI, for the second quarter of $1.15. That’s up very sharply from $0.62 in last year’s second quarter. Performance as you may have seen already was strong across the board with greater appreciation in the underlying portfolio assets as well as higher management fees. Distributable earnings were $771 million for the second quarter or $0.65 per common unit. That’s more than double last year’s second quarter’s distribution. We’re repaying a distribution of $0.55 per common unit and that’s to shareholders of record as of July 28. So thanks all who are on the call and also those who attended our recent Investor Day in person or via Web cast. But if you missed it, we have it posted on our Web site, so you can roll through by segment. And with that I’m going to turn the call over to Steve Schwarzman.
Joan Solotar: And operator, we are ready for questions, but I could remind everyone to just stick to one question the first go around and then we’re happy to pick your second and third and whatever on the second round.
Joan Solotar: Yes, so just looking at the roll forward the fee earning assets, you had year-over-year a higher mix of areas like in credit. I think it was a mix.
Steve Schwarzman: Well, I was okay with you until you added that last clause. Our BCP V is going to double our investor’s money on $20 billion. I think it will be a spectacular success. And our LPs are very happy with it. So let me just start with that. In general values are high. I think the last cycle was challenging, not so much because the values were high, which they got high in 2007, but had we not had a historic meltdown or all meltdowns, you would have had very different investment results too. And it’s too simplistic to just look at values. You’ve really got to look at what you’re buying. And I would say -- and I can’t comment on the industry because I think there’s a lot of stuff which is going for too high a price, driven by too much leverage and of course our job is to not chase those. What we are investing in and we’re finding a lot of good opportunities is companies that need capital to grow. So they have very strong organic growth. And like any company it’s a little simple to just say well, that’s the bad -- that Company X is a bad deal, because it’s got a 20 P/E and Company Y is a good deal because it has got a 15 P/E, when Company X might be growing twice as fast or three times as fast. So markets pay and values will reflect growth rates. So we’re investing in much more than before, higher growth companies and that’s -- and I don’t think those multiples are particularly pricy often for the growth. So that’s one area. The second area is we’re putting work and we’re putting a lot of money to work in sort of new build stuff. So we might be building a pipeline or a wind farm or a power plant somewhere and in the sense, if you look at trailing multiples, that’s an infinite multiple because we’re putting money to work in a company that doesn’t exist. But the other sense is we’re buying assets at book value and assets that we believe will earn a very nice return on equity, much higher than the cap rate if you will that we’ll sell that asset for once it’s developed. So we’ll capture not only the profit of the higher return equity while we hold it, but then we’ll get a higher multiple on sale because we’ll be selling cash flow at the higher multiple we went in. So I think we’re finding some interesting things to do. They’re not traditional public to privates of mature companies without a lot of value creation. And in general everything we do, everything is dependent on value creation. So the one big sort of LBL we did, Gates is a company where we think with our super star fantastic manager Dave Calhoun, we can -- working with the management team that’s in place at Gates which is very solid, we can create a lot of value to that company that hasn’t been created yet. And it’s just a great company, great business with great market positions and by the way at right the part of the cycle. So we like that business a lot and we had a lot of co-investment in that business and a lot of our very sophisticated institutional investors looked at that and joined us and put money into that company so we had -- if you’re worried about what we paid on that, there is a lot of market value validation from sophisticated third parties. So, all in all, we feel very good about what we’re doing.
Steve Schwarzman: I would add to that though Michael, exactly what Tony said. I think we feel really good about where we are. We had a blow up on earlier in the quarter. Obviously 2.7 billion in cash and corporate investments, liquid investments is a good place to be, the A+ rating, we’re solidly in the middle of that range. In this quarter to get to the 85% payout ratio we did pay out about half of the gains that we had on our investments. So we have a good realization quarter. We obviously got return to capital and we had about $220 million of actual gains realized cash in the quarter and about half of that we paid out to get to the 85%, which I think frankly reflects both our confidence in the forward operating outlook and in the balance sheet and having enough capital to do what Tony just referred to.
Steve Schwarzman: So Dan that’s for the whole fund and it won’t always be consistent but if the fund plays out over time, it should be -- it’s all deal by deal Dan. So it’s not (indiscernible) over time it should be 80% whether we’re in catch up or whether we’re not.
Steve Schwarzman: I think it’s partly mix and where the new inflows are coming and some of the inflows also are not yet fee paying. So that’s really the impact.
Steve Schwarzman: It’s mix. Mostly mix, but that ebbs and flows. We also have a number of products where you have one the fee paying assets but there is one fee for committed and un-invested and then that fee jumps up once the assets gets invested. And so when you have a lot of new funds with that kind of money obviously it starts off at lower fee roll out. In general business, there will be some exchanges but in general in our business if you look at business line by business line, we are not seeing significant price cutting or fee reductions.
Steve Schwarzman: Well, we’ve always taken non-controlling stakes and really our positioning in the market has always been, the big fund can certainly do big deals but basically does the full spectrum of stuff. And in fact large buyouts and I think that’s, let’s just say total enterprise value over 3 billion has never been more than about 25% of any fund that we’ve done. So we’ve got a long history of doing sort of smaller stuff and more growthy stuff. And of course outside the United States, we if we are talking about Asia for example, it’s almost all growth stuff and lot of it’s in our control. And some of the growth equity we are doing is control. There are just companies that have a lot of growth and tremendous opportunities. So I’m not sure if the control is the dimension to think about and we’re certainly not becoming a venture firm however. These are all companies with well-defined business models, well-defined profits and market position and customers and developed management team and on. Our skill set is not finding the next Google or understanding how someone is going to invest in that semiconductor and betting on science or anything like that. That’s not what we are doing.
Steve Schwarzman: I will take a little of that. I was last week in a foreign country with a capital pool that was in the $50 billion to $100 billion range that has no exposure to the alternative class and wants to do it. And they’ve made a decision to that and I think we’re well positioned to be in there first group of companies that they give money to. And these things are happening periodically, where not being in the alternative asset classes has really mathematically sort of been unsound for decades. And so people can see that that’s a smart thing to do mathematically. And what that’s leading to is new pools of capital that have been created or have been managed with a very heavy emphasis on debt are switching and they start small and then they go up to typically a 10% to 20% allocation and existing investors are increasing sort of their allocations and the retail class, which has only 2% exposure which is mostly just hedge funds. It’s still a huge area of growth. And so if you -- in an asset class where you can perform for firms like ours by 1,000 basis points or more in terms of your products, you should expect that those institutions that observe that phenomena would like part of that and will increase their allocations because the asset class has been very resistant to loss in the down part of the cycle. That’s something that is very important to understand. Actual loss is almost negligible. There is some mark-to-market type of loss near -- at bottoms of cycles. But I think we’ve now shown as a public company and also as a private company that’s just a very transitory issue, these marks and we historically have boomed back with very large profits. So I think we’re seeing increases from virtually every asset classification. There is an endowment that has been super huge and alternatives that is trimming back a tiny bit, but that's only because they’ve got exposures that are double and triple than the normal investor. So I think there is a lot of white space to come here with big numbers.
Steve Schwarzman: I’ll take that. I think it’s some of both. We’re clearly in a favorable market cycle, return to high, flows to alternatives are increasing and so on and they are increasing because the reverse denominator affect partly and because a big chunk of traditional portfolios are in fixed income where people are earning very little and they just need more returns. So there’s clearly a favorable environment for fund flows in our industry. At the same time, we’re opening a lot of new asset classes in new regions, new products and with great people and great returns and that's secular, that's going to continue. There will be a cycle overlaid on that, but over the long-term, it stuns me to say this, but I think looking forward our long-term secular growth rate, takes this cycle out of it at $270 billion is just as high as it was at $70 billion.
Steve Schwarzman: It’s not a static business that's grown overtime. And incidentally, I want to note that your 1-6 assumption on where that ultimately comes out, we're already at 1-6.
Steve Schwarzman: This is an interesting one, because the Core+ asset class is about three times the size of what we’re doing in the opportunity class and the opportunity segment, now I guess we’re up to around $80 billion some odd, not all of which is equity. We have probably LT somewhere around $10 billion of debt products in there and a little bit, something like about 10 billion. So as I think about this and this is my own personal view and not everybody always agrees with me even, within the firm that’s for sure when we get into these new areas, but I look at a business like that, we’re going to be -- if what we think is going to happen year one is about $5 billion and if we can continue do the kinds of things we think we can do in terms of producing the returns Tony was just talking about, then you could look at a business like this over 10 year period and have a $100 billion under management. Now that’s something that would make my general counsel really squirm, which apparently I can see him, he’s squirming. And there is no guarantee. That’s what I would call an aspirational goal. Most people would say, if you could do half of that that would be pretty terrific. So I think the reality is somewhere in between. I am a believer in the higher end of that. I think, if you can deliver 10, 11, 12 returns to institutions who are really focused on making 8, and if you can do it with real safety, you will have good flows there, and the advantage we have is that we have the most active deal flow in the world in real estate. And for us, all we’re doing is chopping off the lower return end of properties that don’t need our opportunistic criteria for our fund. So we should see an awful lot of this type of thing and we’re set up perfectly with a major asset management capability to improve properties. And we also have a terrific set of relationships with people who give out real estate money around the world in the opportunity area. I guess we’re like somewhere in the last year or two. I forget whether we’ve raised six times more money than anybody else in the world or eight times. It’s some number that L.T. can or John can get you after the meeting, but it dwarfs what everybody else is doing and so I think with a really good product like this within asset class, that that is already three times the size, we should be able to do the kind of numbers overtime that I’m talking about.
Steve Schwarzman: Yes, finance is like a very funny business. What passes or innovation isn’t so innovative and that -- this is the kind of things where we have product and really quality buildings that would fit this kind of model that really just simply do not meet the criteria for the opportunity part of our business. And we took these products. You start with one opportunity, then you go onto others and it was a huge amount of receptivity on the part of the institutional community. And what happens is once you discover that, you do a second, you do a third, you do a fourth and you see that there is really big demand. And so what we’ve realized is that we could take our same set of skills and basically just segment them, and the market would respond to it, and that’s why we did it.
Steve Schwarzman: Well I guess I’ll take that one, and of course we’ve had initiatives that didn’t pan out as we hoped. Sometimes the performance wasn’t what we’d hoped. Sometimes we’d feel it was a great idea but the market just didn’t want to fund it or the timing was wrong. And sometimes whatever premise or whatever the business premise was, the world changed and therefore the opportunities sort of disappeared. We had at one point in this business a mutual fund business that ran closed-end funds. They were the largest mutual fund in India and they had one invested in non-India, Asia. And it was a closed-end fund as I mentioned. It was -- obviously the meltdown in global markets and those currencies and their stock markets in particular made that performance not very good and it kind of got sub-scale and we just decided; having owned the business for a while, we decided there weren’t a lot of synergies and we went our way. And one of the earlier calls, somebody asked about getting a loan only business and I think one of the learnings there was there is not a lot of synergies between a loan only business and what we do generally. So that’s an example. We tried other things, whether that be office or not or products, but nothing big. I think we do a pretty good job focusing on really good opportunities and getting really good talent to do it. And I think the most important thing that we have, we have to attract the best talent in the world, we have to train it, we have to get it - adapt our culture and the way we think about things and if we do that and we put really great talent against the opportunities we see, we don’t miss that much. And so we’re not perfect but we feel very confident about the opportunities on the page.
Laurence Tosi: So a couple of comments. I’ll take it in reverse, Bill. I think the comps generally in line to fee comp related ratio tends to be around 49% to 50% and I think that’s in line with where we’ve been for some time. I think the difference in the non-compensation operating or other operating expenses or non-compensation was really related, Bill, to business development expenses. And so we had some fund closing and some fund initiation expenses that were one time in the quarter. Of course those expenses will come up from time to time as other funds close. But if you back out bond interest and business development expenses, the growth rate on our non-comp or other operating expenses is 4%, which is less than half of the growth in our fee related revenues, which is about where we’ve been over the last couple of years just on a disciplined basis. And I expect that to be the case going forward. We don’t have any foreseeable large increases in basic operating expenses going forward.
Laurence Tosi: Sure. First of all, Mike, my partners are chuckling at me because that was for me relative slow. But I’ll say it again. So the way I would look at the quarter is about 50% of the revenues and the economic income in private equity for the quarter were related to BCP V. About a third of the revenues and economic income in the segment were related to just the catch up fees, and that’s how I look at it. So, to give you roughly speaking, BCP V’s revenues for the quarter were $580 million. Just the catch up fees was $274 million. The economic income was $486 million and the catch up portion of that was $224 million.
Laurence Tosi: Sure. First Tony had a question which was he asked what the realizations were. So the net realizations in the quarter, which is investment income and net realized performance fees were $175 million. So there is cash carry come out of the fund.
Laurence Tosi: So ruling is not definitive. They are still working through the application rules, obviously we’ve been -- as the leader in the market we’ve been intimately involved in the discussions. I’ve met with the FASB twice directly on this specific issue to work through both when the rule is been promulgated as well as its applications. So the application base is yet to come out Rob and so we’ll see how it applies. There are some interpretation of the rule as written that might not require us to go to what you would refer to as method one, which is accrual of performance fees only after all the capital is returned. Even still if that happens, we’ll have all the same metrics; just that our reconciliations to GAAP will change if that happens. So I don’t see any impact. By the way if it were to go through and it were to have the impact that our GAAP numbers then would have that type of accrual, it wouldn’t be till 2017. And I’d like to point out that the two public managers, Fortress and Oaktree that are on that basis today also show ENI on the same basis we do. So I actually think while it will be a lot more work, it will be the exact results and it won’t have any impact on how they reflect it.
Laurence Tosi: Well, if you look at -- the $62.4 billion over the last year has about $10 billion of inorganic, which is the acquisition of SP. So it normalized around $52 billion. That's higher than it’s been the last couple of years. We’ve been somewhere around $45 billion, $48 billion and then $52 billion. So directionally I guess your $15 billion is right. It won’t be consistent like that, but if you -- I'm sorry, I would say it’s a little bit high. I think somewhere between $45 billion and $50 billion is a more normalized run rate.
Laurence Tosi: Yes, okay. Well, first of all, it obviously got attention from some other bidders but there weren’t a lot of them. There were very few of them, not only because it was complex. It’s a portfolio with a lot of -- you have work it. It’s not just a passive asset. These are non-performing loans. Secondly, our real estate people owned a servicer in Spain already but we are positioned to do the servicing -- a lot of the servicing of loans are stealth and have unique insight into how these loans can get worked out and how we can deal with the home owner and so on and so forth. And then we’re buying it at a huge discount to face and with leverage and with our view and a discount to the underlying replacement value of the physical assets, if we were to own them. So we have the downside covered. We have leverage and with a view of what we can do with them through our servicer and our view frankly that Spain at least has bottomed out and the wind will probably be in our backs in terms of values. We think we’ll get to our returns.
Laurence Tosi: Well, I couldn’t tell you what Carlyle’s view is expect we’ll wait -- that’s being brought by our Core+ business. So its lower risk, stabilized assets with somewhat lower return hurdles but we think we’ll get a double digit return for our investors. We’re very confident about that. And by the way, I didn’t even know they are in the real estate business actually, but our real estate people are the best operators in the world. We can buy an asset for anyone and run it better and get more cash flow out of it.
Laurence Tosi: Okay. It’s L.T., Warren. All of our funds and all of our deals, we calculate carry on a deal by deal basis. When a fund is generating carry, i.e. it’s above the hurdle, we pay out realizations as they are earned. So there is no concept of holding things back. Now, in order to do that, you have to look at where you think the entire fund will end up and if you’re conservative in forecasting the future values of the whole fund, you should be conservative then in calculating what you’re paying out and that should cover you with respect to future changes and so that’s how we do it. So BCP V actually has been paying cash carry for a couple of quarters because it consists of two separate funds and there are LPs in one of the segments that we’re already paying carry going back to the first quarter. Now a larger percentage of them, in both sides of the fund, all in the smaller fund and part of the larger fund are paying carry as well. But there’s no concept of just, indiscriminately kind of holding things back. It all goes to the conservative outlook that you have and that will make your calculation of payouts conservative.
Laurence Tosi: Let me just clarify one thing and then I am going to turn the ultimate size over to Steve, because he’s our dreamer and he sets our standards and goals here. And whatever he -- whenever he sets it, we accomplish it. So I said near $2 billion. Between what we’ve closed and another transaction we have in process, it’s actually about $1.8 billion now. Someone tell me if I am (indiscernible). So that’s where we are now and then I’ll turn it over to Steve for how big this business can be. And let me just comment on the returns. The returns are in the low double digit net area. Steve.
