Michael Chae: Sure, Alex. Thank you. First as we've said before and you know, it's a -- we think it's more instructed to look at margins over the year-to-date or annual periods as there is variability from quarter-to-quarter and into a year. So on that basis, I'd look at the first half margins, which were about 47%, which are up about 100 basis points, just over 100 basis points versus full year 2018, which we're at about 46%. So we expect some drag in the third quarter from a full quarter of BREP VIII's fee holiday from a margin standpoint along with other puts and takes and there are many. But overall, for the second half of the year, we expect margins to resemble the first half, and that sort of margin expansion for the full year implied by that is in line with sort of that longer-term sort of trajectory that we've talked a lot about. And in terms of the drivers of that, there are a number of sort of micro factors but broadly speaking, it's a function of businesses including [indiscernible] scaling and our focusing on optimizing and management comp and cost structure is part of that and across the firm. And you can see that especially in the PE segment margins, which enjoyed a very good growth and that's -- the drivers of that are SP, the infrastructure funds, our capital markets business, a number of factors where the management fee revenue was growing and we're seeing flow through. But again, I would point you to kind of the year-to-date period compared to the full year of last year and think about that as sort of the full year trajectory we're on.
Michael Chae: Bill, it's Michael. I think we remain committed to our capital policy. We think it's worked well. We made a simple change in the structure that we think has had and will have great benefits in terms of making us easier to own. As we did our roadshow and as we continue to talk to investors, I would not say we heard an undue focus one way or another and there were different views around our policy. But overall, I think broad support for how we manage the business and including that. So we're committed to it.
Michael Chae: Patrick, not really volatility and there's great momentum there. It's really an entry year pacing. As you know, the realized performance revenues typically come in BPP on an anniversary of prior investment, it's generally over a 3-year time period. And so we have real line of sight on when during the year those will crystallize. And then more broadly, BREIT, or nontraded REIT, which as Jon mentioned, is a terrific platform with great growth. That is a -- it's $8 billion today versus about $3 billion a year ago. Those incentive fees crystallize in the fourth quarter. So you combine those two factors and I think the second half of the year and the fourth quarter in particular, you'll see that's the sort of waiting within the year of when the crystallization occurs. So I would not look at any given quarter in the year-over-year comparison.
Michael Chae: Sure, Brian. A lot of content in that question. So I think first on the principal investment income, the backdrop, as I said in my remarks, is good realization activity in the quarter which -- and that's reflected there. And we did also realize some gains in our treasury portfolio. We did it principally with the view of the head of conversion, timing it to allow us to maximize the efficiencies of those positions from a tax standpoint as a P2P. So that was sensible for us to do. And if comprised, about half of the principal investment income in the quarter. If you exclude that piece, I'd say the ratio of investment income to performance revenues was basically in line with prior quarters, around 20%.I think on the run rating question, I'll just simply say, we'll refer to what we've been saying pretty constantly since Investor Day and the last couple of quarters the confidence around better than $1.70 next year and $2 thereafter. And the fundraising for the second half of the year, which I think is really slightly different question. Obviously, we are delighted that about 93% of those 4 so-called super-cycle funds are raised, but we still have a lot of action in the second half in other areas whether it's in our BREDS area, the beginning as we talked about our life sciences fund raise, all about really the 2020 events continuing on the European direct lending fund raise, we've had some closes there but we expect to have even more significant closes in the second half. We are underway on our strategy capital fund raise within BAAM. So a number of things across the board including, as always, our perpetual capital fundraisers that are a continuous process.
Jonathan Gray: Our plan is to stick with the structure that's worked for us for 30-plus years, both for our Limited Partners and for the last 12 years, for our public shareholders. We think it's the right long-term governance structure for the company and to maximize long-term value. We do think we have seen with MSCI and others in openness to companies that have dual share classes. And if you look at the performance of these companies over time, they've actually outperformed, and we are hopeful that some of these other indices will evaluate that and move to including us in the indices. We're one of the, if not the largest, market cap company out there, that's not in some of these indices. So we're going to stick with our governance strategy and work, hopefully, to convince these indices and make sense to include us.
Jonathan Gray: Yes, I think when you get to things like tokenization, what you need are assets that are very similar and don't have -- and have the ability to be more commoditized. When you look at larger scale assets, particularly in real estate, what you see is, it's very difficult to turn those into some sort of computer ledger thing because the assets are so different in their nature. We've seen this with some of the online venues that try to buy and sell real estate. As you get up and scale, it gets harder and harder. I think in industries like housing, where it's easier to do it, I think you could see some real penetration over time. I think in more bespoke commercial real estate assets that's tough and it gets even more complicated if you think about companies in private equity. So we don't really see that as a factor in the near term.
Jonathan Gray: So I would just say, Michael mentioned it on SP, what you're really looking at is a time lag because you're getting the reports from the underlying managers from Q4, what you're seeing is those results. The Q1 results, which one would expect would be much stronger, will show up in Q3. So I think SP is a unique factor. In terms of the rest of the performance, when we look at the portfolio companies in terms of revenue and EBITDA growth, what we saw in the quarter was very similar to what we've seen in the last couple of quarters. We did have, I would say a couple of isolated factors around our upstream companies, one large public in our private equity area as well. And so I wouldn't want to read too much into it. And when LPs, think about this, they tend not to look at our performance over a quarter. They're looking at our performance within that fund over years and our performance obviously over decades. So in some of these areas, I view this a little bit more of a blip and I wouldn't read too much into it.
Jonathan Gray: Yes. I would say on infrastructure, obviously, the decline in interest rates, a bit like real estate in the U.S., has made it more challenging to deploy capital so that's a fair question. I think the good news for us is we're operating at a very large scale, and we have the ability to intervene in assets. And so we've done a couple of big deals in the port space, in the midstream space really out of the box. We have a couple of other large opportunities we're looking at. It is a competitive space. But just like everything we're doing today, GLP and Merlin are examples, by playing where the air is thinner, which is really the strength of our infrastructure business, we've got a better competitive dynamic.
Jonathan Gray: I would say, if you look at the numbers I think our deployment pace is in line with historic levels. It's possible during periods of dislocation we deploy capital after that post crisis faster. There were periods during the crisis where things slowed down. It feels to us and you can look in our -- in the report that shows the deployment of each of these funds, we're generally sort of on pace and performance wise, you can see the net returns across the funds in line with what we've done historically. So what you're seeing now is just a larger volume of capital deployed. And obviously, Steve touched on against a broader array of asset classes. And so areas where you're seeing -- where the targeted returns are lower. But in the traditional higher octane drawdown funds, I would say in line with historic pace.
Jonathan Gray: The market, we obviously had the market dislocation in Q4 which slowed things down. A lot of this, as you know, it is more episodic, a little lumpier because of you waiting for a particular company or asset to mature. And so it's hard to pinpoint when something's going to happen. I would say market conditions generally for exit are fine. It's really more about, is it the right time for our companies? We have this sort of buy-it, fix-it, sell-it model and sometimes you're a midstream in that process. So these things happen, when they do happen, you can see, obviously, meaningful increases in DE as a result. I think the best indicator is the net accrued carry on the balance sheet, which is now at a level, a 4-year high and that's a very good forward indicator. We can't tell you which quarter it will happen, but it should happen over time given the size sort of that's accrued in that storehouse of value.
Jonathan Gray: Thanks, Gerald. We made a big strategic decision a little over a year ago to exit our partnership. Not many firms would voluntarily choose to give up $20 billion of AUM and have confidence they could rebuild it. But we really wanted to control our own destiny in this space. As you pointed out, we've had a lot of success raising money. First with SMAs with some large institutional investors and now increasingly in this BDC. I think the potential here for greater scale is significant. We've now raised a large amount of money. It's going to take a couple of years to deploy that money. But as we do that, we will continually raise money and this does have the potential like a BREIT to grow to be a very large scale business. And GSO is somewhat unique in its ability to deploy capital with a number of folks out there originating loans and the number of relationships we have. So I think we're in early stage of that rebuild. I think deployment now is key as we continue to accelerate in that area, you'll see more fundraising and this should grow to be quite big.
Jonathan Gray: I would just add that this is really where the power of the brand matters. Raising retail capital, the recognition among financial advisors and their customers of Blackstone, both here in the U.S. and around the world, gives us an edge that's hard to match. And so we think, as Joan pointed out early days, if you look at individual investors, even very wealthy individual investors, they have low single-digit percentage exposure to alternatives. They're facing the same challenges as institutions and insurance companies and they want more of what we offer and by doing what Joan's team has done which is create products that work specifically for retail customers, you build tremendous momentum and BREIT's leading the charge. We're obviously working on some other ideas that over time, hopefully, can have similar success.
Jonathan Gray: So we have been seeing globally a slowdown in trade. And I would say a slowdown in the industrial economy and some of the commodities and energy have been hit as well and that's true in the U.S, Europe and China. So I think that's a factor and obviously central banks have been responding by lowering rates or signaling their lowering rates. I think the good news for us is we don't have that many businesses in the global supply chain either retailers or big exporters. So the impact there directly to our portfolio is not quite as significant. The real question is, will it leak more broadly into the economy or into markets? So far, the more dovish tone from central banks has outweighed the slow down from trade. So we are seeing it. But to us, so far, not a really big impact.
Jonathan Gray: Well Bill, I would say I know there's a lot of concern about -- there about credit markets and leverage loans. But when we look at new deals getting done, the amount of equity as a percent of the capital structure has continued to go up. There's been a modest increase in debt-to-EBITDA in the market. But when you look aggregately, we generally think credit conditions have been balanced. We don't see a lot of accesses out there. When you look in the leverage loan market, default rates are near record lows, coverage is as strong as it's been since the financial crisis. So I think the memory of what happened in 2008 and '09 has impacted market participants and regulators. And so we see a fair amount of discipline out there and we are not seeing things -- anything close to what we saw in the precrisis era. And so obviously, if the economy slows down sharply, there would be an impact to credit. But we think overall, the credit markets are healthy and we think the spread you get paid to be a senior lender in leverage loans is pretty good risk return, and we're feeling very good about our CLO portfolio in the outlook in that space. So I'd say we generally have a more positive view on the leverage loan market maybe than the market generally.
