Tony James: Hi, Mike. It's Tony. How are you doing? Well, private equity, we are seeing a lot of active deployment. And generally speaking values are high so if you live on buying public companies there is a lot of leverage, I think that's not a good place to be. But some of the things we are emphasizing are, first of all, we have a lot of or we are building a lot of assets where particularly in the power and energy area where we gets essentially by building our own assets, we are building assets with high teens, cash on cash return. We are getting in at book value and we exit them when they are flowing assets we can sell at much lower return - much lower cap rate and capital gain. We are also varying to a lot of consolidation. We get -- we buy a very good managed team, small company and then can roll up the industry in the roll up acquisition even if we pay a fairly full multiple but the platform company is small in the context of all other things we can roll up and by the time we exit our embedded cost in there is 5x or 6x EBITDA. I should note that the average EBITDA level in our private equity portfolio is only 4.5x today. These are not leveraged driven high price things. We are also buying growth companies that need capital to grow, and I think we are getting some pretty good values on that. Those prices haven't been run up as much as many other company by the availability of debt and low interest rates. And then finally we are doing a lot in especially finance area where the asset quality is high, but the financial crisis wiped out a lot of competitors. And frankly they went out of business not because they lost money on the asset side because they couldn't roll their liabilities. Well given capital to grow the customer need is still there, it has been a great place for us. So we are finding a lot of interest things to do. Putting a lot of money out and returns are as high as they've ever been. So that's private equity. Credit, lot of focus on energy obviously and they are very active, engaged a lot of energy stuff. You also mentioned Europe; the managing platform in Europe which is a new effort for us is going great guns. And so some of the back up in the credit market is there for a while, gave us some good mezz opportunities, so I think we are chugging along in that business as well.
Tony James: Okay. So on the re-ups, I don't have exact number, Dan, but it is extremely high. It is -- and we are also getting a lot of cross fund investors. So increasingly investors take more and more of our products which is reflecting some of the same trends that LT was saying. So but there are very, very few investors in capital who are not re-upping today.
Tony James: Okay. So in real estate, we still a lot of activity. There is a lot of-- particularly in Europe we are extremely active. We are still seeing a lot of activity in Asia. And so those are undiminished. The US is, the GE was great but as Steve mentioned it overshadowed as multi billion our tech private of a REIT that we announced the same day that got no press at all because of the GE deal. We bought, which got $1.5 billion to buy the Sears Tower and that's going to be fantastic deal I think. So there is a plenty of big chunky stuff to do in the US as well. We don't think we are at a real estate peak. We think we are somewhere in mid cycle and there is good values to be add on the buy side and there is reasonable market to sell on the sale side. It's kind of right in balance and it is a great time. In terms of driving more fund raising though, our rate from core plus which I'll come to, these are episodic funds where you go out and raise them and it takes awhile to deploy them. So we are not going to raising that global fund for a while. Our Asian fund is ways to go. Our European fund got invested very quickly and we actually when did re-up or a top up and we come in through that very quickly. So we will be out in the market again fairly soon with the European Real Estate Fund. In terms of core plus, it is going great. We have recently closed some transactions. We've got sort of -- it is money we all take down till we have places to put it. And we have a backlog of interested investors. And we are working on a bunch of deals. Where do I think that can go? Well, Steve set that number already I think for us so.
Tony James: Well BREP8 IRR are as same as our BREP fund, we shift for in the 20s and core plus was in the low teens.
Tony James: Yes. And I might just add a couple of things on that. Direct lending in Europe is off to a great start. And we have VDCs here, there are other parts of the world where we could do that and we are thinking about that. The SM as discussed supplement account that as LT mentioned for our primary focus on the energy opportunity and they have had a very successful energy sleeve so to speak to jump on the opportunities that have been creative. And then with GE cap, we are going through the reorganization is doing I think there will be some very interesting opportunities for its cohort for GSO and so we are getting geared up to kind of focus on that. And see what we can make up of it.
Tony James: Yes, I'll just add, we have a hard cap of $17.5 billion on that. As you know we've had a pattern of getting our hard cash so we are optimistic about this one. On the fiduciary duty clause which I think what you are referring to, I don't think that's going to affect us much. I think it will -- you can argue it will help us because -- in various ways because I think our performance and the return we gave will make us sort of easy choice and other choices a bit more difficult. But I don't, I haven't really studied the details of that so much. I think some of the things like some of those private client products with huge loads and things like that will be challenged. We will see how that all plays out.
Tony James: There is definitely resistance to leverage over 6x EBITDA and that has increased I suppose. There are lenders you can go that are not subject to that but they are obviously they are narrower group. So in general we drive on capital structures to that sort of leverage level. Frankly, we don't like to be much above that leverage level anyway. So it is not much of an impediment. There aren't many businesses to justify more leverage than that on them. So I would say it is not so much more time. I think the banks in general are short, don't have enough opportunities to put attractive earning asset on the books. This is why you have them for example asking negative interest rates and asking giving back deposits and asking depositors to pay the bank and all these kind of strange stuff. So the appetite is there and I don't think the timing or the structuring of the deal or anything is really that impacted of it. But you are not going to see a -- you are going to see a big deals that require leverage of more than 6x will be slower and will be harder.
Laurence Tosi: So, Michael, the three year average on that conversion to use that word is 40 and you are correct in the last 12 months it is closer to 70%. I think it has been particularly active over the last couple of quarters in particular. So I don't know that it will stay at the 70% rate and I am not sure it needs to. It actually needs to be 45% to 50% to eclipse the distributable earnings in the last 12 months over the next 12 months. So the number may come down but the earnings may grow.
Laurence Tosi: So the overall catch up on blended basis, Patrick, is 85%, on ENI basis you are close to 100% and on a DE basis you are about [60%] [ph]. So that gets the blended basis of 84%. So the way to look at that is going forward as we have appreciation the ENI, the firm will accrue 20% of the appreciation at BCP V but as distributions are down we will still be in the 80:20 catch up for the foreseeable future.
Laurence Tosi: It's LT, I'll start it off Michael and so the inflows with respect to the quarter that you saw in credit were largely in-- they were really across the whole platform. We did have quite few in the CLO space, the BDC is continue to grow and then there were some separate account inflows as well. I think that so the story there is really balanced. And that's what has been taking hold for them for some time. They do have some new products that they are working on now which Tony referenced and you will see more that in the second quarter. But if you look at where they are year-over-year and their growth not only in the fee for earnings asset but also their inflows they are really well positioned to see good opportunities.
Laurence Tosi: I just kind of wanting that it is important to distinguish that there is unrealized and realized and the 85% are blend and on the unrealized basis pretty much through the catch up 98.5% and then with respect to the realization part they are only about 60% quite a moment ago.
Stephen Schwarzman: So, Dan, maybe LT would take, LT, I will take the retail piece and maybe Tony will take the overall piece. So retail continues to both surprise us as well as to be a significant contributor. So it was about $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion in the first quarter came from different retail systems, one. Two, there is a couple of trends in there that are very positive which was in the systems that we have been in for long period of time. We are seeing individual financial advisors distribute Blackstone funds to a greater set of their clients. We are seeing a greater set of financial advisors invest so you got better penetration both within each advisor and then across it. And if you look at the list over the last six months, there are four, five distribution channels that we had not even tapped until that period. So it is a very strong story in all regards in the year is off to an important head start with that. With respect to my comments on the larger funds and I don't know Tony add this, was we are seeing some of our biggest clients and part of this is the fact that the demand exceeds the capacity are making more concentrated debts in our larger funds and we see that as our two flagship funds come through in real estate and private equity. And I think it is very encouraging sign. I would point out though that set of largest investors is some are the same and bigger than they were in the previous ones and some are new and they are quite significant. So we are seeing both the trends towards concentrated investment in Blackstone and the trend where very large scale investors are starting to coming. Our most recent funds are now down to about 60% to 65% North America, five years ago that was 85%, which means also we are seeing some really nice global growth.
Stephen Schwarzman: I said when we started this business in 10 years; we had the $100 billion of AUM. One year into it, we are at five something, that's amazing for like just starting up. And I think now it is pretty bold type of an expectation but I think we are on track because the way business is grow it typically starts slower and more you do, the more investors you get, the more they give you and starting out in the five to six range year one gives me a good sense that we got a realistic shot of achieving what I think we can do. In life when you start businesses, you have to have an aspirational dream that everybody understands that's realistic, achievable but pushes and I think that's where we are with core plus. We are very happy as are the people investing with us because lovely notes and emails from them.
Stephen Schwarzman: Okay. On BCP VII, we have restrictions on what we can say. This were up, is it marketing and so we can't tell you how we are doing exactly but there is really terrific receptivity to private equity area and that area have been really excellent historically. And there is actually a very good response to Joe Bradda who is running that business which is terrific because one of the things that is important as firm goes forward is that you have a new generation of management and I get all kinds of like unsolicited positive things to actually show goes a business somebody, usually followed by some large amount of money which I guess is the best way to express your love and appreciation of someone in the finance business. So I think that all seems to be going well in that area.
Stephen Schwarzman: I think longer term in the interest of the regulatory apparatus to provide access to retirement products are alterative asset in liquid products. Given the safety of products historically and the nature of our performance to deny people access to these products to somehow be protecting them. So that they can earn lower returns. So they don't have as much money to retire with. Strikes me as a very odd policy outcome and I would suspect at some point that will change because it is illogical for it not to change large part because most people don't have adequate money to retire. So I am hopeful that there will be change in that area though I can't predict when that will happen. But it so illogical to take the position that we are in now. The change should come at some point and when it does it sort of the leading brand name in our business with the kind of performance across the board that could be very, very good thing for the firm.
Stephen Schwarzman: Even absolute leverage which I thought was part embedded in your question is lower just because with higher prices, private equity investors are typically more cautious which creates sort of fewer deals for the industry not necessarily for us in certain specialty cases. But for the industry which is just less business for the bank to prosecute.
