Jon Gray: Thanks, Glenn. I'll start with the secondary business. Yes, there has been big fundraising in that space including our fundraising. But I think you have to put it in context. Overall, alternatives are now I think a $6 trillion business. And last year about $100 billion transacted, so less than 2% of the market. So it's a market where as investors keep allocating and by the way as you know alternatives are growing 8% to 10% a year, there's still not enough liquidity. So if you're a fund manager and you want to sell interest in a certain sector or older vintage funds, it's hard to do. And so what we're seeing is a market response where new capital is coming in.I think the good news is that the discounts that exist in terms of buying these interests have persisted. And so we still see it as a very favorable place to deploy capital. And in fact, SP has already committed 50% of its latest private equity fund. So even though the business is growing, we still think there's a lot of room here. In terms of insurance, this is a market that has obviously a lot of capital that is under pressure as a result of extremely low global interest rates. There's a need to move out of investment-grade corporate and sovereign debt and to look at things like direct private credit, structured credit and alternatives. We think we're pretty uniquely positioned to do that. We announced as I mentioned the hiring of Gilles and we're looking at a number of situations. So I think this could be a little bit lumpier. But we're spending a lot of time. Tony in particular has been spending a lot of time on this and we're hopeful over time we're going to announce some meaningful things here.
Jon Gray: Well Mike, I think we're in the early stages of the maturity of the alternative space. I think big picture as you know in asset management, we're seeing on the liquid side a lot of movement into ETFs and passives because they've outperformed over time active managers. And on the other end of the barbell big movement into alternatives, again because the performance has been really strong, which is the Blackstone story. That is what underpins our success. If -- the question is are we sort of at the end of the runway, just to put numbers on this, I talked about $6 trillion in alternatives. I think the investable universe if you look at institutional, retail and insurance is something like I don't know $170 trillion.So although it's grown a lot as a percentage of assets out there, it's pretty small. And if we are in an environment where interest rates will persist at a low level I think investors will increasingly be looking for trading some liquidity for higher returns, which is what underpins so much of what we do. So we think this is as I said still in the early stages of a maturity that this -- these businesses can continue to grow. And I think what's also important to point out is people still think of this narrowly as private equity or real estate private equity very high-returning strategies, which obviously we continue to be market leaders in.But what it's really about also is the spreading out here of all these different activities we're engaged in, many of which are longer duration and have lower return targets, and it's obviously easier to deploy capital if you're buying more stable assets that you'll hold for a long period of time without those same high targets.So think about that in our credit BDC, or in infrastructure, or in core+ real estate. And we still think we're in early days there. So we have a fair degree of optimism. It doesn't mean there won't be economic cycles along the way, doesn't mean markets won't go down. Of course that will happen. But if you look out 10 years from now, we envision the alternative space being much larger than what you see today.
Jon Gray: So on structure, our structure and long-term approach has really worked for us. It's worked for our limited partners. It's worked for our employees. It's worked for our shareholders. We like what it does in terms of the way we look at the world, how we deploy capital. And so the short answer is we don't have any plans to change our structure.
Jon Gray: Well, what I would point to is we have a mortgage REIT Blackstone Mortgage Trust that has performed extraordinarily well now for quite some time. I want to say something like 15% compounded returns close to that maybe it's 13% now for six or seven years. And there we've been incredibly disciplined in being a first mortgage lender and being really thoughtful around credit.As we build this direct lending platform, we're very focused on making this a senior-oriented lending platform. If you look at a lot of the challenges that are out there a lot of it's focused on people stretching for yield, doing things that take on undue credit risk. And we think by staying very focused sort of in our lane, very disciplined in how we finance the business much like Blackstone Mortgage Trust we can deliver for our direct lending customers and for investors.
Jon Gray: And I would just add one additional point which is in BPP it's every three years from when the investor comes in. So it's not the same 3-year period. So as BPP grows, you'll --every quarter there should be different investors different times of the year as they come along. So there's a maturity that's going on here. That business continues to grow. We announced a large deal in the last week in Japan, which will be another I think important piece as we grow our core plus real estate business in Asia as well. And so having more and more of these vehicles that are open on a quarterly basis to raise capital deploy capital and then take incentive fees based on NAV as opposed to sales that really is what we're talking about in terms of perennials.
Jon Gray: So as it relates to capital return we like our model. As I said on the call we're paying out 100% of our earnings today it's roughly 85% in the context -- in dividends and 15% in share buybacks. We think giving this capital back to shareholders is the right thing to do. And we like the mix at this point Bill of how we're doing it.
Jon Gray: So I would say it's a mix. We talked about what -- oh, yes. I would say it's a mix in our core plus real estate area which includes obviously as we've mentioned BREIT BPP. It's continued growth in direct lending. We talked about raising our next vintage of both corporate and real estate mez those are both should be sizable funds. It's some of these new initiatives like growth equity impact Michael touched on all of these things. But it's just the breadth and depth of the platform continues to expand. And that's why as opposed to in the past where you could point to one or two things very large flagships today there are just multiple areas we're raising capital for many of which are now open full year round.
Jon Gray: So, I would just add to Joan's comments by saying, the retail channel is where you really see the power of our brand, that our ability to sell these products across, not just the United States, but the world, is very, very powerful. And so, as we create things that work for these markets and we spend a lot of time trying to develop them, we think, we have a receptive audience.And we're going to be disciplined. Joan is talking about something that's a potential. These things always take time to get done. But when we deliver something, as we've done in BREIT, and we think we can do it with other products, we think the market is very large for the kind of things we do.
Jon Gray: Sure. As I said earlier, this is a space we have a lot of enthusiasm for. We've deployed about 20% at this point of the fund. It's a little bit lumpier, just because of the nature of the assets you're buying, more concentrated. We feel good about the pace. I would tell you, our pipeline actually looks robust today. And I wouldn't be surprised in the first half of the year, if we announced a number of transactions.It's, obviously, competitive in a low interest rate environment. Lots of institutions are looking at infrastructure, but we think our ability to source big opportunities to deal with public market situations, as we did with Tallgrass, our ability to intervene in assets. And I think that's really important for us as a firm, to really add value that will enable us to deploy the capital. And this is a business, I would expect, overtime, that would be much, much larger than $14 billion.
Jon Gray: That is obviously a very timely question. I was at a pension fund yesterday. I was asked about this and I talked about it being a challenging time. I would just reiterate a few of the things I said earlier. First is because of the expansion of the platform, we just have many more places to deploy capital. And not all of them are super high-return strategies. So the ability to do infrastructure and direct lending and core plus real estate deals and do them around the world is very helpful.I talked about the sale leasebacks in Las Vegas. Those are very innovative transactions done by the real estate team that we would not have done previously without these vehicles.We talked about a bladder cancer drug that is very promising that our life sciences team deployed $400 million into. Again, the expansion of the platform there allows you to invest in a sector that has I think pretty favorable dynamics given limited competition.I'd also say that for us scale is still our calling card. Steve talked about GLP, which was a $20 billion transaction. We did the Merlin transaction in the theme park area a $9 billion transaction again in a newer vehicle core private equity. So big deals. There's still not as much competition.Our ability to intervene, I would point out that we bought Hilton in 2007, obviously not ideal timing. And yet because we brought in a terrific management team, worked closely with them, the company succeeded and thrived. We ended up making $14 billion for our investors. And so there are opportunities even in a challenging market and I would not compare this to the excesses of 2006, 2007.And then specifically what I'd say is there are places in the world where we think value looks better. I've talked in the past about the U.K. Brexit does make it grow more slowly but the market has traded off considerably in dollar terms. We're still big fans of India, which is a market that has a bit of financial turmoil but has really great long-term fundamentals, particularly in the IT space and we've done a lot in real estate and private equity.Secondaries I mentioned, an area we think there's a need for more capital. The leverage loan market which gets a lot of bad press, I think the fact that spreads there are wider than high yield, even though these loans are senior in the capital structure doesn't make a lot of sense to us, particularly given the low default rates and very strong coverage ratios.And then as I mentioned, a lot of focus on some of these thematic areas like last mile logistics, cloud migration or live entertainment, a bunch of things, aging populations, global travel trying to get behind those because in a world of high valuations and low growth being a high conviction investor really makes a difference. So I can see, it's a tough time to deploy capital. On the other hand, our platform are set up and the themes we believe in are still giving us the opportunity to put out money.
Jon Gray: I love that question. That is what our business is all about. Fundraising is obviously important. But it's all about investment performance. And we talk about it. We had our partners meeting this week. We talked about it at length. We talk about it all the time which is maintaining our discipline.The most important thing is that we run a centralized investment process. What we've done is made Mondays a lot busier at Blackstone, in terms of the number of global investment committees.We do not -- we have folks on the ground doing different activities all around the world. But we still allocate capital centrally. And so it means the, number of memos, some of us are reading on a weekend are quite substantial.But we think that is very important. And we can never let go of that. And so, we are spending more time. We're also populating more of our people from different areas across the investment committees. We're trying to make sure we have as much connective tissue as possible.And so, it doesn't matter if its life sciences or growth equity, whatever new part of the firm we create it all gets back sort of connected back into the mother ship. And then, we have the same process of Heads Up Committee memos, pre-IC Committee memos, Review Committee, Investment Committee memos all going through multiple layers in each group, so that we try to reduce the number of defects.It doesn't mean they'll never be mistakes. But it greatly reduces the number. It's the reason why the firm has been so successful for so long. It's something that Steve has preached since the beginning. And we're sticking with this formula.So as we grow, we will continue to have a very, very disciplined and focused investment committee process. And the final thing I'd say is the one thing today that worries us the most. And obviously there are political issues, interest rates, all sorts of things. The big thing is the disruption that's happening in almost every industry.How it's impacting these businesses as technology changes. And that I can tell you it doesn't matter if it's an infrastructure deal or a credit deal, real estate private equity doesn't matter. That is the number one focus when we look at the risk and the downside of new investments.
Michael Chae: And I would just add on to that. In addition to our superior risk management in this area, our origination capabilities creating deals our relationships with issuers, sponsors, corporates in this space we think is second to none. And that's both in the U.S. and Europe. We have very large-scale direct lending businesses as you know in both regions.
Michael Chae: No. I think that's a great setup, because it is a mix of those strategies across BREIT BPP or BDC business BXMT infrastructure with different characteristics. But what's happening here, and you really saw it reveal itself in this quarter and this year the fourth quarter and 2019 is in particular the BREIT driver of our business tripling our fee-related performance revenues in the real estate segment year-over-year. And that sort of trajectory is going to continue between the fundraising the deployment and the performance.And again it is scheduled, it's recurring. We know it will happen on a date certain at the end of every year. And so that alongside the other products which will in the case of BPP and in infrastructure layer in fees according to those, sort of, multi-year anniversaries and then the BDC business, which as Jon said has that quarterly cadence to it and is also in ramp mode over time. All those things together are very powerful. And as I pointed out in my remarks perpetual capital is now on basically one-fourth of our fee earning AUM. So -- and growing rapidly as Jon said. So those things together are a very important narrative.
Michael Chae: I'll take the more narrow one. Hey, Bill on margins you heard us say that over long periods of time we sort of average 100 basis points, 200 basis points a year but not always every year. And we continue to see that sort of structural aspect of our business. Obviously in a year like 2019 and a year like 2020 where we're in a more rapid acceleration mode on FRE growth the operating leverage benefit among other things is even more powerful. So we're not going to make a call around margins this year but we feel good about certainly staying on that sort of trajectory.
Michael Chae: Yes, Ken I'd, sort of, refer back to my comments in my remarks that as always it's early in the year by definition. We don't give much by way of granular sort of guidance certainly. But we entered the year with, as I said, a promising pipeline across both those businesses.And particularly, some pretty chunky projects we're working on. And we'll see how they play out in the course of the year. So our teams are working hard on all those fronts. And we do have assets in companies in position in conducive markets for potential events.And then, obviously, in terms of the big picture, you're asking about 2020, but longer term, as we talked about the sort of the net accrued performance revenue receivable position highest in over four years, where we are on invested performance eligible AUM in the ground, $250 billion, all those are basically mathematical indicators of the kind of the long-term trajectory for monetization potential.
