Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. It was another tremendous quarter for Blackstone and our investors. The virtuous cycle of strong investment performance leading to further inflows, increasingly from perpetual strategies continues to drive our firm. This perpetual capital is fueling a powerful transformation in the assets we manage and the earnings we generate. Blackstone is a branded asset light manager with a compelling recurring revenue model. Moving to the quarter in investment performance, all of our flagship strategies again posted outstanding returns, equating to the second best quarter for fund appreciation in the firm's history after Q4. This reflects the way we position investor capital over the past several years towards fast-growing areas of the economy, including logistics, life sciences and tech enabled businesses. These sectors are benefiting from very positive fundamentals, which have accelerated since the onset of COVID. Our customers continue to respond favorably to our performance and demand for our products is stronger than ever. Total inflows were $32 billion in the quarter, with approximately half in perpetual strategies, including real estate Core+ and direct lending.  In total perpetual capital AUM has grown to nearly $150 billion across 15 vehicles up over 130% since investor day, these are the fastest growing areas of the firm today and it's hard to overstate their positive impact. Our business had been historically concentrated in long-term but finite live, corporate private equity and opportunistic real estate drawdown funds. In these strategies, we acquire and improve companies and assets and then wait for the right time to sell and return the capital to our limited partners. This is a terrific business model and will always remain an enormous focus of our firm. I would compare it to planting seeds, which we grow and then harvest before starting the process again.
Jon Gray: It’s a good question, Craig. What I would say is that our customers have enormous confidence in us. And that's where we start because we've done such a good job over a long period of time. It gives us the flexibility to create new businesses and our brand also allows us to attract talent when we needed to grow some of these new businesses. And so there's a range of them out there if I just think. You talked about Core+ real estate. We introduced the latest product at the end of last year, a life science office product, that's now already at $12 billion. Given what's happening in life sciences, we think there's a ton of potential there. Over the last few years, we created a dedicated life science business, as you know, that has a lot of momentum, we raised the large funds there and we think there's a lot of potential to innovate off that. Similarly, growth equity, which we announced had its final close and is off to a terrific start. Great deployment of capital. Our infrastructure business is just a few years old and I think has the potential to grow to real scale. We've done a terrific job deploying capital, the results are strong. And then as you mentioned, by the way, in secondaries, we're doing a continuation fund, which is a new product, just going in the market now. And then, we have some of these perpetual vehicles in the individual investor channel that has a lot of momentum. BREIT is contributing. By the way, many of those things I described are out there today, but at a scale where they're not contributing a ton of economics. But as they grow, they will add a lot to the bottom line of the firm, they also add a lot to the intellectual capital. BCRED, which you mentioned, is still in a fee holiday. It's raised about $3 billion at this point. It's a product that is now I think about four months old or so. And investors, again, are responding to Blackstone quality product in a world where people are looking for yield. So I would say all of these things have the potential to grow to be larger with terrific teams. We have a lot of interest from investors. We're delivering strong results and they'll start to hit the bottom line. I don't know if we have exact financial impact. But I think there's big potential from a number of these new innovations.
Jon Gray: It's important because I do think for individual investors who do not have large finance departments, like institutions, making it easier, the reporting simpler, is important. We work very closely with our distribution partners to try to make the experience better for the underlying customers. And one of our advantages is the scale of offerings, the breadth of products we offer, the number of people we have dedicated to our private wealth solutions area, Joan Solotar and her team have done a great job. We are spending more and more time on technology to try to make that experience better. We're also doing more in terms of communications, because when you go from having hundreds of customers to tens of thousands of customers, how you reach them changes. And so, I think this is part of the evolution, I think, at our scale, given the number of products we offer, we are uniquely set up to do this. It will be done in partnership with the big firms who distribute, who have the financial advisors and relationships, they're critical to our business. But it's an area I think both sides have to get better because the customer experience, I don't think is good enough yet.
Jon Gray: I think it's the major risk that's out there today. We and I think a lot of others believe the economic recovery will be quite strong, which should fuel positive revenues. We're seeing that in our portfolio and positive earnings, but the question is around inflation pressures and multiples. And so, our response to that is to try to buy businesses that are in these good neighborhoods that have real tailwinds. That can grow to offset what could be some multiple pressures. And you see that in, obviously, tech and life sciences and global logistics. But then, in this quarter, we talked about big push into the COVID recovery, travel play, which we did in a number of businesses around the world. We talked about sustainability in area where obviously, there's a lot of capital flowing in and opportunity as we electrify the grid and try to clean up the planet. Housing is another area, we liked a lot. We bought a business that does furnishings for single family homes, finishes, I should say for single family homes. We've done a lot of rental housing, in our real estate business. And so what we're trying to do is position ourselves for things that look and feel is at least bond like as possible. People worry at times, real estate, concerns around that. Yes, if you own a 20 year flat leased office building that could be concerning. But if you own multifamily apartments where you're resetting the rents every year and there's a ton of job creation and household formation, you can capture the benefits of growth. And that's how we're trying to prepare ourselves for what we do think will be a higher inflationary environment.
Jon Gray: Well, I would say Alex, there's still a lot of runway in real estate is a first starting spot, not just in the United States, I think we can do more globally, both institutionally and retail. So I still think we're early days in the build out of that. My next stop would be in credit. In the U.S. and in Europe, obviously, we talked about the early returns in the private BDC in terms of people allocating more capital in a yield hungry environment. If you can deliver consistent yield without taking undue risk, I think that's attractive, I think that can grow. As you move into private equity, there are more opportunities. We've grown our core private equity business, which I don't think we deem is perpetual capital, but has 20 year fund life. And I think there could be opportunities with secondaries and some things in private equity, potentially, for individual investors. But the most important thing to us is to make sure the customer has a good experience. So if we design a product, we want to deliver on the promise of that product and that's first and foremost. We know we can raise capital for lots of different things. What matters is that we deliver. And so, I do think there's opportunity for more things in a perpetual format. There could be royalty opportunities, there could be other opportunities, but it has to be built for scale and built to deliver for the customer.
Jon Gray: Okay, Glenn. I'd say a few things. First off, what's driving the opportunity is this very low rate environment, which I think makes it important that insurance company balance sheets are able to originate more credit directly. And so insurance companies getting more tied to asset managers make sense, because they're the ultimate storage care for that fixed income, it could be real estate, could be corporate credit, could be structured credit. And that's the trend driving this. For us, pro forma for the Allstate acquisition, which we expected the end of this year will be at over $100 billion of insurance AUM. We think we are pretty well positioned in this business, because of the breadth and depth of our credit platform across the firm in both corporate credit and real estate credit and increasingly structured credit. We're spending a lot of time in the space,  runs that business for us, is a very talented executive. We think there's a lot of opportunity for us. We think we can help serve insurance company customers. In terms of use of capital, we have talked about being a balance sheet light company. We will not own a majority of an insurance company. In the case of Allstate as an example, we took a little less than a 10% stake in order to do that transaction and bring in outside investors. I think that's a good model for us, where we take a minority stake and in gauging a long-term contract and try to maximize the returns without taking on new risks for that insurance company balance sheet. So I think Blackstone because of our scale, how we're positioned, I think we can do a lot to help insurance companies. And we're going to continue to spend a lot of time in the area. We hope to grow it, but it is chunky. So it's hard to forecast exactly when and where it will happen. But we will be disciplined around use of capital in this context.
Jon Gray: What I would say is the trend today, obviously strongly towards alternatives. We've been watching it for a while. It seems to be accelerating combination of rates, but also performance. I mean, if you look over long periods of time and private equity and real estate, private equity, we've delivered 15% net for three plus decades. And investors see that. The other thing I'd say is, I don't think a movement of 100 basis points or something in fixed income rates will reverse this. If you think about our clients, oftentimes, big institutions still have targets a 7% or so. So the absolute level of interest rates and what they can get from fixed income doesn't meet their targeted returns. They need higher returns, we believe we can generate from private assets. In the trade to -- essentially trade away liquidity for higher returns make sense. If you look in the credit markets, for instance, I always find it fascinating that high yield bonds today have the same -- maybe a little bit tighter spread than leveraged loans, even though leveraged loans are senior in the capital structure that reflects again, the liquidity premium that people demand for leveraged loans relative to bonds. And that really runs throughout the system. And also, I would say, our ability to intervene in businesses when we own real estate or infrastructure or companies and that consistent return we've been able to generate. And so I think increasingly what you see from investors is, this is an accepted asset class. They're almost all moving towards more. And yes, if rates go up, it could impact markets, could impact this. But I still believe this sort of long-term inexorable trend that Steve described. I think that's likely to continue.
Jon Gray: So, reiterating what you pointed out, BAM has had a really solid last 12 months. In the fourth quarter, despite the turmoil in the hedge fund industry, our BPS index was 2.5% up for us. We were up 18% over the last year and so delivering for the client is key. If you look at total AUM, the business is up 11% year-on-year. And I think the BAM team has done a really good job navigating a difficult environment and delivering. We've also made some important hires. As you know, we brought in Joe Dowling, who was the CIO -- longtime CIO at Brown and did a terrific job there to be the Co-head of BAM, we recently announced the hiring of Scott Bommer, who's a very successful hedge fund manager to help launch a new product. And we're adding more investing talents into BAM. And I think in a low rate environment and I think, most of us believe the long end of the curve moves up, but it feels like central banks are going to stay accommodated, people are looking for places to deploy capital, in some cases, more liquid, like in hedge funds, but where they also have some downside protection and they're not correlated, necessarily with stock markets or interest rates. So I think that puts BAM, as an excellent steward of capital, as having a lot of opportunity. I would also add in adding this investment talent, what we're looking to do in BAM is continue our core mission of delivering, steady returns, downside protected, but also add some things where there's some upside, where there's some semantic investing, some exposure to tech and growth, China, potentially those areas for different customers and offer a broader range to the products. So the BAM business, which has not grown a ton over the last five years, if you ask us, that's a business that we think could grow a lot, could be a bit of a sleeping giant. And I think as we build out to team there, we will get to show some positive things over time.
Jon Gray: So I think it's pretty dispersed. Obviously, the Tac related businesses we have, have seen enormous increases in our Tac related, Tac enabled portfolio looks like a lot of the world, our businesses is associated with content creation, obviously, extremely positive demand for life sciences and life science, real estate really strong. So that area would be quite good. The overall portfolio in the first quarter and private equity was up double digits, the strongest in revenue than it's ever been. And that reflects broader base, things starting to spread out into the broader portfolio now, What we're beginning to see is growth in the physical world. So record slots activity at the Cosmopolitan in our infrastructure business, our   company saw more volume than it's ever in a month well up from 2019 levels. And so, some of this in the physical world, you'll begin to see in coming quarters. And in real estate, specifically, I would tell you that in the logistics and rental housing spaces, which represent the bulk of our portfolio, I don't think we've ever seen fundamentals on the ground better. And that's not yet sort of in the numbers but it's starting to pick up in a big way, logistics had been stronger, but rental housing now, with job creation, household formation is really picking up. On the flip side, of course, office markets remain weak, retail remains challenged, hotels are just starting to pick up. So it's still dispersed but we're seeing a shift here from really strong just in those sectors that did well in COVID. Now two sectors that have been on their back and they're starting to pick up momentum. And so, it feels pretty broad base more U.S. now, Europe lagging as they've had a slower time getting the vaccines out. Asia better, they've done a better job. But I think as you see the vaccine spread, this economic dam is really starting to burst and it's going to be widespread in terms of an increase in activity and revenues across most businesses.
Jon Gray: So on SPACs, we have not corporately sponsored any stack shed. But we have done a number of transactions with them merging, taking back stock and cash. And for our private equity portfolio it's led to a number of the realizations you've read about in Q1. In terms of the competitive dynamic, I think in some cases, yes, SPACs are providing some competition to us. But oftentimes, we tend to focus on larger transactions, which are tougher for SPACs. Many sellers want to sell businesses and who are shelling out, right, they want to get 100% cash, many growth companies don't necessarily want to go public and so it works for certain universe. So with that, more select universe, there can be a little more competition. But overall, we haven't seen it impede our ability to deploy capital. We put out $18 billion in the quarter. By the way, it's mostly a U.S. phenomenon to-date. But we put out $18 billion in the quarter, which was our third best quarter of deployment in our history. So we're still finding areas to invest in. SPACs are out there. It feels like there probably be fewer IPOs of SPAC in the coming months, but I don't think they're going away. I think you'll see some changes, maybe in terms of their disclosure, maybe some changes in terms of alignment, but I think we'll see SPAC in the market for some time to come.
Jon Gray: No. We've been at this for a long time. Ad over the 35 years, the model has worked. We put capital in, but it's modest, as a percentage of the overall size of the funds or the capital we manage. And people rely on our investment process, the talent we have to deliver. And that model continues to work. And there are, these other firms are terrific firms, we have enormous respect for them. But they've chosen something different strategically. We prefer where we sit today, with a market cap, right around $100 billion and virtually no net debt. We like that model, doesn't mean we won't use capital, we have to do some strategic acquisitions, or minority investments in the context of insurance. But we think as long as we deliver for the customers, which is what we've done, historically, and did it in a big way, in Q4, and now again, in Q1, that more capital flows will come to us. And it won't require us to invest significant capital. And so we're going to stick with that model. We feel really good about it. It also allows us to pay out obviously significant dollars to our shareholders.
Jon Gray: It's super repeatable and it's being done in scale. I don't have the exact numbers. But I think about half of our warehouse portfolio, which is over $100 billion growth, including the dead on it is outside the United States. Probably close to that number, Europe is a huge chunk of assets. We're growing in Asia, the fundamentals, it's the same story everywhere, which is as retail moves increasingly online, there's more demand for warehouses, particularly last mile warehouses. And so, we've been the biggest buyer in Europe. We're active in China. We just sold a platform in Australia that was in our closed then graph Asia fund. But we like the fundamentals everywhere. And as the economy reopens, I think we'll see more traditional demand automotive, housing, other businesses, and that'll help. The challenge or concern is, where we see a lot of new supply. And so we continue to focus on this last mile. So it's a space we like, if you think about our real estate portfolio and why we have confidence looking forward is because we're 40% allocated to the best sector in real estate globally. And so I think you'll see those same fundamentals. They're a little bit behind the U.S. other than China, because online is behind, but they're playing catch up. And so being on the ground in all those markets is really important.
Jon Gray: Well, I would say the short answer is, yes. We have a variety. We have large open ended institutional vehicles, BPP U.S., Europe and Asia. And now BPP Life Sciences, we did some individual large transactions as funds themselves, logic core European logistics platforms, one of them. We own Stuyvesant Town here in New York as well. And so and then the investors in the funds come in at different times, as Michael said. So hopefully, over time, there'll be more of a spreading a lot of these deals got done at year end. So we tend to have more in the fourth quarter, BREIT is set up in the fourth quarter. But you're right, we've been planning a lot of these perennials and they should be blooming more and more in greater amounts, and at different times of the year. And this is why you hear a lot of enthusiasm, something very special is happening at Blackstone, there is something extremely special is happening in our Core+ business and net is growing. And yes, over time, this not only the base management fees from Core+, but these performance related fees should come in on a regular basis.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning everyone. First quarter represented a terrific start to the year characterized by strong momentum in all of our key financial and operating metrics and a record store value. Total AUM rose 21% year-over-year, or $111 billion to record levels, with every segment reaching a record for both total and fee earning AUM. Fee related earnings rose 58% year-over-year to $741 million in the quarter, or $0.62 per share driven by strong growth in fee revenues and significant margin expansion. Management fees increased 25% year-over-year to a record $1.2 billion. Fee related performance revenues were $169 million in the quarter driven by the crystallization of revenues from our European logistics platform in real estate Core+. We expect the next significant contribution from Core+ fee related performance revenues will occur in the fourth quarter. For the last 12 months, FRE rose 40% to a record $2.6 billion or $2.20 per share reflective of the continuing positive transformation, the firm's earnings profile that Steve and Jon described. Distributable earnings more than doubled year-over-year to $1.2 billion or $0.96 per share underpinned by the growth in FRE and in nearly five-fold increase in net realizations to $549 million.
Michael Chae: And on the financial impact, Craig, what I'd add is, obviously, more established, but still quite young initiatives like Core+ are contributing in a big way, as we've talked about. The AUM of Core+ is up over 50% year-over-year on a relatively big base. But then, on the quite new initiatives, Jon mentioned growth, Jon mentioned life sciences, I would say those. And this is I think what you're getting at have gone from sort of a year ago, us being an investment mode from a financial point of view, so now those businesses being in positive contribution mode, but they're still early in their ramp in terms of that contribution path. So, a lot going on. And I think, we're very optimistic in the short and longer-term.
Michael Chae: And I'd add to that, Mike, a couple of things. One, Jon alluded to this. In terms of simplifying the reporting. So this is less about technology and more about our own innovations around things like BREIT versus historically have non-traded REITs, sort of, I think we're more opaque performance about sort of the customer experience. So creating a fee structure that was like our institutional fee structure, attractive to retail investors easy to understand, making performance reporting more transparent. And then, I just say one sort of maybe a smaller, more granular technology point, we're – we happen to be a small investor by capital. But more importantly, we've worked with them a lot around sort of partnering to make the retail customer and smaller investor experience better and more transparent with higher service levels around their technology platform, so we're pleased to be partnered with them as well.
Michael Chae: Ken, just to add on this and we've talked about before. I think overall, as Jon said, very good financial performance. I think the net flows in the first quarter show to quite stable picture. But sort of beneath the surface, as we talked about, there is this growth and higher fee direct investment strategies that's going on relative to the traditional fund to funds business. That portion is almost a third of the AUM overall now. And I think a good reflection of that is, first of all revenues being up 27%, if you look LTM over prior period. And the average management fee rate, if you look at it three years ago was about 70 basis points, if you do the simple math of management fee, revenues divided by the fee earning AUM and today that's about 80 basis points, which is along with the AUM growth, you've actually had pricing increases and together that kind of revenue growth. So I think structurally, the business is expanding and pivoting in a very attractive way. Even as we're also very focused on the traditional BPS business and being all we can be in that area.
Michael Chae: Look on the FRE outlook, it's obviously positive. Stepping back, I think qualitatively there, four or so key fundamental drivers that most you're aware of to our FRE momentum. First is expansion of our existing strategies on vehicles, we continue to benefit from that in the first quarter. Second, as we talked about earlier, exceptional innovation of new businesses, which are scaling and beginning to contribute to profitability nicely BXG, BXLS being good examples of that. Third, potential capital, robust expansion, transformational effect on our earnings power given the perpetual and compounding nature of those assets. And then, fourth, your point, a strong margin position, which we'll talk a bit more about in a second. We put out a target once in Investor Day in 2018 as you know, as you all know, well, $2 for the full year 2021, we achieved that a year earlier than expected and one quarter into this year, we're at $2.20 LTM so 10% above that $2 level. So from here, we just say that we're very confident in our continued everyday momentum given the dynamics, I described. On margins, Bill, just to help you a bit, first quarter, looking at any one quarter, as you know, is there's always a bunch of different factors. The first quarter had a number of positive factors, strong operating leverage revenues growing well, in excess of expenses. We had comparisons against fee holidays in the prior year in private equity, the new business is ramping I mentioned. And then, the sort of COVID teeny effect or benefit, which we're all rooting for expecting to reverse later in the year. And in terms of the outlook, we don't want to focus on any one quarter but more over a full year period. If you look in that vein, at the LTM margin, it's approximately 54%, Bill. And I'd say that's a reasonable reflection of an approximate run rate for the full year at this point. So hopefully, that's been helpful.
Michael Chae: Sure, Gerry. Look, I think, first of all, stepping back. In terms of these fee related performance revenues, we do view these as a very high quality revenue stream, it's derived from perpetual capital paid on a recurring basis on a scheduled and contractual timetable without having to sell assets. So it's very much aligned fundamentally to our view with FRE. I think the sort of main component is today, Core+, as you know, that's both BPP and BREIT. I think sort of modeling BREIT, it's straightforward. It's happens at the end of the year in the fourth quarter, you can actually track throughout the year in our net accrued disclosure in the 8K, sort of that balance as it grows in the course of the year. And then, there's the BPP portion of Core+, which are institutional vehicles. And those typically crystallize on the third year anniversary of investor subscriptions. And that forms receivables also separately disclosed in the release. So when you saw that happening this quarter and you'll -- while there'll be modest amounts in the second and third quarters, the fourth quarter in terms of Core+ really, as I said, when you'll see the next significant contribution. There also in terms of other areas of the firm in the credit area, or BDC area and there, it's a quarterly fee related performance revenue based on incentive fees. That is contributing each quarter. It's in ramp mode. So those are more modest amounts, but we expect those over time to grow as well. So those are the two key factors infrastructure is also a strategy that that will resemble BPP in terms of its, FRPR structure. So a number of different products, Core+ being the sort of biggest single contributor right now in terms of strategies and platforms. But this is something that if you step back on a full year basis will continue to scale over time.
