James Taiclet: Rick, it's Jim. Our guidance applies, as you know, only to 2011 and within that time period, which there's only seven months left in the year, 7.5 months, it's a big shift to turn for the carriers. I mean, they're going to stay on the tracks that they're on today. T-Mobile still doing some work on its network, even though it's in a merger discussion, less than I would have hoped at this point, but they're still going to continue to press on. They've got an approval process that it'll be a year to a year and a half, so they're going have to keep the network up and running. So probably not a lot of major changes to any of the networks this year versus current course of speed. In 2012, we're going to -- towards the end of the year, do our bottoms-up review as we always do with our management team. We'll talk to our customers then, they'll probably have some budgets lined out, but it's too early to tell how this will all affect 2012, Rick.
James Taiclet: That's absolutely right. I mean, we had zero tower leasing revenue in our plan for LightSquared, modest amount for Clearwire versus prior year, assuming again, no new markets for them. So positive developments there would be additional opportunity for us. But now let me just caveat that for a second. Again, there's only six months left, 6 to 7 months effectively left in the year now. Any announcements would probably end up in leases and probably the fourth quarter of the year and then lead into 2012.
James Taiclet: Simon, it's Jim. I'll take the first question and Tom will address the REIT question. To our understanding, Sprint Nextel is in the planning stages, as you indicated, of initiating the Network Vision program. From our perspective, it is the planning stages. In other words, we're not necessarily seeing applications on sites quite yet, we're looking forward to that. But given the early days of the program, and I think you understand that we don't put things into our guidance or attempt to quantify them until we get application, so it's not included at this moment.
James Taiclet: Simon, just generally, the intent of the company is very easy to summarize in two words: growth plus yield. We're going to move into a position over the course of the second half, as Tom said, into next year, where we do provide that additional element of yield at some level in a predictable fashion and a smooth entry to our investors.
James Taiclet: Richard, it's Jim Taiclet. Basically, what happened with our Brazil transaction is the purchase prices adjusted for the actual cash flows that were occurring up the towers new and existing in the deal. But the bulk of it was driven by the new towers that were completed and ready to transfer. So those both contributed. Brazil, generally, is we think a very attractive market. There was a spectrum option last year that NII ended up winning a fair amount of spectrum for them to rollout a 3G network. And we've partnered with them extensively in the past, expect to in the future. So for that and other reasons general to my prior discussion, the rollout of data and entertainment in Brazil is going to be exciting in the next few years.
James Taiclet: And going back to the regional carriers, including Metro and Leap, they were in our plan and in our guidance as well in the U.S. at a fairly modest level as compared to some of the nationals. We'd expect that, that guidance is going to be fulfilled over the course of the year. We are pleased to hear both companies outperforming because that should help them fund additional network investments if they believe that's in their best interest. So that's great news for us.
James Taiclet: And on the public safety side, David, that's been a program that our company, and me personally, have tried to advocate in Washington for. And it's great to see that it's getting some traction. But if you go back to the prepared remarks, before we see a lease commence, the carrier or the customer needs to have three or four things in place: one is spectrum; second is funding; third is a business plan that the owner believes in; and the fourth is OEM equipment and handsets. And there is starting to be progress on the first two, which is great. The D block spectrum seems to have been, at least informally, assigned for this purpose. Secondly, the funding has been touched on and quantified. And thirdly, there is some momentum inside the government to proceed with this. What hasn't been announced is the schedule of deployment and network design, vendors, which could be large-scale vendors or even down to the suppliers of handsets, none of those have been identified or announced yet to our knowledge. So those things are all going to have to come into play before we see leases. Now having said that, it makes a lot of sense we hope it will happen, but there's probably a little bit more of a timeline to it, certainly as you suggest, beyond the end of 2011 before we see some commenced leases.
James Taiclet: Mike, it's Jim. I just want to begin to reply to that question with the two words I talked about earlier, growth plus yield. The growth part of those terms is first on purpose because we intend to maintain our position as a growth company through this whole REIT transition and maintain our strategic direction. Therefore, that's the main issue when it comes to our leverage. We want to be able to keep growing. In fact, I would argue that our ability to add 10,000 or so towers in the last year or so is directly a function of our capital structure through the financial crisis down turn cycle. We were able to keep investing in our business when others could not, and we are able to get transactions done at prices that weren't available to us before and may not be available to anyone after. So we're going to keep our financial policy around leverage similar. It may be at the low end of certain ranges, but we're maintaining our growth strategy both domestically and internationally, and you can expect us to continue to do so.
James Taiclet: James, it's Jim. Our preference in most markets is to own 100% of the asset and manage it in a way unilaterally. However, when the situation of either the customer, and often the counter party, to a deal has an interest in staying involved, we're certainly going to entertain that and also, the further afield from our traditional markets we may go, there's a risk management aspect to sometimes having a local partner that's beneficial. Those will be the two factors that would be on the consideration in the future. We don't have any other specific joint ventures to talk to you about today.
Thomas Bartlett: That's exactly right, Rick. Part of the arrangement that we have with MTN, while we're going to be closing on an initial 400 sites and then picking up 500 probably in the third quarter, we've agreed to manage the entire portfolio. So that there is approximately $47 million of total pass-through that is included in the guidance, and probably 2/3 of that is related to the transaction with MTN.
Thomas Bartlett: Simon, on the REIT question, as I outlined, our accumulated earnings and profits that we estimated at the end of this year will be up to $200 million. The actual dividend that might be related to this earnings and profits distribution would be perhaps in the second half of the year, it's kind of the timing that we're thinking about, but that's really up to the Board of Directors, and the actual amount will actually be up to the Board of Directors as well.
Thomas Bartlett: Yes, I mean those kinds of discussions are going on with our Board, and that's really for them to determine, and it'll be more -- we will be able to talk more about that perhaps later in the year or early next year, but the Board is still deliberating through all of the concepts associated with dividend policy.
Thomas Bartlett: Well, our consistent public statement is we don't speak to specific pricing on U.S. transactions prospectively. Each of those transactions is unique, as was site sharing in Brazil frankly, based on the counter parties, the tenants, the capacity of the sites and a number of other factors. So it's not a one-size-fits-all multiple, and that's how we consistently like to discuss it.
Thomas Bartlett: I'll take Jason the first question on the asset test. We don't expect expansion in the U.S. or international to be impacted by our decision to move to a real estate investment trust. I mean, there are a lot of flexibility within the IRS guidelines in terms of leverage that can be used. There's also a flexibility in terms of being able to move those assets, which would qualify as REITable assets into our QRS. So we think that we have a lot of flexibility within the guidelines to be able to continue, as Jim mentioned before, and continue to be a high growth, good-yielding real estate investment trust asset.
Thomas Bartlett: Jason, it's kind of a combination of the two. I mean, we're still very committed to our existing range of leverage. I'm not talking about on a consolidated basis changing our leverage ratios at all. But we can and have started to raise debt at local markets, for example, in South Africa, part of the financing for that particular transaction was debt that we raised locally. And/or we can do it through intercompany loans, which was one of the elements of the PLR to make sure that we can do that. In fact, do that would actually assist us in terms of being able to meet the asset tests.
Thomas Bartlett: David, it's Tom. Let me take the comment to REIT questions first. I mean, clearly, what has been driving us to contemplate moving to a REIT has been the ability to pass that cash along to shareholders, right. I mean, that's the biggest benefit, it's really part of our global tax strategy. Relative to the index in terms of the inclusion, we have had discussions with many REITs, but it's very difficult to say exactly how they may consider us. There is some precedents that you can look at that have recently converted from C Corp into a REIT, and that might give you some sense, at least perhaps how we're thinking of it. But clearly, from an investor perspective and I think it is very important to be included in as many indexes as we possibly can, with regards to the S&P, we believe at the S&P 500 simply because of the weighting would be the same. But it's unclear as to the telecom index and whether that would, in fact, we would move out of telecom index or more into real estate or a REIT-type of index. So not a lot of Christmas, if you will, in terms of a lot of the indexes because a lot of that is kind of determined behind closed doors. So I'm sure we'll have or clarity on that going throughout the next 12 months or so, but it is very important to us, but that wasn't the principal driver, clearly, in terms of what we're doing here.
Thomas Bartlett: Well, let me take the first one, Michael. On the churn, the 2.7%, the answer is no, that's not going to be our run rate. As a matter fact, for 2011, if you take a look at our guidance, it's about 2%. What you actually see happening in the first quarter this year is that -- in the beginning of the second quarter, we actually restructured a contract with a large carrier then in Mexico. And so that artificially overstates, if you will, what the churn is from a run rate perspective in the first quarter of 2011 for us. And relative to your second question, I mean the easiest way -- I mean, 90% of our taxable income needs to be distributed to qualified as a REIT. I think that was your question.
Thomas Bartlett: Well, if I recall, kind of looking, think about kind of 2010, if our kind of our GAAP taxable income was in the 500 general million dollars per range, assuming that all of that income was actually generated by the REIT, which is not going to be, correct? Because part of that income will be generated as part of the taxable REIT subsidiary make up, but 90% of that GAAP income would be distributed. Now keep in mind there's timing differences with regards to taxable depreciation, which is generally around -- it has been historically about $100 million. So if you look at the kind of the GAAP taxable income or pretax income of $500 million and you take $100 million away, which is really the timing associated with accelerated depreciation because we depreciate an average of 15 years versus 20 years for book, if you're talking about $400 million and 90% of the $400 million would be $360 million. But again, that reflects 100% of all of the income being generated within the business would be considered part of a QRS. And right now again, I'm throwing a lot of numbers out of here and you have to kind of pull them together, but right now, if you take a look at our international assets, I mean, they represent 15% to 20% of kind of our total base. So you can consider that as being that part of the total consolidated business that would be part of the taxable REIT subsidiary make up.
Thomas Bartlett: And I think our use of equity capital would be the same, whether it's a joint venture or not. We would look to continue to leverage up some of those local assets to better way to mitigate some cash to access out in those particular markets and hedge cash flows and to the extent that the market is open for us to be able to borrow in at attractive rates, that works well for us in a number of different fronts.
