James Taiclet: Amir, this is Jim. Why don't I take the second part of your question and Tom can go to the more quantitative side after that. As you know, and as you've said, we do not comment on specific customer negotiations, discussions, or their plans. But what we can do is provide you facts for the big four U.S. national carriers in aggregate, and these are average remaining term and domestic churn, excluding our non-national customers. Now we can sort of see the trend of the business as far as duration and fall off. So for 2016, our expected remaining term for the four nationals is 6.6 years and the churn is only approximately 0.2%. So we feel very confident about the stability of our U.S. domestic sort of big four asset base or revenue base right now. And the other piece of that is the escalator, which across the U.S. on average is still above 3%. So I'll turn it over to Tom.
James Taiclet: Sure, David. It's Jim. What I would say about potential substitution anywhere for towers is that - just to remind you, you've all heard this the functional inputs of the franchise value of the tower. And so, first of all, any change of equipment from one tower to another one, assuming you could even build it nearby is fairly costly for any operator. So that's something they would have to put into their equation. Also, the longer the site has been up, the more equipment tends to be on it, et cetera, and the more embedded it is in the network. So there are some network difficulties and economic cost to doing a switch. But as you know the other part of the franchise value is that most municipalities try to manage the number of structures in their jurisdiction, and would take that into account. And then thirdly, we continually try to reach mutually beneficial arrangements with our customers that can ameliorate the impact of specific high price sites as far as the contracts. So we'll continue to help them as we can in that way as well. So I do think that having some metrics for you to track over the years will be a useful way to keep track of all of this, and that's why I wanted to put out to you what our average remaining term is for the big four in aggregate and also what the churn rate for the non-national sort of assets of the big four, excluding the non-national, the assets of the big four are. And as I just said it's 0.2%. And so, again so far with the industry conditions we expect to continue it's very, very low as far as actual churn off, but we'll keep providing you those metrics as we go forward in time.
James Taiclet: Secondly, on the Indian market, it's a critical difference to be a truly independent provider of siting in any country versus a captive provider of siting. In other words, you're a subsidiary or an affiliate of the mobile operator itself. Those contracts I don't want to speak to, but I can speak to our contracts with all mobile operators in India as being market based and therefore arm's length and certain provisions that may apply to captive contracts may or may not apply to ours. I guess I would set the foundation there, because again we don't talk about specific contracts or discussions or negotiations in any of our markets. So that's - I think a fundamental way to look at it is how do independents deal with mobile operators and how do captives deal with mobile operators and again you can track our metrics over time in that regard.
James Taiclet: And, Simon, it's Jim. Regarding our small cell strategy overall, we've chosen to focus on indoor data systems and ultimately indoor small cell systems as where we think the best returns have and can be attained. We're also actively exploring innovative ways to achieve tower-like returns on other what we call macro supplement types of assets, and that could be outdoor small cells and other technologies that can better serve the high density venues. I think the classic tower, the macro tower is going to serve its purpose for the foreseeable future, because we are really in the business of in the macro tower world is providing mobile service in suburban largely and corridor - transportation corridor and rural environments. And where a lot of the small cell demand is coming, as you hear from the carriers and others, is in the really high density locations, such as urban centers where towers don't have a role - much of a role to play anyhow. So this would be a complementary business for us if we could figure out how to scale it, but importantly, how to scale it with tower-like returns. And that's what we're really aggressively exploring today, although I have to admit we haven't solved the problem quite yet. And I think already you're seeing that part of the issue with urban small cell deployments is the municipalities, again, have a big role in what gets built on their jurisdiction and how it gets built and if it's shared or single use. And so there are some municipal delays on some of the projects going on by all of the industry today and we want to continue to work out all those issues as time goes on and figure out if we can get tower-like returns from these kinds of projects. So it's going to be a long cycle approach, 5G, even a standard won't be set till probably 2019, 2020 and then that will start being deployed in some of these dense venues. In the meantime, 4G is the go-to technology for at least the next four or five years, and then another five years to ten years beyond it as you migrate to 5G. So I know we have some time to figure this out, but it is a knotty problem and we hope we can figure out a way to get tower-like returns on a complementary asset someday.
James Taiclet: Sure, Tim. First of all, I'll speak to technology and volume and pricing last. But the technology deployment in India is [indiscernible]. We've got a new entrant just on the cusp of launching national 4G network, which is going to in some ways leapfrog what's available today and also motivating the other market leaders to invest in 4G as well. So we see as Tom said sort of an upcycle in technology investment in India at a scale that may have never been done before given the population in that country. Now that will be over a few years, which has positioned us I think really well with the Viom acquisition as we kind of tuck it in now to ride that wave of technology investment, and there is some great companies involved here. These are significant multinationals like Vodafone as well as Bharti Airtel, as I mentioned Reliance Industries, there is also Reliance Telecom. There is going to be some real competition from really moving quickly through 3G into 4G sort of technology territory. And as we all know, densification and siting equipment needs go up as you go into that higher technology stack. So we're very optimistic about the technology kind of road map for the country. As far as volume, what was interesting about the Viom merger with ATC India was that our major customers happen to be the partners at Indus. So again Airtel, Vodafone, Idea are very large customers of ATC, proportionally not so much actually of Viom where, of course, Tata was the core customer there. So you've got very complementary opportunity when we put these two assets together to drive volume in both directions, which I think is really going to be great for leasing for our market again over the next number of years it'll play out. And then finally pricing, I think it's a miscasting that our pricing is lower than the cap. With our pricing we tend to drive as high as we can without being tethered to the parent and that's been a - I think a fairly successful endeavor. But we do have to stay in the context of the overall market and certainly don't overprice. But I would say that we're probably on the upper-end of pricing, given our independence and the quality of our assets, and finally our ability to do construction jobs quickly and in difficult places.
James Taiclet: Well, we've talked already probably enough about pricing. Those are individual negotiations ultimately with carriers, but there is going to be more equipment on towers. There is going to be more of them and the outsourced model, I think, with our Viom acquisition. And actually the increasing independence of the captives over some period of time as they go public or float more shares and get more mature will probably be ultimately constructive to that.
James Taiclet: Sure, it's Jim. We've been extremely active in business development in Europe for probably 10 years. What hasn't occurred is the asset trading price meeting our investment criteria. It happened once in Germany where we do have a really great base with the KPN assets, now part of Telefónica. So we think we're firmly positioned with a great beachhead in the continent and continually strive to work negotiations so that we can get our investment criteria met and invest more in the region. And so far that combination just we have not been able to secure. And that mainly has to do with asset pricing and the characteristics of the market and the returns you will get. So we are poised to, just like with small cells, aggressively pursue assets that meet our investment criteria. If we can locate or determine those, we will act quickly and decisively. When we don't, we will avoid investing in what we would consider at the time to be lower return opportunities, frankly.
Thomas Bartlett: Yeah, and Amir, I think, kind of coupling what Jim had just said, if you take a look at what our pipelines support, we've talked about this momentum kicking into the second half and we also, as a result, see that about 47% of our total organic business generated in the first half with 53% in the second half. So I think that that also kind of reflects my remarks and Jim's remarks that we continually see this growing pipeline of co-location amendments. In the United States, I think you're well aware that over the last three quarters, it's been a large piece of amendment activity, continually to filling in and meeting that capacity, and so as we've always talked about we see this amendment in co-lo activity in the form of sine waves and so we fully believe that all of the carriers are generating their own sine wave in terms of new business, grooming, co-los amendments. And I think as I mentioned we see a more momentum coming even to the second half of the year, which we think will position us well then for going into 2017.
Thomas Bartlett: Yeah, sure, overall for the region I think I mentioned in my remarks I'm going to say it's in that kind of that 12% kind of range. In that particular market, it's been pretty steady. But it's really interesting with all of the issues that they have in the marketplace, we've seen quite steady performance this year. It's down from where it was last year clearly, and in addition, as I mentioned, we took that additional reserve this particular quarter just from a total revenue perspective. But the level of activity in the market has actually been quite steady and we expect to see that same level of activity for the balance of the year.
Thomas Bartlett: Yeah, I mean the definitions are, Jon, in the release and in the back of the slides that we have here. But I mean the fundamental difference in the organic, we're really trying to - as we talked about last quarter, we're really trying to give a true run rate, a recurring run rate of build revenue. And so the tenant billings if you will, is that recurring revenue that is constantly being invoiced to customers. Outside of that which then gets you to the reported are things like pass-through and straight-line and all of those other elements, which had a lot of volatility from quarter-to-quarter. And then on an organic basis, what we're really trying to do is again give you that recurring revenue that we have from co-los amendments plus escalators, less churn to give you a true view in terms of what additional activity is happening on all of the sites that we have. So if you take a look at, for example, the U.S. in this particular quarter, if you exclude again the decommissioning revenue, which again was kind of that - again that volatile, you're right, for the U.S. it's in the mid-5%s. Right at about that 5.5% and versus the organic number that we talked about now under the tenant billings methodology of 5.6%. So it's very, very similar in terms of what the rates were that we talked about last quarter and that we would see in Q2. Similarly for international, if you looked at the core organic growth we're talking about 13.7% on the tenant billings organic basis which is the number we just referred to. On the international side, again if you backed out the impact of OI we would be right at 13.5%. So again, what we're trying to do is we're trying to just reflect what that real run rate recurring billings stream would be. So very, very similar, just a couple of nuances in terms of the differences between the organic core growth and the tenant billings. The real difference is being that decommissioning revenue in the U.S. which would be the kind of the major element to reconcile it to, and the reserve that we took on the OI or on the Brazilian business in Brazil.
Thomas Bartlett: Sure. Simon, I'll take the first part and Jim take the second part. On the dividends, you're absolutely accurate. We started out being a REIT, we had a sizeable amount of NOLs at that time and we've utilized those largely over the last, three, four years, and so we have $50 million of NOLs or so. And as a result, our payout has been down in the 30%, 35% range, which is where it exists today. We fully expect that as a result of no longer having those NOLs and having assets that are further being depreciated, that over the next couple of years, we would start to see payouts in the 45% to 50% range of AFFOs. So there is no doubt that we're going to be paying a larger piece of that AFFO and then clearly as a result of not having those NOLs available.
Thomas Bartlett: Well, again, it's all subject to board approval. Really looking at - we'll take a year at a time, but we would expect that the - I would expect with that growth rate we'd be able to continue for the next - yes, couple of years.
Thomas Bartlett: Yeah. I mean, Ric, what we're guiding to is that consolidated AFFO, that's always been - our guidance has been based on. I mean, as you well know, over the next several years we have the opportunity to be able to secure more ownership of that Viom asset. And we fully expect that the incremental dollars associated with obtaining that and the cost thereof will be offset by incremental synergies as we're able to secure and merge more of our businesses together in that business and so that's why I continue to look at the consolidated AFFO, because I think that's the better benchmark for us going forward. And so that's what 2016, based upon what the numbers that I just talked about a few minutes ago, that's what our outlook is based on.
Thomas Bartlett: There're two things really. One is the addition of Viom, in terms of fine-tuning that outlook and understanding again the specific terms underneath those specific leases in terms of what would be straight-lineable or not. So that's the most significant difference between the two. And then ongoing, Ric, there are certain elements that in contracts that when you actually - when the site comes up for renewal it automatically extends for a longer period of time and so that also becomes straight-lineable. But the most significant piece was the Viom transaction.
Thomas Bartlett: On a pure ROI basis, Michael, in terms of just the economics of whether a project makes sense or not, capital coming in from a customer is clearly going to have an impact in terms of what that ROI is ultimately going to be. Right? I mean, that's just a discounted cash flow. From a P&L perspective, I think you can see from the release and from - of our supplemental that you can - you recognize just how that revenue is being recognized and it's being recognized over the balance of the lease. And you can see that even on a quarter-over-quarter basis, I think the number is around $20 million, it was almost identical to what it was the same quarter of last year. So that number continues to be fairly consistent on an annual basis. There is not a lot of volatility, not a lot of growth, not a lot of decline in it as we continue to invest in those types of systems where we're actually getting capital contributions. So I look at it from two perspectives. One is just from the ROI whether the transaction makes sense, it just goes into the math to determine whether a particular project meets our internal thresholds to be able to move forward with it, and then the recognition of that particular revenue is done over the remaining balance of their lease term.
