SteveSmith: No, I think you covered it well, Paul. I think, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I mean, we feel like we're well positioned for the overall market trends, and that is really, any enterprise out there has become more interested in how they leverage technology to run their business. And the hybrid multi cloud environment is becoming more and more commonplace for a lot of enterprises. It is complex as to how they navigate that and we're working to try to make that as simple for them as possible, but that's part of what drives that elongated cycle. So it's all the things that Paul mentioned as well as just the overall complexity of how they manage that migration. So overall, I think customers are getting used to whatever the new normal is and working through those complications, but we feel like we're well positioned to support that.
SteveSmith: I guess, I'd just add as far as trending and where we're seeing customer adoption and so forth. I mean, we're fortunate in that we were one of the -- in fact, I think, the first public data center provider to offer an OCX type of offering and Open Cloud Exchange, where it's basically an Ethernet backbone that allows customers to virtually connect to many different services on that backbone. We've made significant enhancements to that over the last several years. That's positioned us well for really where we see the trend going in the future, which is really kind of that end to end serviceability over SDN like network. So I think you'll continue to see more adoption of that and more services come available on that same platform, and that's part of what we're driving towards our product development.
SteveSmith: And I would just add, as far as the overall supply demand dynamics are concerned, we continue to see strong demand in the market. And so we're bullish on where we're heading with those investments, where we sit with our overall capacity and pipeline in that space. So overall, we're confident with where we sit today.
SteveSmith: And I guess the last thing I would just add there is the edge can be defined by a lot of different people in a lot of different ways. And we feel like we're well positioned in a lot of edge markets. I mean, if you look at the key metro areas that we're in, where there's a lot of eyeballs, a lot of enterprises that are in very low latency proximity to our data center campuses. In many definitions, that is edge because we're right next to where those eyeballs and enterprises locate.
SteveSmith: And the other thing, I guess, I would just add is roughly 30% of our base renewing in the year is not a normal. It's very typical for us actually. And if you look at the average length of our leases of roughly three to four years, that's what you can expect, I think.
SteveSmith: Well, I think it starts with kind of the fundamentals of our platform really, as Paul mentioned in his prepared remarks around available capacity. And it's not just the amount of capacity, it's the fact that we have it consistently across really all of our top markets. So historically, we've had some capacity, but it's really been in a couple of markets and to make sure that we're really accelerating were in that specific market. So now we have more opportunity, I think, across the portfolio to have better sales. And then as I look at the pipeline, the pipeline has been consistently strong, heading into the pandemic, but holding that strength and continuing even through the end of the year. So it's hard to foretell exactly what that pipeline will result in. Jeff has mentioned our guidance already. So I think I'll let that speak for itself. But we feel like between the volume of the pipeline, customers getting more, I think familiar, as I mentioned earlier with how they make these business decisions and navigate the complexities of hybrid multi cloud that the combination of all those things bodes well for the overall sales forecast for the year.
SteveSmith: We track the win loss ratios very closely and try to manage beneath the numbers to find out where we can improve on that. There's a balance between, in some cases, winning too many versus obviously losing too many. If you're winning too many then maybe you're giving away pricing or doing something wrong. But we try to make sure we are targeting, first of all, the right customers to value our platform and then ensure that we are getting the most return for our shareholders at the same time, providing valuable service to our customers. So it's that balance of all three of those things that we're working towards. And overall, I would say that the sales team has gotten better and better over time as they've now got better in their skill set, but we've continued to try to, as I call it, deepen the moat on our competitiveness and what makes us unique compared to our peers out there. So I think that all adds up into us being more competitive and being able to win the right opportunities that truly do value our ecosystem. I don't know if that answers your question, but I guess the short answer is yes.
SteveSmith: Nick, yes, we're pleased with how 2020 ended up in Virginia. We had some strong leasing there. And if you look at the leasing, none of it is hyperscale. It's all retail and scale leasing, which is really the core of our business and where we've been focused over time. So really to execute well against that core piece of the business is great to see, given that that market is very much measured and oftentimes by hyperscale leasing. So we still have the ability to take down some of those larger leases if they fit the profile that we've discussed earlier, as far as those that add to the ecosystem and value the ecosystem. But overall, it seems like that market is stabilizing and we feel like we're in a good position to continue to execute on that retail scale, but also well positioned for the right types of larger leases that may come along.
SteveSmith: As far as the connectivity solutions are concerned, Paul mentioned a little bit about this in his opening remarks as to some of the, I think, milestones that we've made during 2020 in attracting additional cloud providers, some of the enhancements to our peering exchange, higher speeds that we're able to accommodate customers, for example, on AWS Direct Connect in Chicago. Those are just some examples of what we've done already but I mean, as you mentioned, your question around win rates or churn and those kind of things. Last year, we announced that we implemented our Inter-Site Connectivity, which really connects all of our markets together. And we've seen some strong uptake from that, in some cases where we won opportunities because we had that service. So we continue to look at those types of services and how we can continue to enhance the OCX, for example, to provide more end to end provisioning of customers and the trade-offs of demand versus the cost to enhance some of those features. Those type of things, I think, are continuing to be top of mind for us and our customers. We announced earlier this year that we rolled out our DCI visibility to give customers visibility on as to what's going on in their environment over the portal, and that's been very well received. So it's all of those kind of things. It's really kind of easing the path for customers to become customers and making that interoperability a lot more seamless for them.
SteveSmith: As we mentioned on the call, I think we had 89% come from existing customers in the last Q. And that's not unnatural for us, I mean, which is really part of the reason why there's such a focus for me and my team on driving new logos, because as we win those new logos and they come in, the likelihood of them landing and expanding becomes much greater. So not relying on just the base to continue to expand over and over and over again. So the ratios are probably fairly consistent, although, we look to try to overweight more in that new logo category. But as you look over time, I think anywhere from 70% to 90% in expansion is not uncommon.
SteveSmith: I would say they're both pretty similar, as you get to the higher end of the scale, those can be a bit more complex in private cages that take a little bit more time to deploy. But they're all relatively in the same time period.
SteveSmith: I'll just start, I guess, with the simple answer of yes. It's all of that. I will tell you that we are trying to get into sales cycles earlier, which is part of the reason they become protractive because we're in earlier. So therefore, we're in them longer. But they're also more complex, as I mentioned earlier. So as we look to really try to communicate our overall value and messaging to the marketplace around not just the nuts and bolts of the data center but the value that they can extract from the data center and the ecosystem that is embedded within it, that will hopefully allow us to position ourselves better with those enterprises earlier that may actually elongate those sales cycles as we've seen but hopefully, better position us for more opportunities and give us a better position at the table as they make those decisions.
SteveSmith: Well, I think it continues to normalize. I mean, it's hard to know what normal is in today's environment. But I think the process, as I mentioned earlier, has become more normalized. It's still a long process. And frankly, we still have more work to do with our sales team to get better and better at this and get better at our messaging. And as I mentioned earlier, try to deepen our moat on our value. So I don't think it's a static thing that we ever say mission accomplished. It's always trying to get better at trying to get in more deals and work them more efficiently. So it's hard to say that you can expect the status quo going forward because I don't think there ever will be in the high tech sector.
SteveSmith: No, just minor correction. It was 13% over 2019, but in the ballpark, to be accurate. But yes, it was a good year. We'd like to do more. I mean, I would like to see more. We've got a beautiful building there that now we can extend all the value that we've had, our 427 LaSalle location and we're optimistic about the opportunity there. But as Paul mentioned, we did have good leasing and we expect that to accelerate as we go into 2021.
JeffFinnin: No, it's going to require some meaningful sales execution just as every year requires it. And I think when you look at where we ended the year this past year at just below $40 million, I think realistically, we would expect and anticipate somewhere being north of that $40 million as we think about this year, just to give you some idea. Obviously, I don't want to get into too many specifics because we don't generally guide to that. But that gives you some sense for what we're thinking about as we head into 2021.
JeffFinnin: Nate, I'll just offer a little bit there. Obviously, the pricing in full you're looking at is on a per square foot basis. And on the renewal pricing, when you look at what we did this year, the dollars per square foot were compressed largely due to the density inside those deployments. So the density really plays into the fact and when we're obviously competing and having those conversations with customers, pricing is going to be on a kilowatt basis. And so I wouldn't read too much into that on a per square foot basis. There's just a lot of variables, density being the largest in terms of what's going to ultimately resolve in that pricing. But obviously, as we head into 2021, you saw where we ended 2020 right about in the middle of our guidance for our mark to market at 0.8%, and we expect to be somewhere in between that 0% and 2% as we work our way through this year. And then obviously, we'll continue to watch it beyond that and give you additional color as needed.
JeffFinnin: Well, as you think about it, obviously, as we've pointed out, we've got about 200 of that coming from the single customer at SV7, that will occur in the second half of this year. And in terms of what are we doing to get our arms around it, I can tell you that between my team and Steve's team, it's something that we address on a weekly basis, trying to continue to look as far forward as we can, both through conversations and relationships we're having as well as looking at incremental data around each of those deployments to better understand ultimately what that information is telling us on customer behavior to help give us a point on which direction those are ultimately going to go. And from a customer service perspective, it's always been a very high part of our business, and I would say we're continuing to even elevate it to a higher level under the guide of our operations team, and it's something we're continuing to get out in front of. We want to make sure we retain those customers every time we can and when it makes sense. And hopefully, avoid any of the surprises like we had in the past. But based on where we sit today and what we know today, we think that 6.5% to 8.5% for 2021 is a good number and is in right in line with what we anticipated.
JeffFinnin: Yes. Obviously, it's a big percentage from a square foot perspective as you look at the number of leases there being the 12, as you pointed out. And as I sit here today, I don't think there's a significant risk given where they are on each of those. And it's just something we're going to have to watch closely as we work our way through the year. Obviously, one of those is included in our churn guidance for this year. So take that one out of the equation, the remaining 11 are the ones that I would refer to. And obviously, something that we'll continue to watch closely. I think we've always had a history of any time we see something on the horizon that is sizable like one of those, we'll try and give you guys some heads up on that if and when that becomes clearer. But at this point in time, we don't see anything that we need to raise at this point in time.
JeffFinnin: Colby, just to confirm, Paul has confirmed, we do have some level of revenue associated with SV7 in our guidance. And I would point you to it, it's probably in the back half of this year versus the first half. And then in terms of those margins, we do have some drag, especially here in the first half as we go through the lease-up of, for instance, CH2 where we're obviously incurring those expenses and not only operating expenses, but the additional property tax insurance expenses associated with bringing those on. And until we get those two, call it, roughly 35% lease is probably about the breakeven point for us. There's going to be some drag as we work through the bottom level of that J curve. And so we would expect those to improve over time as that asset and others lease up.
JeffFinnin: Mike, in terms of the carry cost that are impacting those margins, most of those carry costs are going to be up in our operating expenses line item, that's where our data center teams get aggregated in terms of the expense recognition. In terms of the G&A growth of 11%, basically, most of that is being driven by some noncash compensation increases. And then some of that's being driven by expected increases in our travel and entertainment, as we expect to get back to, I guess, some normal sense of the level of whatever that looks like in 2021. And just to give you some sense, we anticipate the first quarter to continue to be at some very low levels of travel. But as we work our way through the year, anticipating some of that to start coming back and being introduced into the business, and we'll just see how things perform is and whether or not things open up to that extent. But that gives you some idea of what's driving the G&A. In terms of leverage, we finished the year at 5.2 times. And if you think about 2021, based on our anticipated capital needs and the timing of that capital deployment, I would imagine we would oscillate somewhere between 5.2 and 5.4 times during 2021, as we work our way through the year. And so obviously, a topic we always talk with our Board about and us here at the management team as well as our Board, we're comfortable continuing to let that reside in those levels here in the near term. So that's kind of what we expect for 2021.
JeffFinnin: Nick, obviously, in 2021, it's not currently in our business plan just based upon capital needs and where our leverage is. Obviously, beyond that, it remains to be seen. But as Paul alluded to, we sit at 81.9% occupancy here at year end. And as we work to drive that north, call it, to somewhere in the mid to upper 80%, that EBITDA growth can drive not only a lot of value inside this organization but obviously, will help us with that leverage. And then as we continue to look out in terms of when we're going to need capital, whether it's for SV9 or some incremental computer rooms. But near term, most of our capital is going to be directed towards those second and third phases of some of the new builds we've just completed and the EBITDA growth relative to capital deployed in those scenarios are much, much higher EBITDA growth, resulting just because of the low levels of capital needed to bring that capacity to the market, since we've spent roughly 50% of it already. So I think that's where we are in the cycle. And we'll continue to disclose what we can as we get closer to the need for bringing on more capacity. So that's kind of how we're viewing things near term.
JeffFinnin: Ari, I think as you look at several of the years, since we basically come public in 2010, I mean, you saw churn ranging from, I think, one year, we were down at 5.5% and then, obviously, this year would have been high at 11.6%. But when you look at and take away some of the highs and lows, on average, we were somewhere right around 7.5% to 8% on a regular basis. And so that's the way I'd probably think of it, somewhere around 1% to 2% per quarter is really what we would classify as fairly typical for us. As you think about 2021, to give you some sense for where we see that, I would anticipate our churn being somewhere between 1% and 1.5% in each of the first and second quarters, and then it would be a little bit elevated in the back half, probably 2% to 2.5% in the back half of the year, as we have the one customer moving out and some in September and some in October. Just to give you some sense for how we think the year will shape up for 2021.
JeffFinnin: Every year we go through a process of looking at the information we disclose and how it's being received and how it's being utilized. And we're always looking for ways to enhance the message by giving good and many times more transparency in certain situations like this one. We felt summarizing the information just felt and gave, and tried to simplify the message. We did the same thing in our debt disclosure table. But the debt, you can go to our 10-K and get all the nitty gritty details that you need. And as Steve pointed out, adding some additional disclosures around how we're managing the business from a sales perspective, we think helps with transparency and aligns it much better. So we're always looking for ways to improve upon it. Specific to your question, trying to simplify it, David. And if there's something in there that's meaningful and is causing some real issues, let me know what it is, and we'll see if we can help you out.
JeffFinnin: Michael, in terms of 2021 guidance, as I mentioned earlier, our overall volume increases in 2020 were 7.7%. We actually expect volume increases for 2021 to be around 7%, which is right in line with where our revenue growth is guided to at this point in time. So what we're not certain of and haven't baked into the guidance is how much incremental revenue growth we would receive from customers as they're rolling over on their new lease terms or any migration to those higher priced products. We saw a lot of that activity in 2020 and at this point, have expected that to be fairly muted for 2021. And we'll just see how that rolls out as we go through the year.
JeffFinnin: Well, I would simply say we continue to target that AFFO payout ratio of somewhere around 90%, 92%. And you can see we're just a little bit higher than that currently over the last trailing 12 months. But I don't anticipate that payout ratio increasing, that's the level we're comfortable with at this point in time. And so dividend increases are going to be very highly correlated to cash flow growth. So I would say look closely at the AFFO growth and that's really going to give you a better indication on what that dividend growth is going to look like longer term.
PaulSzurek: We look at a lot of things, as we've said in the past, and our guidance is strategic fit, which really means what type of revenue synergies can we generate an above standard growth, if we do make the investment and then return on invested capital. Does it benefit our shareholders in the intermediate and long term, and hopefully, the short-term as well or does it not? We're not averse to partnering if that makes sense and the opportunity is there. But generally, that can be more complicated than it sounds at first glance. Again, we've looked at a lot of things. And when those criteria are met, we'll do something. When they're not, we won't.
PaulSzurek: So I'll let Steve address supply and demand in that market. Although I will tell you, I feel good about it. SV9, as we said last quarter, we are targeting having our permits and everything by the end of the first quarter. So far, the processes are trending that way. But in that market, and Jon, you probably know the dynamics of permitting and power there as well as anybody. You can't really say it's done until it's done. So we still have a couple more things we've got to finish up. And hopefully, we'll get those finished up and have it shovel ready by the end of this quarter.
PaulSzurek: We have. I don't think anyone can say right now that with certainty, they know exactly what's going to evolve. But our expectation is that there's minimal exposure for us of workloads that are currently in our data centers going to the edge exclusively. And there's probably a good opportunity for our data centers as core peering places in the central markets to benefit it through the increased products and services that are offered at the further edge through 5G, IoT, things like that, just because of -- the beautiful thing about data is that it works when there's a lot of it pooled together, and you'll see a lot of that necessary for those applications. So that's our high-level view of it. We continue to monitor it closely and evaluate potential product help in those areas and partners to work with. But at a high level, we think it will be ultimately beneficial.
PaulSzurek: Jordan, current thoughts haven't changed. We're still optimistic about backfilling that space in SV7.
PaulSzurek: I mean, we typically don't give previews of when like something might be signed. But when it is signed, we'll announce it.
PaulSzurek: Jordan, the only thing I'd add to what Jeff said is that the categories of customers that drove churn over the last couple of years are now a very, very small percentage of our portfolio, and those are business models that have been especially disrupted by cloud.
PaulSzurek: I mean, we've had numbers that low or even lower in prior years. And again, it relates to the cyclicality of some of these business models or actually, I should say, the secular changes that affect some of these business models. Again, that's our guidance. We wouldn't put it out there if we didn't feel that it was the right range to put out there.
PaulSzurek: Well, I mean, it depends on which history. And as I said, we certainly have numbers that low in previous years.
PaulSzurek: Our current plan is to backfill SV7 with one or two customers, and Jeff can confirm. But I believe there is some revenue from that in the guidance, but I know we don't give specifics about individual leases, and Jeff can confirm this as well. But margins are simply -- the good news is we got 40 megawatts of capacity that we can lease. But that has a margin impact, because with baking capacity, you're still paying all the expenses but without offsetting revenue. So there is definitely an opportunity to expand margins as we lease up that 40 megawatts.
PaulSzurek: It gives us an opportunity to accelerate our growth rate in the back half of the year if we're successful with our sales.
PaulSzurek: I may be wrong about this, and Jeff can correct me. But I think because of the capital intensity of the data center business and you either have to issue shares or stock, that once you get to a certain level of maturity and occupancy, you're always going to see lower FFO per share growth, then you see an FFO growth, then you see revenue growth, because you've got to cover the cost of financing the capital expansion. We've certainly seen that as we've looked across the industry generally. But I do think, I mean, getting back to your point, Mike, it's a good one. And I'd circle back to the 40 megawatts versus 23 megawatts. We've just got more occupancy that we have the opportunity to fulfill. As we do that will have a positive impact on our margins and our growth rate and our flow through to FFO.
PaulSzurek: It's a good question, Ari. I think it's more looked at by market but I would say we're a little bit over what we would ideally want right now. And primarily, that's because we haven't been as successful out of the gate with CH2 as we would have liked to. We've gone into the reasons for that in the past. But we're still very happy with that asset and we think it's going to perform well, and it has a good enterprise pipeline. But so far it's been a little bit slower than we expected. Ideally, we'd lease up at a faster pace this year. And I think somewhere in the 25 to 30 megawatts of capacity plus the ability to expand in existing data centers with new computer rooms and ready to develop land so that we have the optionality to expand capacity, that's probably the right way to think about the business model for our current size.
PaulSzurek: I would only add that some of our most valuable customers that Steve and his team have brought in and added, which have these some of the longer sales cycles are the ones who are going to come in, and they're going to use multiple clouds, multiple networks, probably some of the cloud adjacent storage and other cloud adjacent utilities and they're moving typically out of a traditional kind of on premises environment. So there's just a lot more moving parts for them and a lot more work with solution partners and our solution architects to make sure we get their initial deployment and setup right, so that they can have the ability to expand and add new features as they grow into their hybrid multi cloud architecture.
PaulSzurek: So we don't have any real updated information. It almost seems like there's a little bit of pause. The proposal has been reduced but hasn't gone away completely and who knows it may be tied to bigger fiscal things going on relative to Washington and the COVID Relief/Stimulus Bill, but honestly I don't have very good tea leaves into the political situation tale. So I can't really address that. We haven't seen anything similar in other markets. I recall vaguely three, four years ago, Chicago floated something like that. And then when they saw what the impact would be on business in their state and their community, they shut it down. So I mean, I think all these municipalities are focused on the fact that, that business and that activity is portable to other jurisdictions. And so they have to make a judgment as to whether they're cutting off the nose to spite their face, if they implement a tax like that.
