Thomas A. Bartlett: Hey, Phil. No, it's a function of what we see in our backlog in terms of the application volumes that we have in place and based upon the discussions that our teams continually have with our customers at the local level. We're expecting to see these kinds of trends continue.
Thomas A. Bartlett: No, I mean given that the existing levels that we have to the extent that we seek increases in those levels of activity, I would expect there to be an increase in the overall organic growth.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes. And as I said, Simon, with regards to the levels of churn, given that this year will clearly be what we believe to be the high watermark for churn, we expect to reduce levels come next year. And so even in my comments, getting into 2020, we would expect to start to get back to more normal levels of organic growth. We're generating 8% of gross growth this year, and we would expect normal churn in that 3% to 4% range. And so that's why ex this churn, we would have probably in the 4%-ish range of organic growth, and then you have the incremental churn on top of that. And so we would expect the carriers, as they come out of this consolidation process, to continue to invest in their markets, some probably even more than others, to try to gain some level footing if you will in the marketplace. And so we would expect 2020-2021 to get back to more normal levels of organic growth that we've seen over the past several years.
Thomas A. Bartlett: And you're right, Jonathan, this does not include the impacts of the Tata settlement. We continue to work with our customer, our shareholder on what that settlement will look like. We would expect that that settlement will probably happen over a couple of year period. We're working through with the carriers to really assess just how many sites are going to be needed to be able to support their existing customer base and new hands. And we're also continuing to look at what additional costs will be needed in our own business given the lower levels of business. So a lot of ongoing activity with that relationship, but you are right, it is not included in those numbers.
Thomas A. Bartlett: It's very difficult to say. They have their own regulatory requirements in terms of just how much of that network needs to be – how much of the population needs to be supported over the next couple of years. It will largely depend upon the demand on that network, I believe. And so, as I said, we're really pleased with the activity, and it's not just from ALTÁN, but it's from the entire marketplace. So we would hope to see this kind of activity for many periods to come. But depending, as I said, I think to the success of ALTÁN with leasing out its own network, I think will largely drive what that activity might look like over the next several years.
Thomas A. Bartlett: And, David, on your first question, maybe there are a number of events that are going on in India. We have the merger of our legacy businesses into our joint venture business that's, we believe, creating some opportunities and with the write-down that we recently took in the quarter. And then more broadly, I think that we have a number of initiatives that are going on around the world that our tax group is actively working on to be able to mitigate as much tax exposure as we possibly can. So I think among those three areas I think is really driving some of the improvement in overall cash taxes that you referred to.
Thomas A. Bartlett: That was an event that occurred in the quarter. So, yes – no, we do now have that legacy business now officially merged into the traditional Viom business.
Thomas A. Bartlett: And, Amy, just following up on your question with churn, as I mentioned, we're looking at the $110 million, $120 million of churn in 2018. Probably 60% of that will occur in the second half of the year given the assumptions that we've made relative to transactions getting approved and notifications coming in to when those leases will actually be canceled. As I mentioned it is the high watermark. We've talked about the $150 million to $200 million of total churn. And given the 120-ish in 2018 with the RCom and MTS churn of – in the fourth quarter in the $30 million to $40 million, you can back into what we would expect to be the 2019 related churn. Now, again, this can move around based upon what kinds of cancellation notices when in fact we do get these but this is our best estimate of when we think this churn will actually impact us between 2017 and 2019.
Thomas A. Bartlett: And, Batya, with regards to your second question, you're right. We anticipate now slightly more M&A activity and capital dedicated to M&A. So that's one of the reasons as well as the timing of when the buybacks occur, so that impacts what the ultimate weighting would be.
Thomas A. Bartlett: No, you are, Ric. There's incremental churn, what we anticipate coming from Aircel which is driving it. There are some timing benefits as a result of some other churn that we assumed in the business is being pushed out later in the year.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, you're absolutely right. No, that's exactly right. And if you take a look at the impacts to EBITDA on top of the impacts of that revenue related largely driven by the churn from Aircel, there were some outstanding receivables that we needed to reserve against given the bankruptcy process. And that was what we booked, as I mentioned we booked in Q1.
Thomas A. Bartlett: So, Ric, everything's integrated here. Tata is a partner in ATC India now based on the overall legal entity consolidation. So they have a stake in the success of the business as well. They've got – and we have other partners in the JV. And so we're all working through the simultaneous equations that speak to the participation length of time in the JV, the exit from that, the run rate of revenue and potentially a settlement portion at some point in the future, so all those things are wrapped together. And it's a constructive process among the partners right now on all those dimensions. And once we conclude it, we'll be able to report out all of the specifics.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: It is too early to see any change in behavior, if it indeed will occur at all from either Sprint or T-Mobile on their current network plans. The public statement referred to them continuing with those plans. But if we see any adjustments that are significant enough to affect the guidance, we'll let you know, of course, next quarter.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: Sure, I'll take the first one, Jonathan. Good morning. As far as the tower industry evolution in India, it's exactly what we'd like to see, and very much we expect the outcome to look a lot like where the U.S. industry is. What I mean by that is, there were a number of and still are a number of captive, as they're called, tower cos in India, which are owned and controlled by mobile operators. The behavior of those companies is heavily influenced by the interest of the operators. And we've always had an expectation since our initial investment that over time those operators would monetize their towers, sell them off into independent companies like ours, and you'd have a rational tower market in addition to a rationalizing carrier market with three or four operators. So we expect at the end of the day three or four quite strong, well-capitalized mobile operators like we have in the U.S. Now we also expect two to three significant tower companies managing the bulk of those assets, again, like we have in the U.S. So the long-term industry evolution for India we think is going to end up very similar to the United States as they enter a very competitive 4G environment, which again is the same situation that happened here about 10 years ago when Alltel, Nextel, and AT&T Wireless merged into bigger carriers. So that's how we see the landscape playing out, and I think that would be very constructive for our already independent tower company, given our scale.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: The Sprint/T-Mobile merger wouldn't affect our capital allocation process, which includes reviewing and acting on international opportunities that fall within our investment criteria, so that is not affected by the Sprint/T-Mobile merger. That process will remain in place. As far as the 5G plan announced by T-Mobile and Sprint, it again doesn't change our conviction on one thing that I tried – emphasized in the prepared remarks is the macro site role in the 5G network rollout in the U.S. I think is pretty clear now; that it's going to be a foundational role, most of the population, about 85% of it. And the vast, vast majority of the geographic coverage is outside of urban and dense urban areas. So we feel that this validates the hypothesis we've always had, which is those macro towers are going to be the foundational infrastructure for 5G. As to fiber and small cells in urban and dense urban areas, again, we have the same strategic view of this, which is location rights at scale on a franchised basis are the value-creating opportunity for us. We'll buy or lease or find fiber from the existing marketplace that's already there in the U.S. Multiple competitors in every urban market, lots of existing asset base, a competitive supply chain, we'll go buy fiber from the market to support the small cell franchise rights should we get them at scale. So it doesn't really change the strategy there either, frankly.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: Sure. I'll start with the second question on innovation. Our biggest investments so far have been fiber-to-the-tower bases infrastructure opportunities in Latin America predominantly, right? So we have an investment in Mexico along those lines and one in Argentina. With those fiber-to-the-tower assets, they also come with the scale transmission rights based on utility poles that come with those particular companies and businesses. So that's the bulk of the actual capital investments so far or M&A investment if you will. Then we have some smaller very targeted investments and one is Federated Wireless, a reference I made earlier where we are working with them as a minority owner to help craft the CBRS spectrum utilization plan for small cells, predominantly in indoor venues is our main interest but outdoor as well. And hopefully, we will be able to help guide that process of utilizing that spectrum in a way where we can get franchise real estate rights, help deploy and get our carries a much cheaper access, especially to indoor opportunities in office buildings, apartments, et cetera. So that's one small investment we've made. Another one which is fairly modest under $10 million is with the Philips alliance, where we co-develop with them an actual product that is being deployed in California right now, to combine LED lighting system which reduces the cost of the municipality for lighting, plus the transmission system for 4G and 5G embedded in the pole. So again, that's another place we made a small investment. And it goes down the line. And we've got innovation teams, David, deployed around the world, very highly qualified people and a fantastic CTO in Ed Knapp that is managing all of this under my guidance. And we will methodically keep making these investments as we go forward.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: As far as T-Mobile and Sprint's network plans, they're not a surprise, the internal analysis done by the two companies. They also may well include sites from say Clearwire, MetroPCS et cetera that were likely to be reduced or decommissioned over time anyway by the independent companies. That could be a portion of them. But as I said in the remarks, I mean at the end of the day should this merger come to fruition and completion, there will be an intelligent rationalization of the 100,000 plus or minus cell sites that the companies have today into something that will give good coverage, but will need to be improved itself over time. And as I said, when you're starting to apply 2.5 gigahertz spectrum to cell sites that were designed for 800-900 megahertz spectrum, there's got to be a density need over time. There's also going to have to be significant, we think, amendment activity on the sites that are consolidated into that will offset some of the leases that sunset over the next few – many years actually is the way these usually turn out. So we're not surprised by any of it. One of our benefits as a company, we have the leading tower portfolio. We are a highly focused macro site company that doesn't need to necessarily feel that we have to make any tradeoffs elsewhere. And we've got great contractual relationships with both companies and really good business relationships. So we tend to be their network partner in evolving to the layout and infrastructure topology that they're going to need to grow from in the future. So we see this as a very constructive opportunity for us should it go through. And we'll work with them and I think will be a good outcome for ATC, as I said.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: On our U.S. demand cycle resource constraints aren't a factor for what we do on our sites at all, Amir. So, I wouldn't look at that as any an obstacle or problem that we face. We have an outstanding supply chain. We've got great operational employees and a very tight organization in the U.S. So we don't face those constraints I believe in any material way. And secondly, as I described in the remarks, yeah, there are applications starting to coming in for certain types of antennas, trial sites, that three or four of the carriers have already announced that they are going to be in certain markets installing this equipment. So we're getting applications starting to come in for those projects.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: I'll give you one quick example, just the 600 megahertz antenna versus the 700 megahertz antenna, the optimal antenna height if you will is an extra foot, right? So that comes with weight. It comes with an up charge. So that's just one small example of when you get into more advanced technologies, whether it's lower band spectrums, which have bigger antennas or higher band spectrums, which have smaller antennas, but a lot more of them and a lot closer together, that the physics are hard to get around. You've got to – if you want to put that traffic out there using those frequencies, you're going to have to deploy the equipment at scale to meet that 30-plus percent increase in data demand. And whether you're using 600 or 2,500, the trade-offs and everywhere in between the trade-offs are based on physics, Amir. And there's an equipment set that comes with those.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: Sure, Batya. I'll take the first one. And, Tom, you can speak to the share count. We don't see any change in the competitive environment in the U.S. On the major MLA front, we have no visibility first of all to anyone else's agreements or conversations with customers, but we as the market leader, we would envision ourselves not changing our approach at all. It's patient. It's agnostic in between, a holistic-type comprehensive wholesale deal and a set of retail transactions we'll work with the customer to get our best outcome and their best outcome should we find common ground. So agnostic on that, but we're basically looking for the highest level and most reliable cash flow with the least downside in every agreement we have. When it comes to new build opportunities, there's been a competitive tower build environment in the U.S., for the very few sites that do get built here from the ground up on a macro basis for many, many years since certainly I've been here. Some of the players and companies and names and promotional efforts change, but that market's always been there and when we can get our return we'll build towers and where we can't others will underbid us and they will get that opportunity. But with 40,000 plus I think we're in pretty good shape. So we don't really see any change from our perch in the competitive environment and whether it's new builds or existing infrastructure.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: Tim, I believe that many of the carriers, not just T-Mobile and/or Sprint, feel that this is a real business opportunity for them, cable substitution, fixed broadband to the home using a range of spectrum assets based on the topology and the population density of the homes. And of course, there is spectrum available for that, but it's limited. And therefore, if these projects actually get deployed at scale and they're beyond say millimeter wave spectrum, which will be effective for maybe a couple hundred yards or a few hundred yards, you're going to be into macro sites or mini-macro sites with mid-band spectrum. And if you're going to be again putting through the bandwidth gigabits per second type of speeds that is required to do fiber or cable-to-the-home type competition, you're going to have to have a lot of transmission sites. So the trade-offs are there, whether you want to dig a trench down the street and through everybody's yard or you want to deploy macro sites that have slave mini-macros and then last quarter-mile transmission to the home. There's going to be a cost to competing in either of those environments, but there are a number of mobile companies that have made public statements about their interest in competing on fixed wireless, and that's absolutely the way to do it.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: Yes, Tim. Last year or the year before, we were up in the high single digits, low double-digit growth rate. Given the demand that we believe we're going to see in that marketplace, we believe that we're going to be getting back to those similar rates of growth.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: The large pieces of the existing business, Brett, is coming from R-Jio, as I mentioned. So they continue to expand. 80% – 90% of the country's data traffic is now going over their network. And so they're continually having to invest heavily into that business and continually to expand the capacity of that network. We would expect that once we would get through the process that they're going through, which is probably another 18 months or so in the marketplace, that then all of the carriers, the remaining carriers will start to invest heavily into that market for both voice and data and continually building out their 4G. So we think that because R-Jio is not going through that same kind of consolidation process that the other carriers are going that they're able to maintain just more focus on building out their network, underlying what their foundational infrastructure looks like. And so they're just able to build on it and continue with it. And so we would hope and we would anticipate that we'd be able to continue with the R-Jio deployment, and then on top of that, be able to enjoy the growth coming from the other consolidated entities.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: No, you're exactly right. We would anticipate, we have a lot of single-tenant towers in the marketplace, so we would expect to be able to really leverage that infrastructure to be able to enjoy that kind of growth going forward.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: Absolutely. And I hope you are as pleased as we are with the outcome of the hockey playoffs there, Ric.
James D. Taiclet, Jr.: Ric, that depends on a couple things, whether it's amendment or colocation. The amendments tend to be quicker. And it also depends on the contractual arrangement with each carrier and their own internal approval process. But the lead times are still for amendments in weeks or a couple of months. And when it comes to colocations, it could be three to six months depending on the carrier. So those are the timeframes. So I'd say just to give it some shorthand; a quarter for an amendment, two quarters for a colocation. That's the visibility we have on average.
