Rod Smith: Yeah. Simon, good morning. Thanks for joining. I'll hit the leverage piece first, and then Tom will address the dividend more broadly. When you think about the leverage, we've been a little bit higher than our stated range. We've been up in the 5, 3 range. We did end this quarter at around 5.0 that was benefited from some non-recurring one-time revenue items. So we do expect that to tick back up towards the end of this year. And we expect to end this year, again, higher than our stated range of 3 to 5 times up in the 5.2%, 5.3% range. It is a priority of ours to bring that leverage down, along with driving organic growth operational efficiency, expanding margins, controlling the SG&A in the -- and ultimately, the AFFO and AFFO growth that we can drive. So the target is to get to 5.0 as soon as we can. We'll be working through that diligently next year. And a lot of these operational objectives around organic growth and driving AFFO as well as capital allocation, our capital plan, specifically you'll see a reduction -- you've seen a reduction in our capital plans this year versus last year. And that, again, is all in line with trying to drive down leverage and strengthen our balance sheet. We do think those are important steps to take to drive total shareholder return in the short term and the long term. So that's what it's really all about the dividend holding it flat next year is in line with that. I mean, I'll say, we believe that's the best use of capital in terms of strengthening the balance sheet in this time of uncertain rates. When it comes to M&A, we continue to not see compelling M&A opportunities in our pipeline. So it's not something that's hitting our radar screen in terms of capital allocation this year and we turn the corner into next year. Then I'll turn it over to Tom to hit and a little bit more directly.
Rod Smith: Sure. I'll take that one. So we're not going to give specific guidance for 2024 at this time, obviously. And I don't want to get into specific care activity levels because I want to leave it to them to talk about the rollout plans. But in general, we have seen activity levels moderate over the last several months from the recent highs. However, the visibility that we have into a baseline level of contractually guaranteed growth through these comprehensive MLAs allow us to reiterate our expectation that we're going to achieve an average annual OTBG growth rate of at least 5% in the U.S. and Canada segment between 2023 and 2027. And despite some of the concerns that people have in the market over the recent moderation we have visibility into a level of organic growth in 2024 that's supportive of that average. Now having said that, I want to break down the components a little bit, we do not have visibility into another year of $230 million growth from colocation and amendment activity. That's far away a record from American Tower. But we balance that with an expectation for some moderation in churn following 2023, excluding Sprint. Our MLAs do provide us visibility into a level of colocation and movement contributions that exceeds the average we've seen over the past several years. And again, it's supportive of that at least 5% average OTBG that we've guided to between 2023 and 2027. And to reiterate on our Sprint churn, the annual impacts of our Sprint churn have been $195 million in 2021, $60 million in 2022, and $50 million in 2023 and $70 million in 2024 for a total of $375 million. So we're past the peak of that churn, and there's no change to that cadence versus our prior guidance in that respect.
Rod Smith: Yeah, David. So let me hit the first part of your question. I think I missed a little bit of the second, so I may ask you to repeat that. But when you think about the upside in terms of the growth rates, let me hit it by addressing the organic tenant billings piece first-off. So we are seeing increases in organic tenant billings really across the board. So you can see in the charts, they were increasing our overall organic tenant billings for the company to about 6%, that's up about 50 basis points from prior. And that kind of -- that theme is consistent across many of the regions. So as Steve just highlighted in the U.S., we're bringing that guide to beyond 5% from what was previously around 5%. International is coming up to greater than 7%. Prior, we were at greater than 6.5%. And then you look at the different parts of the company region by region, LatAm is going up to about 5% versus what was previously a 4%. APAC is coming up to about 5%. Previously, it was 4%. Europe was staying around where it was at 8%. And then Africa is also coming up to around 12% from what was prior higher than 11%. A couple of things that I would say, in terms of the stay ability or the durability of some of that growth, certainly, in the U.S., it's nice strong performance. There is a little bit of delayed churn, so we can expect to see that hit next year. Other than that, the U.S. is very steady in terms of the demand. Part of that is because of the way the contracts we have work out. When you think of Latin America, we do have higher levels of churn this year than we have had in prior years. Some of the outperformance is churn driven. So when you think about the LatAm over performance, it's really a delay in churn and probably not all that durable from that perspective. When you get into APAC, it's a similar situation. The increase there is delayed churn, maybe some delayed discounts. Europe is staying in line. In Africa, we're seeing higher levels of new business activity. So much of that is, in fact, durable and lasting, that's the way I would kind of articulate that. And then maybe on the second question, if you could maybe just repeat the question about the dilution, just so I get it right.
Rod Smith: Yeah. That's good, David. Thank you. So we're making good progress with the strategic review that we've set out. In terms of the write-down, we are writing the India business down about $322 million and sets the book value in around $2.2 billion or so. And as I stated in my prepared remarks, it really is based on our internal impairment review analysis, discounted cash flow driven and certainly, cost of capital plays a significant role in that. But also, as I highlighted in my comments, it does also consider indications of value that we've determined throughout the process. So I think you can understand what that means, and it will help you kind of think about where things might fit. We've also provided a little bit more breakout on the India financials and some of -- in the back of the presentation, which you'll see. But in terms of revenue, we're a little over $1 billion EBITDA. It's about $355 million. Unlevered AFFO is about $290 million. So that gives you a little bit more information to kind of piece through and kind of assume where we may -- the way we may have. I don't want to get into too much direct guidance. We'll certainly lay that out when we complete our strategic review, which -- the good news is we're happy with the way the process is evolving. We’re confident we’ll be concluding it this year just as we’ve previously mentioned, once we do, we’ll let the investors know exactly what we’ve concluded and what we plan to do there. We’ve said that our goal, and we’re on track to achieve our goals, which is to sell a majority equity stake to a financial investor. We’ve said between 51% and 100%, the reality is it’s probably going to be a majority stake. We probably will retain a stake, so it will be somewhere between that 61% and 100%. That’s where we’re kind of directing the process at this point. But again, we are confident that the process will conclude in the next couple of months. And when it does, we’ll let the investors know exactly what we’ve done.
Rod Smith: Yeah. I think at this point, think about it being flat year-on-year. So, of course, every quarter, we get the dividend approved by the Board. But our intention is to hold the dividend flat annually year-over-year to help support deleveraging balance sheet strength and ultimately, AFFO growth as well as total shareholder returns.
Rod Smith: Yeah. I guess, Rick, I would say that's not correct. The India business isn't in our REIT at this point. So it really doesn't drive into the retaxable income issue. I think Tom articulated all the drivers with that, which it's really -- this is a management decision and certainly supported by our Board to prioritize capital to prioritize deleveraging and balance sheet strength, it's not impacted by the India process at all. And Tom highlighted, there are certain REIT rules that allow one-time items in some pretax earnings to be moved from one period to another. So there have been times in the past where we've been over under distributed, and we can move some of that over or under distribution back and forth from year-to-year, which is helpful. So in this case, it really is a decision to drive balance sheet strength and using our capital in the best way we can again, to drive total shareholder return in the short term and in the long term. And in this market with uncertain interest rates going forward, we think that's prudent and that's really the driving factor.
Rod Smith: Yeah, Rick. I would -- let me highlight first that we don't see compelling M&A on our pipeline. I think everyone kind of knows that, I'll just reiterate that. We are seeing some things out there. Certainly, there is -- not as robust, but there is a market in the U.S. with some smaller portfolios. And I don't want to get into a lot of detail in terms of what we see. I think we still see very high prices, even though they may have pulled back slightly from where they were, let's say, a year ago. And for that, we still look at the small deals if we can find compelling ways to expand total shareholder return. We have a little flexibility there. We don't see anything major. But we also just see the majority of the deals are probably still priced a little higher than what today's cost of capital would suggest that they should be. The small acquisition you see in our numbers is really just a buyout of a prior SBC sublease, which you'll be familiar with. It was a small tranche.
Rod Smith: Yeah. That's exactly what it is. It's not the final one. It's just another tranche, and that will continue for a few more years.
Rod Smith: Yeah. I would say, Rick, we routinely review the portfolio performance across our business globally. We do that from a couple of perspectives. One is, there could be capital recycling opportunities, which we think could be very good for our shareholders over the long term, that certainly the decisions we saw driving our exit from the Mexico fiber business. It also is what is driving our consideration around what we're doing in India. So I'll highlight that, I don't want to get into specific other places where we might be looking. But we are looking at our portfolio, and it's something we do constantly. The other thing we do is, we constantly look at our capital deployments. And from that perspective, we can throttle those back or up depending on where the opportunities are. We can also reallocate or redistribute that capital to where we feel that investments will most -- will be most aligned with our priorities of driving organic growth in the short term and the long term, quality of earnings and consistent durable industry-leading AFFO growth and ultimately, total shareholder return. So I wouldn’t just look at whether or not we sell a business here or there, those would be kind of operational decisions as well as recycling capital, but also kind of our CapEx programs, how much are we investing? Where are we investing? What kind of assets. And again, those decisions are made each and every year, really each and every quarter, and they are meant to and do align with our priorities.
Rod Smith: Yeah. And Matt, I'll just add a couple of data points. When you think about the co-location amendment additions. This year, we're anticipating a number of around $230 million for the U.S. You recall last year, we were around $150 million, we're at about $58 million this quarter and our guide anticipates a further reduction, but still a number that's greater than $50 million in Q4. I wouldn't just take that Q4 number and annualize. And I think you're better off and we won't give guidance, as Steve suggest until next year. But for modeling purposes, if you look at this year and last year and you split the difference, that's probably a safer place to put in your models today. And then, of course, we'll guide in February, and we'll be able to update that number. The only other thing I would say on services is the $140 million number is still higher than the historical average for services, and we're continuing to maintain a very nice gross margin in that business at all levels. So when we saw that go up to about $270 million, we were still in the 50s, low 50s, 53%, 54% margins as it tapered off a little bit to $140 million, we are able to drive up the margins based on the mix of the revenue and the way we service that revenue. So with a lower revenue, we’re still able to mitigate some of that with higher margins in the upper 50s at this point.
Rod Smith: Yeah. Good morning, Eric. Thanks for joining in. And absolutely, all those issues are on the table. We look at our capital allocation every year, certainly, and I would say, even more frequently than that in the idea and the approach is to make the best decisions we can to support long-term total shareholder return. With the increase in cost of capital, the increase in interest rates as well as other factors affecting our markets around the globe, those all play into how much capital we will be deploying, how many build-to-suits will be executing on and where those will be. So that certainly comes into play. I won't get into a lot of detail in terms of decision-making there. I would just maybe highlight again that capital this year is lower than it was last year. And the environment in interest rates, in particular, there's still a fair amount of uncertainty. So we will be continuing to kind of look at that capital plan to decide if putting the capital into build-to-suits around the globe is better than some of the other options we have and a continuation of capital reductions is probably what you'll end up seeing in this environment. That's kind of where we're looking at it. The other part of your question is absolutely, we look at putting capital into places that primarily or specifically drive and align with our priorities. So when you think about us focused on organic growth over the long term, we're focused on quality of earnings. We're focused on operational efficiencies and driving balance sheet strength, all of the different ways that we can execute on achieving those goals are in play. If that means allocating more capital to higher quality markets versus emerging markets or vice versa. If it means putting less into CapEx and more into debt reduction, if it means reducing the growth of the dividend and putting more towards balance sheet and debt reduction. We think about those things all the time and it plays into our capital allocation and it will next year as well, and we'll lay out what that will mean in February.
Rod Smith: Yeah. A couple of things that I’d – that I highlight relative to the LatAm market. I mean in 2022, we had roughly 5% churn that was part of embedded in our organic tenant billings growth. In Q3 here, it was 5.2%, so pretty consistent. For the full year of '23, we're projecting that to be around 6%. So that's what's driving. When we say elevated churn, that's exactly kind of what we're seeing there. We are seeing delays in churn. Much of that is tied to the oi churn (ph) that we're experiencing and will continue to experience down in Brazil. We also see churn from Telefonica up in Mexico. Those are kind of the two primary places where we see churn. We've laid out a lot of the different pieces of the oi churn. I won't do that again here. But I would say, we do expect elevated churn to continue into next year. I think you're absolutely right in terms of when inflation moderates in some of these markets, that will potentially lower the organic tenant billings growth from that perspective as well. So we'll be watching all of those issues. I think when it comes to LatAm, we'll be watching the churn as we go into next year. I can't tell you yet that we're beyond the peak here because of this churn that was delayed and potentially pushed into next year. But over the next couple of years, LatAm because of the reduction in inflation that could happen and the elevated churn, we could be in the low single digits in terms of organic tenant billings growth as we head into next year.
Rod Smith: I think, Nick, it -- we'll have to watch kind of the trajectory of the REIT taxable income. But in general, I think it's probably safe for you to assume that, that will be in line with all material respects with our AFFO growth and AFFO per share growth, that's probably a safe way to kind of think about it. It may not be exact all the time. But given the fact that we can't predict the future certain -- and certainly, we're not going to be guiding long term on that. If you think about where our AFFO and AFFO per share growth is going to be and you think about that being probably consistent with where re-taxable income might be and where the dividend growth could be. That's probably the safest bet. I'd just highlight again, we do have a requirement to dividend out 90% of our REIT taxable income. We typically dividend out closer to 100% because we think that's most beneficial to our shareholders from a tax perspective. So that's important to notice. But then, Tom, mentioned, there are other ways that we manage the dividend payout relative to REIT taxable income, and that's where there is a little bit more discretion on our end to try to match it up to AFFO growth. So that's probably the way to think about it. Think about what our AFFO growth is going to be over the long term, what our AFFO per share growth is going to be and a dividend growth very well may align with that. But with that said, we will be considering capital allocation and the best uses of capital for our shareholders each and every year and each and every quarter. And the dividend specifically, is approved by our Board each year in each quarter.
Rod Smith: The only thing it's really in the settlement area. I mean we had about -- I think it was about $50 million in settlements this quarter. Last year, same quarter was much lower, more in the $15 million range. There's a customer equipment removal settlement in the U.S. that was pulled forward from the fourth quarter into the third quarter, that was probably in the range of $25 million or so. But those are really the items. It's the one-time items, it's settlement fees. We get some small settlement fees throughout our other international markets and the timing of those can be somewhat bumpy. One thing you'll see from our guide is those settlement fees, those one-time items do drop off pretty substantially in Q4. So that's one of the things you can think about when you look at the bridge from Q3 to Q4 in terms of our AFFO, there will be a non-recurrence of close to $40 million, $45 million of those one-time items.
Rod Smith: Yeah. Hey, Batya. Nice to hear from you. Hope you are well. Yes, so we ended the quarter with 5.0 leverage. It's going to be a little higher than that at the end of the year, primarily driven because of those one-time items on the EBITDA side. But our clear focus is to delever to reduce debt as well as reduce our exposure to floating rate debt by driving the percentage of our debt that is exposed to floating rates, and we got that down to about 11% or so. Our goal is to get to 5 times really as soon as we can. And that's what we're focused on, and that's what's driving a lot of our capital allocation decisions is driving balance sheet strength and reducing leverage getting to that 5.0 as soon as we can. So that is clearly the goal. The goal will also -- the goal -- and it's specifically for 2024, that's where we hope to get to. And we're looking for all the opportunities we can find to drive that. And that could include reducing the capital program a little bit next year, that certainly is in line with the dividend decision that you heard us articulate today, you'll see that our SG&A is being held flat year-over-year. You'll see that our margins are expanding that's the result of a lot of global initiatives around operational efficiency to drive additional EBITDA and AFFO. Not only is that good for everyone. It also helps us get our leverage numbers down a little bit. It provides a little bit more cash flow to reduce the debt. So those are all the pieces that we're focused on. The short answer is 5 times as soon as possible. 5 times in 2024 would be great. That's possible, and we're driving towards that and we'll see if we can achieve it. And then with AFFO, I would absolutely say, our portfolio, consistent with the way we've explained this for years is really well positioned for durable AFFO per share growth. This year, that was interrupted primarily because of financing cost headwinds, driven by interest rates, additional shares that we issued for some of our prior acquisitions and some minority interest that we have because of some of the private capital that we raised in certain parts of our business. With our new AFFO per share outlook of around $9.79, we’re pretty much flat with where we were prior year. So we’ve been able to convert a 1% to 2% reduction in AFFO, AFFO per share up to closer to flat, which is good. But when you think about that number being flat and an 8% headwind from financing being embedded in it as well as a 2% headwind from VIL short payments or, let’s say, the VIL reserve of $75 million we made, you adjust for those things, the underlying core operating performance of the assets that we own around the globe are driving double-digit growth without those headwinds. So we absolutely believe this business can drive growth over the long term and in 2024. The thing that we’ll be watching that a potential interrupters would be any material volatility in FX. We don’t know where rates will go. Rate uncertainty is something that we watch. But absent those sorts of items, we think the portfolio is well positioned to grow next year and over the long term.
Tom Bartlett: First of all, Simon, thanks for your kind words. But maybe with regards to the dividend, it's important just to just take a step back and understand how we really manage this dividend growth. Since we became a REIT over a decade ago back in 2012, we've always looked to complement AFFO growth with a compelling yield, which we've grown, as you all know, around 20% annually as compared to our AFFO per share growth, which has been closer to 10% over that same time period. We've aligned our distribution with REIT taxable income, as you would expect. And within REIT AI you do have a recurring run rate and more of one-time buckets, consistent of things like earnings and profits, settlements, throwbacks NOLs, which we used last decade, much of which is discretionary in the planning that are absolutely separate from AFFO. And these tools allow us for to manage a more predictable glide path on our dividend. So here we are in 2023, we're committed to a 10% dividend growth rate which, like other years, consisted of certain one-time items to manage the dividend path and ensure alignment between our distribution and REIT AI. And so although our recurring REIT AI bucket was negatively impacted by interest rates, we utilize certain one-time items to manage towards the distribution. And absent those items, like most years, we'd be overdistributed. So as we look ahead to '24, we see an opportunity to accelerate our glide path and reset REIT AI closer to the run rate, which means temporarily relatively flat dividends per share in '24 decoupled from our expectations for AFFO growth based on our line of sight today. So our priorities that Rod just laid out really remain on maximizing our total shareholder returns. And we see the optimal path to do so, really centered around strengthening and de-risking our balance sheet, which means, in part, reducing our debt balance and advancing our pathway to sub 5 times net leverage and with that, more financial flexibility. And we view the levers to accelerate this path through maximizing organic growth, reducing our cost base as we've done in '23 and will continue to do in '24 with disciplined capital allocation that Rod just referred to, together with managing the dividend in a relatively flat basis before resuming growth in line with our recurring REIT AI thereafter. So this isn't a decision we take lightly, as you would expect. But given the current macro volatility, we believe that the balance sheet strength and accelerating financial flexibility for future opportunities, which could include buybacks is the optimal approach from where we sit today. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a sense, at least in terms of how we're thinking about it and how it fits into our overall plans for creating value long term.
Tom Bartlett: And Mike, I would just add just to make it clear, the delays in churn that we're seeing in the U.S. is not Sprint related. It's other items that we were planning that could be moved out a bit, as Steve is saying the Sprint cadence has not changed. And when you think about next year 2024 in our long-term guide, it's unlikely that there's going to be material upside based on where we sit today. We do think there's potential for upside in the longer-term growth rates, but that would probably come in '26 and '27 and down the line, not necessarily in '24.
Tom Bartlett: Sure. I'll start out and then, if you want to jump in, Rod. In terms of our service business, it's inherently a non-run rate business, and that makes it difficult to predict. And you saw that in 2021 when we raised our guide materially over a couple of quarters, we're seeing that this year as we've seen a moderation of activity. What I would say is because of our cooperative MLAs, that's not a direct read across to our property revenue, because we are somewhat insulated from the peaks and valleys of activity with the customers on that. And it's too early to be giving guidance for 2024 and where we see the activity levels going there. What I would just reiterate is this is consistent with what we've seen in other Gs of activity. And the carriers have an initial build phase that starts out with kind of a [indiscernible] of activity, and you'll see that moderate a little bit. We are seeing the capital spend moderate a bit, but it's still settling at levels higher than it was in 4G. And even with our reduced expectations this year for our services business, it's still higher than it was at the same point in 4G. So we're very optimistic that customers will continue to build throughout the cadence of this 5G build. There will be a restart of that activity. We don't know exactly when that's going to happen and we'll give better guidance on that in February as we get more visibility into 2024, what those activity levels are going to be.
Tom Bartlett: My sense is that they're more comparable with what we've seen in prior upgrades. Yeah. There are bigger swaps of spectrum in the market today that all of our customers are deploying, particularly in the mid-band. But the demand is disproportionate to what we've seen in the past. So my sense is that given the demand and the additional kind of usage that we would expect over the next several years, it will be very -- rarely, very, very consistent. The data intensity that I even talked about with regards to adding certain levels of video usage is really going to eat into a lot of that spectrum capacity that is out there. So as I said, there is definitely more spectrum out there, definitely more in the mid-band, but I would expect that the usage that we will see and experience over the next several years, we'll put it on the same path as what we've seen in 3G and 4G.
David Barden: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking the questions and let me echo Tom, the years we've spent together. It's been great and congrats to Budd and Steve on the new roles.
David Barden: So I guess, if I could start, just maybe more on the finance side, Rod. Slide 11, you talked about some of the increases we're seeing in some of the non-U.S. regions. Could you break that down into kind of core organic leasing and then some of the inflation driven escalators? And so is this real growth that we're seeing that could be sustained or is it more of an inflation driven bubble that we need to kind of be conscious of that might reverse? And then second, just on the India situation with the write-down, I think the tactic acknowledgment that maybe some of the loftier valuation ambitions were not there. I guess we're all sitting here trying to figure out what kind of dilution we should be baking into 2024? The latest press reports that India suggested kind of a $2 billion valuation, something like a 5 times EBITDA multiple. Obviously, it depends on kind of how big a stake you sell and when you sell it. But is there any kind of more color you can shed on the shape of what kind of dilution expectation we should be thinking about for '24? Thank you.
David Barden: Hey. Yeah, Rod. Thank you. So I think we were just trying to – and thank you for those comments, that's helpful on the pieces part. The -- just the India write-down would seem to suggest that the bid-ask spread between what maybe AMT hopes to accomplish from a valuation standpoint and what's been offered has kind of collapsed down to the offer the side of the spread? And is that the right interpretation or reading through that write-down. And then obviously, we're all attempting to evaluate what the dilution effect for the sale might be on 2024. Any more color on whether it's a full divestiture or 50% divestiture and kind of timetable would help us kind of do that math? Thank you.
Richard Prentiss: Guys, I'll echo the bell head, thanks for the memory, Tom. it's been great working with you. I think we went to your first NAREIT like, 14 years ago.
Richard Prentiss: Okay. I appreciate the comments that you're trying to kind of decouple from AFFO, more related to the REIT taxable income, it sounds like as well, but sort of implicit in that isn’t also that thought that the India sale is anticipated and that also can kind of affect what the dividend might have been prior thoughts.
Richard Prentiss: Okay. And then, you said there was a small acquisition from AT&T/SBCs talking about history lesson. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the marketplace as far as multiples in the U.S., Europe and other places.
