Tom Bartlett: Yes. Hey Brett, I’ll start, and Rod can also obviously add on here. We look at every one of our assets in our markets repeatedly. And continually, you’re looking at where are the best rates of return that we can drive, are there better places for us to reallocate capital. And so, this is -- it’s an ongoing process that we do internally. We also do it with our Board every year as well. And the business that we’ve had in -- the fiber business that we’ve had in Mexico, we’ve had for several years, was really part of our kind of initial innovation and platform extension approach. And the piece of that particular business was just a business that we couldn’t generate the kinds of returns on that we had expected. And we felt that it would be a better -- could be in better hands with somebody who had broader scale in the marketplace. And so, as a result of our kind of ongoing review, it was a business that we’ve actively marketed over the last several months. And this is consistent with how we’re thinking about even a market like India, as we’ve talked about in the past. It goes through that same kind of disciplined approach that we have. And we look at, okay, in each given market, again, like India, is there a better place to be able to reallocate some of that capital or invest in other products and services. And so, that’s the process that we’re going through right now. And Rod and I talked about it on the last call with you all. And we’ll look to, as we did with the fiber, I mean, our goal from a balance sheet perspective is to delever, as we’ve talked about right now, and we use those proceeds from the fiber sale to do just that. And we will continue to look at kind of delevering the balance sheet really over the next 12 to 18 months until we get it to a spot that we’re really comfortable with.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, absolutely, Brett. You’re exactly right. And now whether we go back down to 3 times, it could be a bit of a stretch. But clearly, we want to get sub-5. And as Rod said, we really do want to lessen the exposure to the floating rate debt that we have on the balance sheet.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, sure. Let me start, and then Rod, you can continue -- or can add to it. To continue -- continuation of what we saw in 2022. I mean, the demand from -- for the kind of the digital infrastructure that we have just continues to be strong throughout the country. And it’s a really nice balance between enterprise accounts, between operators as well as the cloud. So, the pipeline remains really healthy, and we’ve been able and have taken advantage of the opportunity to capture some strong pricing actions throughout the year, particularly as we really continue to drive all the interconnection growth. So, we’re really pleased with what the team has done, with the types of business that they’ve generated, and it really resulted again in a really strong Q1, and we continue to have really strong expectations for the business going forward. With regards to kind of all of the edge work, we continue to work internally on identifying particular locations where we can actually drive 1 meg or 2 meg of power. We have a number of sites that are shovel-ready at this point, and we’re looking to move on them. We continue to have conversations with all the service operators as well as the hyperscalers and all the cloud players to continue to move forward and figure out that value proposition that we think can be a profitable one for all of us. And so, as we’ve said, it’s still early stages of it, but we continue to remain really excited about the ultimate opportunity.
Tom Bartlett: From a design and engineering perspective, we really have the specs really well laid out such that, as I said before, we’re shovel-ready on a couple of locations to start to deploy it. And so, the teams know exactly what it’s going to look like, have identified who the vendors are that are going to be providing a lot of the resources and pieces of it. And so, we’re really far along on the overall design.
Tom Bartlett: I don’t know that I want to get into -- at this point in time. When we’re ready to roll it and deploy it, we can give more -- we’ll give more specifics as to the overall economics.
Tom Bartlett: Rick, it’s consistent with some of the experiences candidly that we’ve had in the past in the business, and we thought we might be able to do things differently and unique. That particular asset came with at tens of thousands of sites in Mexico City, which was also very interesting to it and remains very interesting to us, and we still have the right to those particular assets as our customers deploy and densify in Region IX or in Mexico City itself. But what we continue to learn on the retail side, just how difficult it is to be able to provision circuits and make money, providing lit services to enterprise accounts and then just how competitive it is. And the SLAs that go along with them, how difficult it is to be able to maintain them in a very profitable manner. There’s a tremendous amount of competition in the marketplace. And so, as a result, it just makes sense for us to put those particular capabilities in the hands of somebody that just does that 24/7. And hopefully, they will find more success there. But it’s consistent with what we see in the fiber business in all of our markets, including the U.S., where we think that there’s really an opportunity for fiber is when you’re bringing it to the tower. That’s kind of a slam dunk for us because that’s obviously improving the capability and the capacity of a particular site. So, when we start to get into the retail aspects of it, it’s just such a competitive, capital intensive, low margin opportunity that it just made sense for us to move out of it.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. I mean, Rick, it still is in that kind of that 50% range. Some are a bit higher, some are a bit lower. But in the aggregate, it’s at that 50% range I think that have been touched. Again, it’s largely been coverage. There are some pockets of densification going on, still largely amendment-driven, if you will, in terms of getting that ubiquitous coverage on a nationwide basis. So the carriers all remain active. And as Rod mentioned, the overall capital spend, we expect it to be lower in ‘23 versus ‘22. But as you well know, our comprehensive MLAs really protect us from that type of volatility, if you will. And so, while the carriers may spend at different levels on a consolidated basis, slowed down a bit as would be expected in ‘23, we really are protected from that. On the private side, yes, there is a lot more dialogue going on candidly relative to private networks. I mean I wouldn’t say it’s a surge of deployments. But I do see our sales teams entering into different types of conversations with carriers, enterprises, looking at deploying kind of private 5G types of networks. We have some that we’re experimenting with and deploying. I think there’s more to come on that. But clearly, 5G, I think, plays -- will play a significant role in developing that aspect of the market.
Tom Bartlett: Dave, with regards to DISH, they remain very active in the market. They are investing throughout the country to meet all of their FCC requirements. They’re -- have always been a good partner. I have a lot of faith in their leadership team there in terms of being able to develop the network and drive strategies that make sense for them. So from our perspective, there has been a very strong player and a very strong partner. I’m not going to speculate on bankruptcies and all the other types of things candidly. But just to let you know that I believe that they are really strong leadership team, really smart and being, I think, very intelligent in terms of how they’re building out their network.
Tom Bartlett: I mean we’ve been working with DISH for a number of years in terms of helping them look at the engineering of their network and building out their network. And I would say that our U.S. leadership team has had, I think, a really strong relationship with them right out of the gate. I can’t speculate on other types of relationships with some of the other tower cos. But we’ve been really comfortable with the relationship and how it’s been built over the years. And I think that there’s a mutual respect for -- between both entities.
Rod Smith: Brad, if I could just add a couple of points there. Thanks for the question. You see in our quarterly numbers here, we got our leverage down to 5.2% (sic) [5.2x]. And of course, as constant, we did use the proceeds from the fiber business to pay down debt, not just to delever, but to actually reduce our exposure to floating rate debt, which we did, and we’re down around that 20% number. And that really shows our commitment to our investment-grade balance sheet in this environment, looking to delever. That’s definitely top of the list when it comes to capital allocation once you get beyond paying the dividend and the dividend growth that we have. And we’ll continue to focus on delevering the business until we get down within our target range of 3 to 5 times. And we’re also continuing to focus on reducing our exposure to floating rate debt. So, we’re within our policy now right at about 20%. But we’re going to be looking at that and working to try to reduce that exposure on the floating rate side even more than that in the coming quarter. So, you’ll see us pretty active in that space.
Rod Smith: One thing, Brett, that I’ll just alert you to is don’t be surprised if you see the 5 float back up a little bit, even maybe a 5.3 in the coming quarters before you see it trending back down. That will just be a function of kind of where our EBITDA -- our quarterly annualized EBITDA might end up landing. But that should not make you think that our commitment to delevering isn’t as strong as we’re suggesting it is, because it is, but you may see it flow back up just a touch before you see it come back down.
Rod Smith: Hey, Michael. Good morning. Thanks for joining, and thanks for the question. We’ve talked about in the past we are seeing an acceleration in the leasing environment in the U.S. in terms of our numbers and specifically the incremental revenue that we’re seeing from new business coming from colocations and amendment. So, we had a really strong quarter in Q1 in the U.S. We booked about $60 million of incremental colocation amendment revenue. That’s well on track to achieve our $220 million target for the year, which is a nice step-up over last year, which was about $150 million. So, that’s the acceleration that we’re seeing. That is primarily coming from the primary carriers, the big three certainly. And DISH is also a contributor in that. And I think you know and most everyone on the call knows that we have holistic deals with the carriers in the U. S. environment. So not that we’ll go through any specifics with how they work carrier by carrier, but what it does is it has our revenue contracted in there. So, we have about 90% of our revenue and revenue growth for this year fully contracted, and there’s no variability in that. So, we feel really good about that. And then when you look at the long-term going out through 2027, you’ve heard us talk about that 5% on average OTBG in the U.S. We have about 75% visibility out over that long period of time of the underlying revenue as colored for revenue growth. So we feel really good about that. But the vast majority of that activity is the big three plus DISH. Certainly, we have kind of this other category with some broadcasters, some local independent radio companies and other people that use our towers like government agencies. And they always contribute a piece there, and they’re kind of in the range that they’ve always been at. But the vast majority really is the big guys in the U.S. When you think about churn, we did have delays in churn, which helps support our growth rates for the quarter. So, we’re up to about 6.4%. Our churn came in at about 3.4% for the quarter. And the places where it’s noticeable, it’s a slight improvement in the U.S. because of churn, but that’s not the biggest piece. It’s probably more dropping down into Latin America. Within our overall guide for Latin America, we had 8 percentage points in for churn. And that is primarily coming from two big carriers: Telefonica, which everyone knows what’s happening with Telefonica in Mexico as well as Oi down in Brazil. Oi represents about 2% within that 8%. And what’s happening is just the delay. So we fully expect the churn for the Telefonica churn as well as the Oi churn to kind of catch up here during the year. That’s why you’re not seeing a change to our organic tenant billings outlook for the full year. So, we do expect to kind of catch up with that. So, we’ll take the positive benefits for Q1, and we’re still kind of being realistic and maybe a little conservative in terms of keeping our organic tenant billings growth consistent. But that’s really where it is. We also have elevated churn in Africa with Cell C down in South Africa and even AirtelTigo over in Ghana. And again, we’re not changing our full year outlook with just the timing is moving around just a bit.
Rod Smith: Let me hit the India process first, and then I’ll jump into the next question. So, we are running a process, as Tom and I have talked about here on this call and in the prior call. It’s very similar to the process we walked through when we sold an equity stake in our data center business in the U.S. as well as the European joint venture that we did. So, we’ve gone out to the top couple dozen highly professional, large investors that are in the infrastructure space. Our goals remain the same that in the other transactions we did, really, which is to partner to or sell the equity to a very strong investor that understands the space that can help run the business, has government connection, has carrier connections, all those sorts of things. So bringing more than just capital, but also a willingness and some experience to be a strategic partner in the business. So that process continues. I would say at this point, it’s progressing. And we’ve got the list worked down from the full couple of dozen to a smaller list here, still very active. And I think we’ll figure out where we head and what that transaction might look like in the coming quarter. So, there’ll be more to update you on probably in the next call. But we’ll be patient. We’ll be opportunistic as we kind of work through it, and we’ll see what the opportunities there look like. And when we decide what we’re going to do, we’ll have the best interest of the shareholders in mind, of course, and as well as the employees and the customers there in India. But it’s a very similar process that we’ve kind of gone through before. I guess when you think about the -- jumping into the next question here in terms of AFFO. You know we have AFFO per share growth in our guide here that’s a little less than zero, so a negative growth rate. And I’ll just remind you that the headwinds there, as you highlighted, is really the financing interest cost, but also the issuance of the shares that we did middle of last year to help finance the CoreSite business as well as FX. So, we are seeing roughly an 8% headwind for the year around the financing pieces, including the spike in interest rates. We’re seeing about a 1% headwind roughly on FX. And the VIL reserve that we’re taking, that $75 million that we talked about, that represents about a 2% headwind as well. So, when you put all that together, the core underlying business is in fact growing in that 8% to 9% range this year. And we think that feels like a pretty good place for us. So to the extent that we drive 5% organic tenant billings growth in the U.S., we drive a little bit higher organic tenant billings growth in our international markets, we complement that with another 100 basis points or so with new builds. We expand margins as we drop down through the P&L. And then, we deployed capital in a prudent way. We certainly think that upper single-digit growth rate is achievable. Now with that said, there are a few things that could still be items that we need to watch. The VIL situation is a situation that’s ongoing that we continue to -- the need to watch. We don’t know exactly where interest rates will go. So, we’re certainly being prudent in trying to reduce our exposure to floating rate debt, get ahead of refinancings and reduce refinancing risk. And this year, we’ve already issued just under $3 billion of new bonds, new notes. And that removes the refinancing risk from ‘23 entirely. Now, we’re beginning to look at ‘24 to remove that. But you put all that together, as long as interest rates cooperate if that bag kind of hangs in there, which we’re seeing favorability in the spot rates, so that’s kind of trending in a good direction. If we sort out the VIL kind of India volatility, then upper single digits certainly is achievable in this business. We’ve got a great portfolio of assets in a lot of really good places, and we’ve got customers that are actively leasing the site. So, we feel really good about the core performance of this portfolio.
Rod Smith: Hey David, good morning. I’ll take the first one on Voda. So the collections rate that we’re seeing in Q1, it’s not better than our expectation. It’s right in line with our expectation. We expect the level of collection that we had in Q1 to continue into Q2 as kind of the way we’re thinking about it. I’m not sure if I heard all the detail in your question, but I’ll try to clarify for you. That collections rate that we experienced in Q1 is slightly better than what we experienced in Q4 of last year and what we experienced in Q3 of last year. So that’s where we talk about the improvement in terms of the collections from Vodafone. It’s really the first half of this year, let’s say, compared to the last half of last year. The other part of your question, I think it kind of leads into what’s happening later in the year. And we do expect an improvement in collections from Vodafone as we enter into the second half of this year. And so, that’s kind of where we’re looking. And we talk to Voda quite frequently. We have -- you have seen -- we’ve seen that the government converted their equity. That does kind of clear the way a little bit for Voda to work on their balance sheet and to potentially raise equity and debt. And we gather that they’re working aggressively on that. You may have seen a new Board appointment over in India. We think that’s a really good fact as well. And we do believe that Voda management is committed to and capable of increasing their payments to us in the second half of the year, and that’s reflected in our outlook. So that’s kind of how those bits and pieces worth most of the $75 million serve that we have in there will be booked and realized in the first half of this year.
Rod Smith: So, you are correct in terms of the organic new bid, the incremental new bids we get from colocations and amendments. That $60 million number, we do see that at the peak for the year. But with that said, it will be -- we expect that number on a quarterly basis to be between $50 million and $60 million for the next three quarters for the full year. So, it’s not as though we’re going to see a big drop off. It is pretty linear there the way things work. So -- but you will see it drift down a little bit, and that is kind of a function of the timing of the MLAs and the use right fees. I don’t want to get into too much detail about the contracts and the way the contracts work. But you can have timing differences here where you have use right fees that step up in a certain quarter. They’re mostly front-end loaded. And then you also have the ability to get additional revenue over and above that, which can be more variable kind of throughout the quarter. I would say that that -- the $220 million that we’re seeing this year, there is kind of a function there with the MLAs and kind of some of the transition period that we had kind of moving in and out of different MLAs, that does help support that number a bit. So, I wouldn’t be surprised if that number is a little bit lower next year. But with that said, we’re still seeing kind of the acceleration of that revenue kind of as we enter the beginning of this year. And again, it will taper off on a quarterly basis. But we’ll hit the $220 million for the full year. That again is up almost 50% from the $150 million that we that we hit last year. And we continue to feel really good about everything that we see and work on in terms of the U.S. business being in a strong position to achieve 5% organic tenant billings growth on average out over the time period through 2027.
Rod Smith: So, we’re very excited about the data center business that we have. I think you’ve heard us say in the past that it’s a differentiated set of assets to the extent that it’s a cloud-rich standard facilities, multiple cloud on-ramps and lots of the facilities that we have, their network and lots of enterprise customers in there. And that really means there’s a lot of interconnection. People come into these facilities for those multiple cloud on-ramps and to interconnect with everyone else, the cloud, the networking companies and the other enterprise companies. That is helping drive this record growth that we’ve seen. So, as we’ve talked about, we saw record new bids for CoreSite through the full year 2022. And we also saw a continuation of that where we had a record new business performance for Q1 kind of quarter-over-quarter from prior year, I should say, from Q1 of last year. So that strong performance certainly is continuing. That resulted in a 10% revenue growth year-on-year for that business. That’s higher than what we underwrote that business for. We’ve talked about kind of upper single-digit 6% to 8% economic growth in that set of assets. That’s the way we underwrote it. And we outperformed last year. We’ve got a really good start this year. Maybe that 10% thinks back a little bit. But we should be solidly in the upper single-digit growth rate and within our underwriting targets for that business. We’re also seeing really strong growth in interconnection revenue, up about 9.5%. And that’s really key because that really represents what these customers are doing within our facilities and why they’re there. And it makes the revenue that we have a lot more durable, dependable and sticky because they’ve got these relationships with other enterprise customers and into all these networking companies. So, that is a really good fact. We’re also increasing prices within that market being sensitive to customers as well, but also trying to drive growth in that business and making sure we’re getting the value that these assets are contributing to our customers. So, we continue to see cash mark-to-market increases in the 3% to 5% range, 3% to 4% range, which is -- which is going well. We have escalators in lots of our contracts, so we generally see a 3% escalator kind of in our underlying contracts. The churn rate continues to be in the mid-single digits in that business, in the 6.5% range, well within our 6% to 8% target. And our maintenance CapEx is right within our target range of about 2% of revenue, runs in between $20 million and $30 million a year. So, we’re really pleased with the way that the team is running that business and the way those assets are performing for us. And quite frankly, what those assets do for our customers, which they’re really important assets for the customers. And we’re continuing at a gross margin that’s almost 60%. So, we couldn’t be more thrilled with the performance of the data center business and the future outlook, quite frankly, and the optionality that those assets provide us when you think about the edge and potentially connecting those assets into our towers and into edge compute facilities closer to our customers’ base radios on the wireless side, but also closer to network companies as well as enterprise customers that are scattered throughout the U.S. So, that business and the future outlook there is really strong.
