Tom Bartlett: Thanks Simon, thanks for the question. You know, we’ve been looking at the European market for the better part of a dozen years, and we did create a couple beachhead properties, if you will, in France and Germany, pretty small, in kind of the 4,000 to 5,000 sites a number of years ago, and we’ve continued to look in those particular markets to see if there are opportunities. One of the challenges that we always saw in those markets were who the counterparty was, what the capital would be that required to upgrade the sites themselves, and really what were the long-term growth projections and opportunities in the marketplace, and so as such, we were never successful in terms of kind of landing any particular transactions up until the transaction that we’re just about ready to close with Telxius. A lot of that is a function of the relationship, I think, that we’ve built with Telefonica over so many years and have--you know, they have such credibility, and I think we have a lot of credibility with them. We were able to put our hands on this particular portfolio, and I think in particular for those very reasons that I mentioned before that got in the way of us being able to close things, is that the portfolio itself is very solid, it’s a terrific set of assets, terrifically located, as I said good counterparty, and now what we’re starting to see in the marketplace, as Rod talked about, was really the evolution of 5G. We’re starting to see more spectrum being deployed to support 5G and we’re really, I think, just on the front end of what that 5G deployment is going to look like. We see it accelerating particularly in markets like Germany, and we see the opportunity for a new entrant who is going to be coming into the marketplace, and so we think it really rounds out our overall portfolio. I think we have a significant competitive advantage in that we have a presence in so many different -- very, very important markets around the globe, and this just increases the overall presence we have and what was kind of a hole, if you will, in our portfolio given the size of the assets that we had before. And so now, we’re going to have 30,000 sites in the marketplace, terrific counterparty, and as I said right in the beginning part of what we think is going to be a long-term growth trajectory in the region, and so we’ll use that as a way to be able to continue to grow if it makes sense and if we find good assets, good opportunities in the region. I think we’re positioning ourselves with some very interesting private capital, and so that will increase the overall platform for our ability to grow in the market. I mean, they’re very passive - we’re operating it. They’re minority partners, as you would expect, but they are very interested also in growing their portfolios in our base of assets, and hopefully they’ll be able to participate in future potential investments with us.  I think that this is all coming together quite nicely for us, and we’ve received the approvals to be able to move forward with the transaction in all due respects, and so we’re excited about what the region has in front of us. As I said, equally as important, we’re excited now about what that brings to our overall global footprint and how important that could be to TSBs, hyper scalers, who knows who might be looking for kind of a one-stop shop, if you will, in looking at our over 200,000 sites in these key markets, and we look to continue to grow that. Rod talked about the 40,000 to 50,000 new builds that we’re looking at, and so we very much have our sights on increasing our footprint globally, and I think this is a great step.
Tom Bartlett: It very well may, Ric. You know, we’ve had JV partners in the form of MNOs in the past, as you well know - with MTN, who were a great partner, and it very well may. We’ll look at it on a case-by-case basis and look at the opportunities. We think we have a good playbook, if you will, that we’ve created as a result of the work that we’ve done on this particular transaction, and there’s definitely a lot of interest, and so we’ll look at that as perhaps the means to create a broader platform for our ability to grow. So, it’s very possible, and as you know, we’ll look at everything on an individual basis, a case-by-case basis.
Tom Bartlett: I think that’s probably a better question for them in terms of what they’re actually looking for. They recently, though, have executed a roaming agreement with Telefonica, so they have a very strong relationship, I think, with TEF in the market, which we’ll then be able to hopefully take advantage of. I think that will unfold over the year as they’ve said publicly, in terms of putting that all together. They are looking to roll out 5G, urban markets first, and so this is where our rooftop penetration, rooftop assets in that market as we’ve talked about has just been so incredibly valuable, and that’s a particular asset base that we just didn’t have before. We were quite rural in terms of the portfolio we had before, so this really takes it up a few notches in terms of our ability to be successful in the marketplace, and my sense is they will take advantage of the rooftop assets probably out of the gate.
Tom Bartlett: Well, as you know, Ric, we already have a long term master lease agreement in place with Verizon, and so it wasn’t one where it needed to be extended from that perspective. We have a terrific relationship with Verizon. We’re in conversations with them, I’m in conversations with them on quite a regular basis, not just on this but on a lot of broader issues in the marketplace, and so we have a holistic rate that we have right now with them that expires at the end of the year, and that’s just one element of this broader, long term master lease agreement with the, and whether that continues or not, who knows, but we’re, I think, providing excellent service for Verizon. They are being very aggressive on rollout of 5G and C-band, and we’ll be there every step of the way for them.
Tom Bartlett: Well, it is a goal. I mean, I don’t know if it’s aspirational or whatever, whatever word you want, but my compensation is driven on AFFO per share growth and return on invested capital, and our shareholders require that too, so we very much have an objective of that double-digit.  Now, it’s not going to happen maybe in every year, it’s long term, but we’ve been able to be very successful in terms of driving that kind of performance over the last 10 years and we’re very focused on continually driving to that kind of performance going forward. 2022, you know, we do have the churn impact associated with the Sprint assets, so could that be a challenge? Perhaps, but our goal is still the same, so I think we have a number of levers. We’re going to be bringing on the Telxius assets, which I think we’ll be very happy with those results and what that kind of accretion should be to take advantage of the markets, and we’ll have our normal solid growth that we see going on in the business. We just increased our overall EBITDA performance for 2021, and so we’ll remain laser focused on all of our costs, including all of our capital being spent. Again, our goal is to drive that kind of performance.
Tom Bartlett: Then John, with regard to your second question with where we are with fiber as one of our platform extension initiatives, first of all where we are, we have a six country fiber footprint - Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, SA and India, and we cover over 30,000 route kilometres. We actually passed 1.25 million homes in those markets, and the networks themselves are a mix of active long haul, metro, some B2B in Mexico and Brazil, and a concentration of fiber to passive optical networks in SA, Colombia, Brazil and Argentina.  We’ve spent just over a billion dollars of capex over the past four years in those markets - $700 million for acquisitions and $300 million for development and redevelopment capex, so we’ve been monitoring it very closely. From a revenue perspective, I think we generated about $100 million in 2020, and our ROIC for those particular investments collectively is in kind of the 5%, 5.5% kind of range. Interesting, the SA assets, the return on invested capital is probably double that.  So what we’re thinking about strategically, again we’re looking at this from an initiative perspective, a platform initiative perspective. Some of the underlying elements of it, the foundations of it, again go back to how we’re looking at the overall tower model - multi service, multi tenant, long term anchor contract, escalators, exclusive real estate rights, a way for us to really be able to create a competitive advantage and really complement the power returns that we’ve been experiencing for the last 10 years or so.  Our strategy really has kind of two prongs. I would say the first is to pivot and transform our current fiber businesses in Mexico and Brazil into wholesale long term contracts. We’ll be looking to do this through long term contracts with Tier 1 carriers, also could involve some strategic inorganic transactions like we were just talking about before, and the focus is clearly creating a competitive, long term strategic asset in those markets. Then the second strategy really entails reaching certain economics in these deployments, particularly in SA and Brazil, and a focus on future investments in some of our emerging neutral host open access networks. We’ll continue to be opportunistic where it obviously makes sense, be monitoring it very closely, but we do see that we’ll see kind of a shift to open passive optical and multi-tenant access networks over time - we think that’s a great way to be able to improve the return on invested capital, and our regional focus is currently right now on Latin America where most of the assets are and leveraging our existing M&O relationships. We think we can create that model in LatAm and then be able to scale it globally. I mean, that’s kind of where we are. It’s still a work in progress, but I think we’ve learned a lot and I think we’re making great progress on the strategy.
Tom Bartlett: Sure Dave, maybe I’ll start off and Rod can chime in with some additional commentary. What we’re seeing around the globe, as I think both Rod and I mentioned even in our remarks, was just an onslaught of new spectrum coming into the marketplace. We’re seeing in India, we’re seeing clearly in Europe, we’re seeing in Latin America, and they’re wide blocks of spectrum. For 5G to be effective, you need a wider swath of spectrum. It can’t be the 10 meg - you know, you’re looking at 20 to 40 to 60 meg of spectrum, and so that’s the first sign, I think David, that we see because, as I mentioned and as you well know, spectrum is the lifeblood of being able to roll out any of these new technologies, and for 5G to be able to truly realize the full 5G experience in terms of speed and latency, you need significant amounts of it. I look at--and in my comment before on Europe, what we’ve seen in certain of those critical markets, critical countries in Europe really stepping up to launching a lot of new spectrum, and I think that’s one of the reasons that we’re really now starting to see some outsized growth in those particular markets, something that we hadn’t seen for several years, and that really drove us to looking at some of the growth curves in that market for us to even lean into some of the assets that are there. That’s just kind of the first sign of it, I think. You know, you look at markets like Africa, though - I mean, Africa--I think Rod had mentioned they were kind of in the 8%, looking at growing to 9%, even kind of ending out the year. You look at markets like Nigeria and things like that, where we’re talking kind of double-digit growth rates - that’s just because the wire line presence there just doesn’t exist, and wireless broadband is everything that our customers are investing in, so you have slightly different reasons for some of the growth. Many of the markets are just getting into 4G, so we’re still on the front of that 4G curve, and Latin America, you look at Brazil growth, you look at Mexico growth, they’re in kind of the 7%, 8% growth range, so we’re really excited about what we’re seeing outside of the United States, and what’s really driving it clearly is more spectrum, more wireless penetration. Unfortunately, the pandemic has actually driven even more of a need for connectivity, and so we’re seeing even more wireless usage in those markets in particular, again because the wire line markets are just so poor and non-existent.  We would expect to see Europe kicking in with 5G, Africa continued growth as 4G becomes more of a reality there, Latin America similarly 4G into 5G ultimately, and even in India, the growth there is strong. We’ve got the churn issues that we have to deal with in that particular market and we’re getting our arms around it and making sure that we really nail those there, but it’s not a growth issue. They’ve got new spectrum, they’ve got 4G, you see the likes of Facebook, you see all of the big foreign investment that’s coming into the marketplace, so it’s really an exciting market from a broadband wireless perspective. That kind of gives it on a global scale, and from a supply chain perspective, we don’t see any impacts on our side from a supply chain perspective at this point. Our customers are the ones that are kind of front line with issues that they may have from some of the OEMs and things like that, but at least from our perspective, we’re not seeing any impact from that perspective.
Tom Bartlett: Okay. Let me take a step back a little bit. In terms of what we’re seeing from an evolution perspective, if you will, first of all, this whole market is in fact developing. With regards specific to the edge, we are at the beginning and we’re seeing certain elements align, if you will, but we’re really starting to and trying to participate in those, but we really are at the beginning of it. If you start to think about, first of all, the [indiscernible] impact, what the cloud impact is, we just saw some recent announcements in the market relative to cloud layers aligning with some of the MNOs and we’ve seen Verizon doing that over the last year or so, what we’re starting to see is if you think about kind of the 4G low, midband power market and what it looks like at the site level, as we move into the 5G and lowband, midband, what we’re starting to see at the site, for example, is a lot of--you know, MIMO is going to be starting to be deployed, a lot of antenna arrays, a lot of new fiber that’s going up the pole themselves, five to 10 times more fiber strands needed, higher power, more heat, and so there’s a lot of elements that are going on actually at the site itself, which is going to drive more and more equipment improvements to the public radio interface on the front hole which connects, actually, the tower to the base band unit itself. Now what we’re starting to see is we’re seeing Cloud-RAN and O-RAN. From an O-RAN perspective, it’s different types of equipment that our customers are able to put together to be able to load onto the site, and at the base level, at the base band unit, which is where the data center element comes in, we’re starting to see a disaggregation at the base band unit level into the DU and into the CU level, and that’s giving our customers the ability and us to be able to look at where in fact we might be able to expand and be able to enjoy some of this additional compute capability that’s going to exist out at the edge as the 5G experience becomes more prevalent throughout the country. We continue and expect to see this incremental convergence of this wire line and wireless network. We think it stresses the importance of that first mile network architecture, and so as a result we’re actually very, very excited about the opportunity. It’s a shared neutral host solution, we think it’s going to be very efficient out at the site level, and we actually are exploring and going down the path of really two elements, two ways if you will. We’ve talked about the distribute compute. You know, the enterprise workloads continue to move onto the public cloud, and so there’s a growing near term market segment that’s in use of that kind of off-prem cloud computing, it’s really a hybrid solution, and so we’re located on some [indiscernible], if you will, of our sites and you’ll see them - there are shelters there, there’s power, there’s capability to be able to offer this kind of a capability to these kind of midsized enterprise accounts, and they’re actually being quite successful. They’re loading up very quickly and, believe me, they’re not meaningful from an AMT perspective but they are absolutely meaningful from an experience perspective and learning exactly what our customers are going to be looking for. The bigger opportunity for us is still at the mobile edge compute side, and so that will become, we believe, more of a reality as that 5G world becomes more developed, so we have a number of MOUs with a number of different players focused on solutions to the MNOs, as well as focused on solutions to the cloud service providers. We’re exploring those, putting those in front of those particular accounts and looking at what the ultimate opportunity would be, and the site is a perfect location for being able to expand our customers’ edge compute capability, not just within the United States but on a global basis. If we can bring in 500 kilowatts of power into a particular site with a number of shelters that exist in the site to be able to load up racks and servers, we think--and give that cloud ramp, which will actually exist in that DU, so that’s why that disaggregation is so important between those two particular elements of the RAN, we think that we can enjoy some significant opportunity upside here from this whole initiative. It is an extension of our existing platform - again, neutral host, but it really provides ultimately that cloud ramp which we think is going to be needed to be able to enjoy that kind of latency that our enterprise accounts and customers are going to be looking for.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, I think that the build itself--you know, our plan, our outlook I think has been the 6,000 to 7,000 sites. There could be some timing issues associated with the build. The need is there, I’m certain that the sites are going to be built, but particularly in a market like India who are suffering so significantly right now, there can be a timing issue in terms of having essential people out in the marketplace to be able to build. Clearly lives saved is more important than towers built, so there could be some timing issues there, but ultimately over that five-year period, we are seeing the demand for that 40,000 to 50,000 sites that Rod laid out, and our forecast right now is for that 6,000 to 7,000 sites, there could be some timing issues associated with particularly the sites in India. I’m not seeing the same implications in Africa at this point in time. By the way, our overall 6,000 to 7,000 sites, that outlook already includes some carving back of what we are expecting overall in the marketplace.  Relative to COVID overall, as we’ve seen over the last year, our business is quite resilient. People need connectivity - I think that’s been more obvious than ever over this past year, particularly in many of our global markets, and so our customers are doing everything possible that they can to be able to maintain that kind of connectivity. We’re doing everything we possibly can to be able to support them, to be able to ensure that kind of connectivity, so we’re working our tails off with our customers to make sure that we can do that.
Rod Smith: Sure Tom, that sounds great. Thanks Jonathan for the question. Hope you’re doing well. From a high level in terms of our Telxius financing, our plan has not changed, and we continue to make very good progress on the path that we originally announced, when we announced that we were entering into the transaction itself. There’s a few broad principles that we’re looking for. One is we expect to finance this deal in a way that’s consistent with our investment grade credit. That still is the focus. Our aim is to minimize the dilution of our current common stockholders, so continue to be focused on that as well, and we expect to finance this transaction in a way that supports it being immediately accretive, which is what we said early on and that’s continuing to be our focus and our expectation here as we move forward. A couple of things in terms of the internal workings of the financing plan. I don’t want to get into details around the governance and valuation and those sorts of things, but one thing I would say valuation-wise, it’s very consistent with the valuation of what we’re doing with Telxius. In terms of the minority stakes that we are selling, we’re selling minority stakes potentially in our European business not just to Telxius, but we will be putting our legacy businesses, combining that with the Telxius assets, so one key point is we do expect our debt to come up to the high five times - we’ve said that before, we’re still very comfortable in that range, and we do believe that that’s consistent with our investment grade credit rating. We’ve had many discussions with the credit agencies and we do not expect any risk of downgrades or outlook changes, or anything from that perspective. Additionally, near term senior notes that we may issue in order to fund the Telxius transaction are likely to be denominated in euro currency, and that will allow us to take into the very attractive rates that we see in the euro market certainly.  Then on the private capital front, as Tom alluded to and I mentioned in comments, we continue to progress along that path, and we’re very confident that we can bring in one or more very strategic investors. We certainly are talking to the world’s premier investors and certainly folks that understand this base, that understand the European market and other markets, quite frankly, as well as have relationships with some of our biggest customers around the globe, so there may be more than just financial benefits here to our shareholders but also strategic and kind of broader partnership benefits as well. Certainly that’s a key focus. Then the final piece of the financing plan will come in the form of equity, so whatever is not funded through the increased net leverage that I talked about and through the euro debt offerings and private capital, we expect to go into the market and issue some equity.  In terms of timing, we do expect the transaction to begin to close in the second quarter probably as early as late May for some of the European markets. The Latin American markets, we’re originally expecting that they would close probably sometime in Q3. There is a chance that Brazil and some of the other markets could close as early as the end of May or at some point in Q2, but we’ll continue to work through the timing there. There will be some assets, particularly some select rooftops that will close in Europe in Q3, not in Q2, so we will have multiple closings across Q2 and across Q3. That’s kind of the way that it shakes out, and again we remain very confident that this financing plan and our patience in putting it together and managing through the details I really going to pay off for our shareholders, and we’re in very good shape to begin to execute on this in the month of May as we prepare to close the first tranches of the Telxius transaction.
Rod Smith: Yes, thanks Tom. Thanks Matt, hope you’re doing well. Thanks for the question. With regards to our services business, as you saw in the comments earlier and I think Tom alluded to it, we are seeing a significant uplift in our services revenue for the year, so you saw us raise our full-year outlook to about $175 million, up from about $120 million. The margins are broadly consistent year over year, so we’re expecting that mid to just a touch above mid 50% margins - that’s similar to what we saw in 2020, that’s what we’re expecting in 2021.  In terms of the timing of the services revenue, we are seeing an acceleration of, let’s say, applications and activity in the market, and we expect that to continue throughout the next couple of quarters, so more than 60% of the revenue of the $175 million is back-end weighted, so we would expect in Q3 and Q4, both of those periods would be north of $50 million per quarter in terms of revenue. That’s kind of the way to think about services. Services, what we’re seeing really is kind of a broad-based increase in services that goes across most all of our large customers, certainly, and it’s focused on [indiscernible] engineering, miles analysis, things like that. Those sorts of activities are generally kind of front-end loaded. That services work happens well before you see leasing activity and any kind of an uplift in leasing revenue, so it’s a really good sign here in terms of the activity level, the services that we see kind of ramping up towards the end of this year and as we transition into 2022.  When you think about India and bad debt, there’s still a few places where we’re watching customers around the globe, a couple in Africa and a couple in India certainly. We’re doing really well. There’s no significant incremental bad debt in our outlook, and our accounts receivable, the way it sits at the end of Q1 is broadly in line with the way that it sat at the end of Q1 last year, so we haven’t had a significant increase in accounts receivable. We continue to collect and be pleased with the way that our customers are paying in India and in the select places in Africa that we’re watching. We did end up unwinding a bad debt reserve in India in Q1 by just under $10 million or so, so that’s certainly a good sign; but with that said, we continue to watch India. There’s a few things that we’re looking for relative to some of our customers there in terms of capital raise projects that they’re in, and certainly the amount of liabilities through the AGR and some of the activity between our customers and the government to try to negotiate those, we watch that quite closely. But that’s really the story on accounts receivable and bad debt, but we’ve had a good quarter, we did well throughout 2020, and we don’t have any significant incremental bad debt in our outlook for 2021.
Rod Smith: Yes, the Dish MLA has the 3% in there, so the escalator is consistent with everything else that we do and consistent with our philosophy here in the U.S. Then in terms of timing of the revenues, I’ll just maybe highlight for folks that we do expect revenue to begin in 2022, and it will be modest in that year and then it will ramp up going forward, and we’ll be working with Dish to help them roll out their network over an extended period of time. 
