Rod Smith: Okay. Great. Good morning, Michael. Thanks for the question. In terms of the U.S. leasing environment, we're seeing a very strong environment. Certainly all the major carriers have been active. You've seen that show up most notably in our services environment. We've seen a tick up in the contribution from colocation and amendment activity into our organic tenant billings growth, so that's been accelerating through each of the last 3 quarters, just as we expected from the outset in the year. So, in terms of our expectations, everything really is right in line with what we expected. I don't want to get too deep into the second part of your question around growth and activity when it comes to 2022, but I will just reiterate a couple of points that we've already made, so directionally your comments are correct.  We guided to an average organic tenant billings growth in the U.S. for '21 and '22 of around 2%. So, you can see we are coming in here in '21 at around 3%. That suggests around 1% organic tenant billings growth for 2022 in the U.S., so that's where we would expect to be. And again, I'm not providing guidance for next year, just reiterating the components of our long-term plan. And maybe one thing that I will highlight here just briefly is that Sprint churn hit us in Q4 for the first time, that first tranche, as you heard in my comments, so Sprint churn, now that it's active, I will just give you the numbers there again, 2021 we are rolling off 195 million of annual Sprint revenue in churn, in 2022, we'll roll off an additional 60, 2023 we'll roll off another 50 million, in 2024 we'll roll-off another 70 million. So that's Sprint churn, and that's what's really causing the lower organic growth rate within our U.S. business. Next year, the gross growth, we see the environment being very strong, accelerating through 2021, and we expect that to continue going in. Just to give you a couple of the piece parts in terms of the impact it will have on the fourth quarter, you will see organic tenant billings growth rates in the U.S. around a negative 1%, and that will include churn for the quarter of about 6.6%, and embedded within that is about 4.5% just from the Sprint churn.  And of course, all of this will have an impact on AFFO in terms of going forward into future years. So, we've guided that our goal is to hit double-digit AFFO growth on average from 2021 through 2027. And of course, some years it will be higher, some years it will be lower. The goal really is an average. And when you think about 2022 and this first tranche of Sprint churn kind of rolling through, that's a year that I would say that would be challenging to get to 10%. I'll also say, Michael, we haven't given up on it. There are certain levers that we can pull and things that we can do with the business to maximize AFFO and AFFO per share growth. And we're doing all of those -- all of those things. So that kind of puts a little bit of context around the U.S. activity for this year and rolling into next year.
Rod Smith: Great. Thanks for the question and good morning. And thanks for being on this call. So with advanced prepayment, I'm not going to provide details around that. I will say it was a little over $1 billion from one of our customers. It really is just a prepayment for lease payments going out over, let's say the next 12 months, so it will kind of run through our financial statements pretty quickly. And there's nothing more to it than just a prepayment of the next 12 months, kind of leasing fees. So from our perspective is it's not a big deal that helps with liquidity, brought our leverage down a little bit. You thought we ended a little bit below five times in terms of leverage. So it wasn't a bad thing for us to do, but it's a pretty simple transaction and I wouldn't want you to read any more into it than that.  In terms of supply chain, Tom may want to add a few comments here, but from a supply chain, we see no major impacts at this point, certainly across our business. As you can see in our services business, we continue to hit higher and higher levels of activity and bringing our outlook up again for another consecutive quarter here. We've got access to the cruise. You've also seen our margins expanding in the services business in particular, and in the U.S. we're not building a tremendous amount of Tower, so we certainly don't have any restrictions or challenges from that perspective.  One place I would say going into 2022, we will be keeping our eye on crew availability and labor and things like that. If the environment stays the way it is, we should be fine if things get worse, we'll need to keep our eye on it. We do buy a lot of generators. We have generated orders out that are already in place. That brings us out into the beginning to the middle of 2022. So from that perspective, we know we're going to get some materials we need or we expect to get the materials we need and feel pretty good about that.  But in the second half of 2022, again, we'll continue to watch the supply chain issues. And to the extent that there are any issues that get worse, we'll continue. to keep an eye on it and kind of pull the levers, but from where we sit now, we don't think we'll -- we don't see anything hitting us right now. We don't expect any challenges through the middle of 2022, and beyond that, it's too early to comment. We'll just keep our eye on it.
Rod Smith: Yeah, so the cap maintenance there is going to pop up in Q4. I think you see that you just mentioned in terms of our guide. It really is just timing, and it's a timing issue that we've seen in prior years. So if you look back at our last year, spread and maintenance CapEx, you'll see kind of the same sort of cycle. It is a Cash CapEx number, so it does lag a little bit in terms of the activity. So you see this kind of spike in leasing activity that's going -- that's running through our services revenue. And then you kind of see following on from that, you'll see an uptick in the maintenance CapEx that we run through to support the towers and maintain everything out of the tower sites. So it really is just a timing issue, Matt.
Rod Smith: Yeah. Sure, Ric. I'll -- good morning. Thanks for the question. I'll take that one. So let's say the interest rates are -- so you've seen us, Ric, over the last several quarters, even the last couple of years, very active in the capital markets, very active in terms of our debt structure, capital structure, and in different things like that. We've been focused on strengthening our balance sheet in a very proactive way. We now have our average maturities out over about 7 years with an average cost of debt down to about 2.4% or so. And 85% of our debt is now fixed out over the long term. So that's a heavier weighting towards fixed to variable compared to our kind of standard financial policy.  So we've been preparing for an environment where interest rates may tick up so we think from an interest rate perspective, our Balance Sheet is very solid and ready for it. There's nothing we can do about preventing interest rates from rising. We do think they may rise over time modestly, but we're very well prepared for it. The other thing I would add is in terms of global capital allocation, and looking to invest capital, the strength of our Balance Sheet really does represent a competitive advantage for us, particularly in a time when interest rates may be rising. So we'll keep an eye on that and look to be very opportunistic as we go forward from that perspective.  And then when you think about inflation rates, one of the ways you will see that run through our businesses is many of our contracts internationally, particularly in Africa and Latin America, are all geared towards inflation rates and the escalator is adjusted based on inflation rate. So as and when we see higher levels of inflation in the international markets, we'll see higher levels of growth as well in the U.S. And remind you that our escalators are fixed at around 3%. That's been consistent for a long time. So we're pretty well insulated from interest rates rising in the U.S. from a balance sheet perspective, but we still lock in that revenue growth of 3% on the U.S. escalator.
Rod Smith: Hey, Ric, you mentioned attributable. Maybe I'll just give you a couple of data points there because we have -- you've seen over the last quarter or so, we've had a few moving pieces with closing the Telxius transaction in numerous tranches. We also brought in private capital. It may be a good time to just level set that. So for the full year, we're looking -- you can see in our presentation, in terms of AFFO attributable to our minority, shareholders is about 100 million, and that breaks down 75 million roughly for the European business and about 25 million for the India business. The way our partners breakdown is, you know CDPQ owns 30% of our European business and Aliansce owns about 18% of that business.  PGGM holds about 17% in Germany, and about 13% in Spain. We have Macquarie as a partner over in India, they own about 8%. Now is a good time to kind of think about the run rate aspect of that minority interest. When you look at Q4, now that all the dust has settled, we think the run rate -- a good ballpark run rate is about 40 million for Q4. So if you annualize that, you get a range of 150 to 160, that would be attributable to the minority interest partners. The one word, actually I would say is, we will -- we did receive the put from a core where you've seen that in our filings. So we will eventually close on that and that'll be an adjustment to the numbers at that -- at that time.
Rod Smith: Yeah, I'll get the first one, Tom, around the payment cycle and equipment installation. Tim, I would say that it really works in a variety of ways depending on which contracts you're talking about and how it's structured. Certainly on a pay by the drink type of in all our contract, carriers would pay us lease by lease as and when they install the equipment, or probably better, more precisely said, when the contract gets executed and the commencement date is triggered, and that's typically when the building permit is pulled and construction starts or certainly by the time that the equipment is installed, if you looking at more of a holistic transaction, then there is a disconnection between fees and exactly when equipment is put on.  You've heard us say it before, and the holistic type of environment we price out activity over a multiyear period. We know exactly what the carriers want to do and what they are willing to pay for. We give them those rights and we put a payment cycle to it as well, which we spread out over time and a little bit more of a consistent manner so it's not as volatile as the activity. So in that context, you may see payments hit before equipment is installed and you can also see payments that after the equipment is installed. It really depends on the payment timeline that's in the holistic deal.
Tom Bartlett: And Michael, relative to your second question, you can tell that we're obviously energized and excited about the opportunity at the edge. I mean the impetus right now is really 5G and driving all of these lower latency types of applications and needs out further into the market closer and closer to the end user. We've always said from a digital transformation perspective, it's going to be cloud-based, it's going to be connected, and it's going to be distributed. And we think we're in a very good competitive position given the vast amount of distribution that we have in the 25 markets that we’re Steward servicing.  So we're trying to position ourselves inSteward this broader market to be able to take advantage of the opportunity. We're going to do it intelligently. Our execution strategy continues to evolve. We think we've done it intelligently in terms of picking up some of the Metro sites, building out our own sites. We have some market agreements in place to drive access into those sites, and this is going to evolve. This is not going to happen overnight as you well know. And so, we've got partnerships in place to be able to look at this. We're going to be able to hopefully leverage Steward some of those partnerships, and we'll just continue to monitor the best approach in terms of being able to best position ourselves, to be able to take advantage of this opportunity.  We've done that in the past in terms of being smart in terms of how we allocate capital to these types of investments. Will it take the form of partnerships owning -- further owning more metro sites, unclear at this point in time. That will continue to evolve as the market continues to evolve, but we do think we're in a really good position in terms of being able to leverage our real estate -- our exclusive real estate and to be able to take advantage of that neutral host model.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, thanks for the question and good morning. So we did see organic tenant billings in Asia kind of turned a corner here and gets a positive. So we posted a 0.7% positive growth rate. We're still looking for the full year to be right around 0. And as we look at the market, we remain optimistic in terms of the gross activity. So the way that even that 0.7 organic tenant billings for the quarter, I will give you a little bit of the breakdown there. So we're seeing high single-digits, nearly double-digit organic new business that's been pretty consistent for at least 6 to 8 consecutive quarters. And based on where they are in their development kind of transitioning from 3G to 4G networks. We expect that that gross demand should continue, the escalators are locked in right around 2 to 2.2% or so we have that to count on.  We have seen a moderation and a pretty sharp decline here year-over-year in terms of the churn rate. So a year ago, Q3 churn in India was about 13.5%, it's down now about 7.5%. We think that's certainly a very favorable sign and one that we expected to see, and we hope to continue to see that going forward. In terms of the -- we did see that there was some good news from the government in terms of regulatory support for the industry. And we think that that will help the market in general, the whole sector as well as the carriers, particularly the ones with the AGR dues.  But all the carriers, even with just spectrum fees, strengthen their own Balance Sheet, kind of regroup and gear up for competition in this sector there and to invest in their networks. So we are optimistic about going forward growth rates there, but we would expect, let's call it high single-digit organic growth with churn levels there, in the mid-single-digits and hopefully moderating down over time.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, thanks for the question. I'll take the first part there and so from when you look at our business over in Europe, we are very pleased with the trajectory of the growth rates over they you've seen a couple of sequential quarters of increased organic growth rates, just as we expected to see now that the market has seen a reduction in churn, they're gearing up for 5G deployments, so that's been really good to see. In terms of the piece parts of the organic tenant billings, certainly the Telefonica, additional sites plays a role in there. One of the biggest ways that it plays in early on, it's still very early in terms of bringing those assets in, but I think we've talked before about the assets there in Europe that they basically have a long-term contract and there on other tenant material, other tenants on there.  So there's really very little churn that will -- that's possible on that portfolio. So we have very low turn expectations on that portfolio and it's a big chunk of revenue, that certainly helps inflect the growth rates to go up higher. And then in terms of the question with drilage one-on-one, we really don't want to comment on ongoing negotiations, but negotiations continue there I can assure you.
Tom Bartlett: Hey David, if Tom, I can start and Rod can add in. With regards to Europe, we think we have a really solid position in them. And a few of the critical markets, we've got good scale in the markets we've got a great relationship, obviously with Telefonic and O-RAN in particular, and so we're, energized by the type of growth that we are now seeing in the marketplace. But we continue to look at opportunities to further build scale, not just in the 3 markets that we're in, but also if there are other opportunities, but only if it makes sense, like everything else that we do. And so there are, I think, a lot of opportunities in the region, and we're evaluating them as you would expect. And to the extent that there's some opportunities there to secure some of that portfolio to gain further scale even in the markets that we're in.  And relationships with key customers, we'll clearly look to do that. And so Europe is -- as we've said, an area or part of the world that we look to continue to further develop if it makes sense. With regards to Telefonica, again, we've got a great global relationship with them. They are positioning to an MVNO as you all know, and they're going to have some time for that to be able to -- for that to occur. There will be some churn over time, but the contract that we have with them, I think goes out for several years at this point in time. And so we'll continue to monitor that and we've managed these types of events. I think quite well over -- over our history. And I'm sure we will do that here.
Tom Bartlett: Ric, it comes back to the same model that we've been executing for the last decade. It's looking to build up scale, looking at the counter party, looking at the market itself, and then looking at the transaction itself, what additional capital has got to go into the portfolio to be able to ensure it, so we can support a second or third 10, and what is the growth profile look like. They're probably a dozen different elements of that evaluation that go into deciding whether in fact we would be interested, and then driving what that price is.  We've used the same 10-year discounted cash flow approach and continue to use it. Obviously, the variables change but largely -- I meant the actual numbers, but largely the variables themselves from a qualification perspective are the same. And so we'll look at those and look at all of those opportunities, we think about globally how to allocate capital.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. I mean, it's been very consistent. I mean, the pipeline itself there are -- there's more activity as you've seen, and as you report on in Western Europe. And, but in terms of the pipeline, in terms of the opportunities, they remain relatively consistent. Overall, if you look at our total portfolio, the last count I did we owned about a third of the inventory and all of the markets. And so there's still a lot of opportunity in the markets that we're in. Given how carriers, our existing customers, carriers are looking at continually looking at trying to monetize their portfolio. Smaller tower co's are looking for opportunities to exit. There was private capital involved in some of those smaller tower co's.  And so, they're looking to monetize some of their funds. Some increased opportunity in Southeast Asia that's going on as we speak, as you've well seen. But it's been -- the pipeline has been very consistent. I would say where it's a little bit out sized is probably the all of the noise is going on in Western Europe. And there just seems to be a lot of activity going on there as you've seen, as we've seen in the -- all of the public comments. And so it's probably a bit of an out-sized pipeline in that region, but other than that, it's been very consistent.
Tom Bartlett: Yeah, Jonathan. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I don't want to go through the churn carrier-by-carrier. But I think you do know that there are a few customers in Latin America that are exiting the businesses or that have been consolidated. So we do have the next exit down in the Brazil area. We do have Telefonica transitioning to the MVNO in that -- in the Mexico market and moving onto the AT&T site. Some of that churns began. You've seen a bump up in our non-run rate activity in Latin America for some decommissioning in Brazil that is related to the next cell sites coming down that will continue into next year.  So you'll see a bump up in churn, and then you will also see a bump up in that non-run rate as well. And then there are -- you will see some benefits to some of the churn that come through a settlement payment. And there are a few other smaller customers, but that probably gives you a flavor of who's there, and what's happening in Latin America from a churn perspective.
Tom Bartlett: I think in Nigeria, we've seen very strong growth for the last several quarters here. We expect that to continue. We've got a great portfolio in Nigeria was a solid anchor tenant with MTN in there as a partner of ours. So that's been really good. I would say that as long as the economy, and the economy in Nigeria is largely driven by fuel prices, as long as that's good, I think we're in really good shape because we've got a great portfolio in the country. and the carriers will continue to invest capital and build out sites. We've got a pretty robust build program there, so you've seen the guide with 7,000 thousand sites that we expect to build as a good chunk of those in Africa. And in Africa, a lot of them they're in Nigeria.  So I would say that we are very bullish on Nigeria in terms of the growth rates we're seeing high single-digit, if not double-digit, organic growth rates in Nigeria. As long as the economy there continues to roll forward I think we're in really good shape and that's largely, I believe, based on fuel pricing.
Tom Bartlett: Hey, John. It's consistent with what we've said in the past. We've got I think a terrific relationship with Verizon. I can't comment on anything specifically relative to negotiations or those types of things. But we want to be able to service our customers and be strategic to them, as makes sense for them. And so we'll look to continue dialog if they're looking for more of our card type of pricing we'll go in that direction. If they're looking for renewal for realistic will go in that direction. More to come, but they're very active in the marketplace. They're very aggressive in terms of building out their network, and I think we've seen it. They talked about it. And they are doing a terrific job, and we're here to support them however best we can.
Tom Bartlett: Okay. So we're as aggressively as we possibly can in terms of providing those sites out to our customers. The integration has gone really well. And it takes time from a system perspective and getting that organized, getting them into systems and integrating systems and things like that, that can I can take 6 months to a year. but that doesn't prevent us from marketing those sides to our customers and making them available to all of our customers will be aggressive from a capital perspective, to the extent that there are some sites that we need to attend to, from a structural perspective, to be able to support them. But I've said all along, and this was a really terrifically built portfolio, and that was one of the attractions to the portfolio to begin with.  So we're being as aggressively as we can to really be able to take advantage of these sites, particularly markets like Germany and Spain, where 5G is really picking up. From a U.S. perspective, you're right. If you go back to even old analog days, the markets were generally built up from your urban markets, because that's where you're able to get the best bang for the buck when you're rolling out capital. This one though, I would say, with 5G is broader. It is a goal to get nationwide coverage for all the customers.  And then to continue to fill it in as demand and as capacity requirements are required. What's not a surprise to us, and I reiterated in my comments, the macro towers is the main asset that our customers are deploying 5G on. And I never had any doubts of that, simply because I've been involved in the industry for 30 years. So the macro tower is just the best way for our customers to get that signal out to their customers. And so we're seeing that, but we are seeing it more across the entire country. Again, as customers are really trying to be able to get to that nationwide coverage.
Tom Bartlett: Yeah, and Tim on the other two questions, relative to technology, we have a number of technology consultants that we can -- we use, that I talk with weekly, as well as all of our own internal. We continue as I said before, I believe that macro site is the most efficient way for customers worldwide to be able to deploy their, networks and continue to be so, and as I just mentioned, is what you've seen from our customers talking about rolling out 5G. It's all on the macro sites. So the answer to the question on the, on the technology side is, no, we don't see any competing technologies that we'll get in our way there. From an inflation perspective, 95% of our contracts in the U.S. are on a fixed escalator.  And my sense is that that's it's a very important element of our agreements and that's going to continue to stay. There are going to be some years when it may be a bit higher, although it hasn't been for many, many years. And so generally it's underneath it, but it's also consistent with how we look at our land in terms of the landlords as well. So it's a balance as well between the land -- landlords as well as our customers. So I don't think that there's any unique opportunity to be able to really change that as you well know. We were really -- priced our contracts where it makes sense for our customers to want to be on our sites. And so we continue to look at our pricing along those lines.
Tom Bartlett: Great. Thanks, Leah. And thank you, everyone for joining the call. Have a good rest of your day. Thanks everyone.
