Thomas Bartlett: Yes, with respect to the indexing, we continue to believe that the majority of our revenue, 98% of our income is generated from income producing real estate, and largely, our customers are all investment grade. So when you line up our business versus the indexes is we think that we fall squarely within all of the indexes, including the majority of the NAREIT indexes, the RNC as well as all the indexes. So we've had a lot of ongoing discussions with them. We continue to update the investors relative to our business and ensuring that they understand the complexity of our business and the makeup of our business and how it lines up, we think with the indexes. And so we think we're in a good position and we think we are, again, squarely in the middle of all of the index requirements. Having said that, as you well know, the advisory groups supporting the indexes, it's difficult to predict. And so what we can do is to educate them and make sure that they understand our business and we'll see what kind of shakes out over the next 3 or 4 months. We expected it, again, that once we make the determination to be a REIT, and pay the dividend, the required dividend, that we should be in those indexes early in 2012.
Thomas Bartlett: And, James, I just would add -- I might just add to that, on a consolidated basis, performance has been just as Jim said right where we expected it to be. The first half's commence activity is well ahead of 2010 with the U.S. tracking slightly ahead in our international markets well ahead of 2010 leasing level. And with regards to guidance, we are increasing revenue by $30 million, $25 million of that is actually due to the acquisition activity that we have going on. So it's a relatively small piece is actually related to FX.
Thomas Bartlett: Yes. Jason, as we've said and as you all know, converting to a REIT is a tax strategy for us designed to reduce the company's tax burden and provide a meaningful distribution to our investors. We don't expect that it will impact our core business strategy or growth plans. Our international operations, as I laid out in some of my slides, will be held within the taxable REIT subsidiary structure, the TRS structure, really to allow us to retain the cash flow generated by our international operations and fund the future international growth. The net asset value cannot exceed 25% of our consolidated gross assets, but as Jim said, there are a lot of different ways for us to be able to ensure that we meet that IRS requirement with the addition of leverage, external, as well as intercompany, or even moving the international assets into our qualified REIT structures as may REITs do. So we think we have a lot of vehicles available to us to allow us to continue with that ongoing and continued growth.
Thomas Bartlett: Yes, Ric, we're actually -- have received one set of comments as Jim remarked and they're now responded and now we've received another one. So we're actually in the Second Amendment, if you will, phase of the S-4. The questions continue to get less, which is good and nothing that we didn't expect there at all. And we really are now planning to have this second amendment include our second quarter results which we would have normally had to do anyway. So we would expect to file that within the next couple of weeks. And we would expect over the next 45, 60 days, if you will, to be through this process. I think we're in a good step in terms of being able to accomplish that, which is consistent with our initial planning strategy to then have the -- in the fourth quarter, if you will, the shareholders meeting and then subsequent to that, the distribution. So we think we're in a good step right now. We're right where we expected to be, and as well as on the operational side, we think we'll be fully ready to be REIT ready on January 1.
Thomas Bartlett: Yes, sure, Jon. I mean, within the U.S., about 25% is actually owned or under a capital lease and our statistic in terms are kind of over 90% is greater than 10 years. We've been fairly aggressive this year, I think, through the first half of the year, we spent about $48 million buying land and I think we've acquired over 300 parcels, if you will, of land. Our outlook for this year is $100 million. And I think we will be there or even exceed the $100 million in terms of land acquisitions. So probably doubling the kind of the parcel acquisitions that we've done in the first half of the year, so maybe over 600 or so. And we continue to build up the organization, to be as aggressive as we can where it makes sense. We do have the same disciplined approach to buying this land, as Jim identified, when we're looking at U.S. deals or any deals outside of the U.S. So we have very specific IRR requirements in terms of what we want to achieve. And generally speaking, up for renewal, if you will, within the U.S., it's 30 or 40 parcels per year that are kind of up for renewal. And our group, who is actually looking to acquire land, is actually looking at land that's going to be coming up for renewal 3 to 5 years out. So we're well ahead of the renewal schedule here, if you will. But we remain very active and we do believe that the land is a very important asset and we'll continue to be very aggressive in the marketplace. But only where the financials make sense.
Thomas Bartlett: No, I mean, it's always IRR based. Our commitment is to continue to increase recurring free cash flow per share and ROIC. So it's always going to be IRR based, it's always going to be the kind of the foundation of it. Now having said that, there are going to be some parcels of land that are more strategic than others, but on balance, as I said, we're still actively looking at land and ensuring it meets our internal hurdle rates.
Thomas Bartlett: No, I mean based upon our outlook, it's not that different from prior years. It's 45% really in the first half versus 55% in the second half, which really does follow the normal CapEx spending of our customers. And so that's what's built into our outlook.
Thomas Bartlett: No, actually both. I mean, we do have the DAS investment, but we do see a significant amount of activity down in Latin America, for example. And so as a result, we're making sure that we're able to be positioned to be able to support the growth coming from the likes of Nextel International and Tim and America Movil and Telefónica, all of those that have actually secured spectrum over the last 12 months. So there's a good piece of the increase in redev coming in that particular market as well.
Thomas Bartlett: No, I think overall, I mean, if you take a look at our -- kind of our $20 million increase in SG&A, half of that is actually coming from new markets, so things that we've actually acquired, if you will, over the last 12 months. And an additional $4 million or $5 million is actually coming from regionalization. Just I think a smarter way, if you will, to be able to be closer and closer to the market place. Overall, being incurred to be able to support and scale our businesses going forward. So I would expect the SG&A that we are incurring to be isolated, if you will, to 2011 such that I would expect it to come back to more historical levels and this isn't guidance, if you will, but what I would see, if you will, over in the next couple of years, they would come back to more historical levels relative to, say, a couple of years ago, if you will.
Thomas Bartlett: No, it definitely will scale. I mean, a lot of the upfront costs that we've incurred is in preparation of supporting the existing business and new business. So like the U.S., I would expect that to trail down as well and continue to support the revenue growth. And so as that revenue continues, I would expect the SG&A as a percentage of revenue to decline.
Thomas Bartlett: Okay. Clay, let me cover the -- just on the same tower perspective. And again, remember, same tower is on those towers that we had 12 months ago, right? And it doesn't deal with the things that we've built or acquired in the last 12 months. And I would say the same tower in the United States and internationally overall is not dissimilar in kind of that 8% to 9% range. And we would expect, on the U.S. side, I think relative to what our outlook has, the continued kind of same type of same tower growth. And on the international side, I would expect it to start to increase relative particularly down in Latin America, where we've seen a lot of new spectrum being deployed, if you will, in -- across the markets, particularly in Brazil and in Mexico. And we would expect in longer-term to really start to develop the single-tower co-location market that we built in Chile, Peru and Colombia where we acquired those towers from Telefónica and have one tenant on them and we now expect to be able co-lo on those towers with other people coming into the marketplace.
Thomas Bartlett: Yes. Actually, it's pretty consistent on an overall basis. I think that the same tower is going to be in that 8 plus or minus -- plus percent range and the -- actually the new sites will probably be in the 12% range such that our overall kind of on a core basis, we'll be in that 20% range.
Thomas Bartlett: The way I would characterize it, Gray, is that in the U.S., AT&T and Verizon by far are the most active carriers, yes to that. And also, you're correct, on the second half of your assumption is, we don't have significant expectation in the outlook of Sprint activity at this point.
James Taiclet: And, Simon, this is Jim. From a logical perspective, what we've taken is the requirements for say the NAREIT equity, REIT index as an example, we've lined up the requirements, lined up our business right beside it. We feel it's right down the middle, but we do have to wait for the process to play out and let us know where it falls.
James Taiclet: Sure. It's Jim, Simon. We've responded to the SEC's request for documentation and we're continuing to cooperate with them on their review. We provided them with a large set of documents related to our tax accounting and reporting. We believe the SEC investigation, in part, relates to one former employee's complaints that we received in the past that the company, as to which we investigated thoroughly and found no material issues all the way up to and including our audit committee and board. So this time, we can't predict the scope or the outcome of the SEC's investigation. But on that particular item, we've reviewed it thoroughly and we feel that the company is in good shape.
James Taiclet: Well, we believe that the comments to the S-4 that we've gotten from the SEC which I think comes from actually a different department are ordinary course in nature, separate from the tax accounting and reporting matters involved in this other inquiry and we frankly, haven't received any indication that the request for documents that centered around those GAAPs tax accounting questions will impact the timing of our REIT conversion.
James Taiclet: Sure, Jason, it's Jim again. On the U.S. demand side, our expectation and what we included in outlook is tracking very closely to reality this year. You might remember that, and this is my recollection of Crown's public statements, I believe they said that they had decremented 2010 to 2011 about 15% in their original guidance and they brought it back up I think about the same number. We've not decremented. We went from 2010 to 2011, we thought at or slightly above in the U.S. as far as the tracking performance. That's what we're seeing. It sounds like that's what CCI may also be seeing and I think it's in complete synchronization with our original outlook.
James Taiclet: Yes. And on the international target ratio, 4 or 5 years ago, I put out the 25% to 30% international target, alongside that growing U.S. business, and our team has actually been able to accomplish. We're going to probably see that by the end of the year, so we'll be around 30% run rate year end 2011. So having established that original goal is having international a major part of this company, and an ability, Simon and Al, execute transactions really anywhere in the world on a major basis. We're going to continue to seek to make investments that meet our return criteria and we're going to apply that approach to the U.S. as we've always done and abroad. And so rather than picking another number and tacking it on the wall, we're just going to continue to run our process, choose the very best opportunities as we move along here. Now just based on reality, the U.S. is still the vast majority of our revenue, probably will be for a long time, but I think we've hit that original target and we'd build a capability to just pick the best spots as we move forward inside or outside the U.S.
James Taiclet: We actually don't see any limitation. I'll let Tom give you some more details but we've looked at this from every direction. All the REIT tests can be satisfied. There are other REITs with large international operations as well, historically. There are a lot of tools to stay within the REIT test and Tom can give you a little bit more there.
James Taiclet: Batya, it's Jim. On the U.S. deal side, we've been U.S. deals for as long as I've been here. We did the first major tower consolidation. We've done 4 or 5 midsized transactions over the last 18 months in the U.S. even during the financial crisis, we're able to finance and accomplish those. So we're in the market all the time and we used our 10-year DCF model on large and small U.S. acquisitions when we see one we like, we go ahead and do it. So we don't have a large number of tower acquisitions to report year-to-date. I think it was sub 130s, as far as our tower count. That doesn't mean we're not looking at many things. But we're very disciplined here and we're very disciplined in the U.S. So things really haven't changed for us. We'll take the opportunities as they come, evaluate and we'll do them when it makes sense. As far as the AT&T and T-Mobile towers, that's a regulatory issue that we'll let the government look at and we'll stand aside from it. If there is an outcome where towers are available due to that or any process that goes on in the industry, we would certainly take a look at them.
James Taiclet: And, Ric, just to put a larger framework around it, the merger outlined in the S-4 is designed primarily to implement some ownership provisions that will enable our company and really any company that wants to act as a REIT to more effectively comply with the IRS regulations and standards going forward sort of into infinity. We're not close to any of those ownership standards today, we're not close by a mile to any of them. So while we believe it's prudent to put those ownership restrictions in place, then it's a traditional thing that REIT converters do, those provisions are not a prerequisite or a requirement for REIT conversion. Now that's just the framework we intend to go after, get it done, have it done by the end of the year. But for any reason that we might get delayed on the merger front, that does not necessarily preclude us from conversion.
James Taiclet: Ric, there are many, many puts and takes as you know, but I think our fundamental objective is to guarantee, to the extent that we can, a rise in revenue line with each and every carrier that we've dealt with whether it's inside in the U.S. or outside. In exchange for that rising revenue line, we've got to offer value to those carriers. Some would rather pay by the drink in a way, site by site, amendment by amendment. Others would like to bundle those and have an easier planning cycle and an easier budgeting cycle for them, quicker transactions, if you've already got that more complex transaction already standardized. And so we try to meet the needs of our customer and maintain a rising revenue rate faster than we think we otherwise could and that's the whole basis of our negotiation of an MOA.
James Taiclet: Yes, that's across the management team, that's the view. Phil, it's Jim again. You've got to remember we went from 3 countries on 2 continents to 9 countries on 4 continents and there's some level of infrastructure needed to operate globally like that. We put the majority of it in place and Tom's exactly right. The growth rates in SG&A going forward, will moderate.
James Taiclet: And, Clay, it's Jim. On the services side, just again to put it in context, it's only about 2% of company revenue to begin with. The only reason we do some of these services is to facilitate and reduce the timeline or the cycle time for a tenant to get on our tower. In the U.S., there is a range of services that we think is helpful in that regard including site acquisition and getting zoning and building permitting because some of those processes are pretty thorough. But internationally, we don't believe that all of those elements are needed. The one we might attempt to globalize a little bit is our structural engineering capability, which I frankly think is the best in the world at this particular skill set. But that's only about 0.5% of company revenues. So aside from that, you're not going to see a big deployment of our services business outside the U.S.
James Taiclet: I mean, today, it's generally -- I mean, I'm talking about the international market overall. And India over the last 12 months or so, we've continued to see increased levels of co-location in the marketplace. As Jim mentioned before, we would expect to see even increased build over the next 6 months. So longer-term, I think when the spectrum continuously get build out, I would hope that we might even see higher levels of same tower growth in the marketplace. Tenancy is still down in that kind of the 1.6, 1.7 range. So we remain very bullish on India.
