Thomas M. Ray: Well, I guess, I think, we're fully staffed. We have people in the seats that we want to have – have in. I do think we can continue to improve in terms of productivity, you know, some of those people are still newer and fewer of them are on ramps in the end of the last year, but some are still on ramp. And even for some who are off ramp, they're probably not as productive as we would expect or hope, later in the year. So I don't think we need to add positions, but we do believe that we can do better than we're doing right now; we're not displeased, but we think we can continue to improve.
Thomas M. Ray: And Dave, really quickly, regarding leasing and productivity, I want to reinforce this – the comment around the distinction between wholesale leasing and what we think of as our transaction engine. So when I say we're working to increase productivity and production, it's really on the transaction end. So we don't want people on the phone to take that statement of we think we can get more productive, as we're going to see more wholesale leasing come in and more kilowatts and square footage being sold. That's not what we're trying to do this year. So I just want to underscore that distinction.
Thomas M. Ray: It's a powered shell, Manny, with a maximum allocation from the substation onsite. They get their allocated share that they can use in the building. If they use less than that, fine, but they can't use more than that.
Thomas M. Ray: We can't speak specifically to SV6, Manny, we just – we'll ask you to just interpret this up. We can't say anything about that lease.
Thomas M. Ray: We had a lease that we signed in the prior Q that we had targeted to commence inside the Phase 1 in that building – Phase 1 space. And some of the things the customer is looking for were a little bit different as we worked toward implementation. We put them in Phase 2. So you saw a square footage come out of Phase 1 and go into Phase 2. Phase 1...
Thomas M. Ray: Well, not big ones, I think that, that broadly spoken Barry, I think most of the markets are getting better, showing a little bit of a price strengthening over the last few quarters. I probably carve out Los Angeles, Boston, and Miami that are not negative; they're just reasonably flat or maybe showing that 2% to 3% annual inflation-related market adjustment. The rest of the markets in general, I think are showing a little more health in that. I wouldn't point to one that I think is measurably different than we said it was a quarter ago.
Thomas M. Ray: I think it's pretty even with demand at least in terms of permits and breaking ground. There are – anytime rents are rising, I think you see more people looking for dirt and thinking about doing more. I wouldn't say the behavior around that right now is outsized, but we see a little more interest. I would expect that to accelerate over the next couple of years. And – but we haven't seen any speculative behavior that we think is going to be meaningfully disruptive in the near-term.
Thomas M. Ray: Yeah. And Barry, we're really just thinking more up into the right in the transactional engine. So again, if you think of it this way, much for wholesale last year, we have a – we would hope to have less wholesale this year relative to total leasing. And we're not going to work to try and do more wholesale than that might suggest. If the markets are favorable, and if we get more production out of our team, we want to get that in that smaller transactional bucket. And look, all we can say is, we were up 4% or 5% this quarter over last quarter. And we think we have – we've staffed, and we've invested such to do better, and go up into the right, it's really hard to predict the slope of that curve, we're just focused on up into the right.
Thomas M. Ray: Well yeah, I mean – I think we are now established as a highly capable developer, and there are – there's a market for those development services, so we don't shy away from it. It's not traditionally been a big piece of our business. I think you see that business more active where you already have land. And so you see that from us in Santa Clara, this is our second build-to-suit. Our general view on build-to-suits is, as we've said in the past, to build a 100,000 square foot or 200,000 square foot building on a TKD basis at today's rate, probably does not make sense for our balance sheet, but if you can serve an important need, accelerate monetization of land you own, and get a good yield on the capital going to build the shell, that's a business we've executed successfully in the past. I think we have another one this quarter, and we don't shy away from it in the future as well, but it's – I think the growth of that business probably has more to do with land, and we're pretty happy where we're right now in terms of having spec land lying around.
Thomas M. Ray: I'd just say if we – to the extent we buy any more land in the future, it's going to be with a view towards putting it to use in our TKD program and it's going to make that clarification. We're not trying to go long on land and build a gigantic development services business. Development services is a good business, we will not shy away from it, we'll do it when it's smart. But probably not going to be a big piece of our balance sheet.
Thomas M. Ray: Thanks for the question. Regarding the increase in rates, power density for the Q is in line with the trail. So we just did see better rates in general, and better yield on the lease assigned in the last Q, that can be affected little bit by geography, and I just neglected to take that part of it apart this time, and compare it to the trail, we get higher rates in LA than we do in Miami. I think in terms of geographic distribution, it's reasonably consistent with the trail, nothing really anomalous. So that's the rent per foot answer. It was just a little bit better. And what was the other question, I'm sorry.
Thomas M. Ray: Same old story. We've been saying for four and a half years, we target north of a 12% (37:15) on the use of our capital, and there are times when we do a whole lot better than that. The – we believe the build-to-suit, the return on incremental capital, we're going to invest in that is in line with our objectives. And the range of yields we get on our respective elements, again, we shoot for north of 12% (37:40) we've been, I think pretty good at making that happen, and we've had some that are considerably higher. We just don't really like pointing at that. And over time, as you compare us to others, just look at the change in EBITDA, and you look at the change in the balance sheet and yields over three-year or four-year period will be crystal clear in the math. And we invite people to continue to perform that diligence on us.
Thomas M. Ray: My best quantification, Jordan would be poquito (38:49). It's – you're seeing some. Nothing is going to wild, right. The – it's tighter in most of the markets, but most of the markets still have the same number of competitors who are still out there with some degree of capacity. I think you just see more discipline across the industry now. People have learned what works and what doesn't work and start to say no to things that don't work. And markets are a little bit tighter. So look, yeah it's moving in the right direction. I just don't think we're going to see huge spikes, and we're not seeing those right now.
Thomas M. Ray: Just can't speak to that lease at all, Jordan. We – I thought we met somebody's need in a way that was very good for our company last time. I think the markets are little bit more competitive right now and we're responsive to that, but we still felt very good about the new lease, and again our statements that we feel, it's in line with our hurdle is where we stand. But we can't point to anything about that lease in particular.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, our comments in the prepared remarks were that we believe we have the opportunity to build another data center there, and it's certainly something we look at. We are getting very full in the Bay Area, and then it turns to a question of – discussions with our Board around what's the best use of the balance sheet, and what are the most attractive alternatives on not only return, but a risk adjusted return basis. And certainly Santa Clara is in the mix of things that we're looking hard at. But there are a lot of, we believe, intelligent things to do with our capital, and we're still working through that prioritization with our Board.
Thomas M. Ray: Yeah. I mean, you do see more of the markets, sub-500 kW, and this is consistent with past statements over the last year, year and a half. There is clearly market pressure in that 130 kilowatts to 500 kilowatts range, for more of that to be either metered or a synthetic meter basis – a draw cap model or other models that have less return on them in terms of total revenue than a pure breakered model that is smaller. That threshold is pushed from 500 kilowatts down to 250 kilowatts to 130 kilowatts, and it's a little muddy in that 130 kilowatts to 500 kilowatts range, but you are seeing pressure – downward pressure.
Thomas M. Ray: Yeah. I think on growth and development – look in the – certainly in the foreseeable future, we feel very good about our ability to grow the company. And if you look at how we've done that in the recent history, the last four and half years, a significant amount of our growth comes from the Bay Area, D.C./Virginia, LA. A year, year and a half ago, we added New York to that; so that's kind of our big four. Chicago and Boston have been kind of medium-sized growth contributors, and then Denver and Miami are frankly pretty small. And so, the key for us is continuing to fuel in these big markets. We've accomplished a significant growth rate really three out of those four markets over the years, because we didn't have NY2. Now we have NY2 and we have plenty of room to run in three markets: NY2, Virginia and LA, and we're certainly looking at the Bay Area, because that's where we are constrained. But even without that, I think we can continue to do a good job of growing the company.
Thomas M. Ray: Well look, we just – we – first we look at growth the way we've described it, with these four layers. And the first layer is depth inside markets we're currently active in. And we look at how much room is left to – how much capacity can we continue to deliver really in those big four markets, and to some extent the other two, Chicago and Boston, and we look at our balance sheet capability, and we match those things up. I'll encourage you guys to do the same. If there's a point where your forecast says we've delevered below where we are right now in terms of times EBITDA coverage, and your model says we're running out of inventory in Virginia, that's probably something we're going to – want to use that debt capacity to go address. But it's a dynamic relationship between these four prioritizations of capital, the first one being the markets we're in and our balance sheet and specifically our leverage capacity.
Thomas M. Ray: So we're toggling those two things all the time and encourage you guys to think about your models the same way.
Thomas M. Ray: I do think, the highest level that real estate development cycles tend to repeat themselves, I think it's hard to get away from that. So – and again, I think that, that activity has a much greater impact on wholesale rents. We're really trying to really drive growth in the non-wholesale part of our business, but it takes time to get land, get power, get entitled and get built. So certainly over the next year or maybe even two years, you have pretty good visibility that – it's highly unlikely that supply is going to get out of hands. Two years or three years from now, I think if yields are gone up, I think alternative capital is going find its way back into the sector, and I think the wholesale business will remain somewhat cyclical.
Thomas M. Ray: Into the cycles – cycles is the amplitude, start to decrease a little bit as people get wiser or maybe as markets get bigger, maybe, but I still think you're going to see meaningful cyclicality in the wholesale sector over time.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, we just want to say thank you to, again to everybody on the call, investors and the analyst community. Thanks for putting the time to trying to understand our company better and better. We want to say thanks to our employees who've been working incredibly hard and continuing to do so and continuing to get sharper, better, faster more productive. And we're going to keep trying to move that trend forward and generate returns for our investors. Thanks again for your time.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yeah, Dave. I think in general from the type, I think, in general, we would continue to do what we enjoy, or I guess what we prefer, which is ultimately trying to maintain as much flexibility in our capital structure as possible. That, combined with the size of the proceeds – if we were looking at something today, our revolver only has about $233 million drawn on it today. So we don't need an enormous amount of capital. So that combined with maintaining flexibility is – leans towards doing something else, probably akin to a term loan, similar to what we did a little over a year ago. Timing, I think we're closer to it today than we were a year ago, and it's something we're looking at and continuing to monitor around the exact timing on.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Hey, Tayo. It's Jeff. Thanks for the comments. I think just in general when you look at our results for Q1, obviously we're happy with the results, and that would equate out to a run rate of about $2.56 per share, that's obviously at the – right at the low end of our guidance for the year.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: I think as you think about your models going forward, I just want to point you to a couple of things that I mentioned on the prepared remarks. First, we always have margin compression around our power in the second quarter and third quarter of every year, that was at the times when the rates increased, so just focus a little bit on that. And then secondly, the other item is, as we're finishing development obviously, we finish development on the first phase at VA2 this quarter, and we'll finish the second phases of development at both NY2 and VA2 next quarter, that's going to lead to a lower amount of capitalized interest, taxes and insurance.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Broadly speaking, we've guided the last quarter to say that our percentage of capitalized interest would drop to somewhere between 25% and 30% for the year. In the first quarter, we are right at about 50%. So if you take that run rate for the quarter from the first quarter, that difference between the 50% actual and 30% where we think it'll be for the whole year is roughly $500,000 to $600,000 per quarter. So just factor that into your modeling as well.
