Tom Bartlett: Okay, Michael, I can start and Rod can join. We're right on track with our previously planned growth rates going forward. We would expect kind of an acceleration in the back half of 2022, and then even a further acceleration into 2023. So we have so much visibility with regards to our MLAs I think we're in a really good position to be able to track what that growth looks like. But everything is right on track, as we've laid out. And with regards to AT&T, nothing outside of the ordinary. I mean, all the carriers are building at a great pace. And as I said, very consistent with how we've seen the market and how we see it developing over the next several years.
Tom Bartlett: Just quick on the – sorry Mike I had a little computer difficulty here that I just had to, to address. Yes. So when it comes to the, to the India information, it really is associated with the consolidation that we've seen in the Indian market with the turn that we've had over the last several years, as you're well aware of with that, when we have single tenant towers where we don't see additional lease possibilities in the near term, we did end up taking those down to kind of rationalize the operating expense aspect of kind of what we're what we're doing in India. So as you see churn in India continue to moderate which we've seen to a great extent, over the last couple of years, you'll see commission activity in the tower reduction slowdown as well. And there is usually a little lag between when you see the churn come through our revenue numbers. And then when you see the tower, some towers actually come out of the tower counts.
Tom Bartlett: Hey Simon, maybe I'll take on the data center side. And we had another really strong quarter with all of our data center business. We've largely completed the integration of our legacy centered into intercourse, right. Strong sales, strong backlog, really positive cash MDM, churn is right on contract. So we're really pleased they're outpacing as Rod mentioned, we've actually upgraded our, our guidance relative to the activity that we've seen within CoreSite. So really strong top line growth, new and expanded sales activity, all very, very good mix with new logos with a network, new business, as well as with hyperscale. So really balanced, strong growth and interconnection, as well, which I think is just critical to this the competitive advantage that we are seeing in the business and fully expected. So couldn't be more pleased with, with what the business has been able to generate out of the gate.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, it's I mean, it's yes, there is. I mean, we've actually created internally an Edge Advisory Board, we're setting up an Edge Lab, we've scanned our sites, and we've done the really the full evaluation of, of our sites that can support a megawatt and two megawatts of activity. We're looking by the end of the year to actually establish and start to build out a few of these megawatt facilities. And we're in discussions, with all the potential participants looking to take advantage of the opportunity. So, it's still early days, as you recall that the reason for this particular transaction was the underlying business itself, diversification of our existing business into the broader digital infrastructure, industry, and then the potential for being a major player in terms of developing what that edge would look like. And so we'll have more about this on our third quarter call. We talk more about technology, Simon.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, sure, Ric. So the way that we've got the guidance that next year, or actually in Q4 of this year, the full year kind of utilized run rate of approximately $200 million. $50 million of that has really come -- in the data center business that we have. So that's kind of the exit run rate. The balance, roughly the $150 million, is what we have in Europe. So that's kind of what you can think of from the minority interest piece of our AFFO going into next year. $200 million. $150 million in Europe and about $50 million on the data center side. And that's mandatory, you're going to see that through with deduct to our AFFO. The mandatory is about $750 million mid-single-digit interest rate. So you just calculate the math, and that's what you'll see in terms of the deducts from AFFO from that.
Tom Bartlett: I don't know, Ric, if we would put out a table. But I can tell you this year for the full year, we're looking at about $110 million or so in amortized revenue kind of coming through our numbers. That's down a little bit from last year. Last year, we were about $140 million. I think from a going forward run rate basis, if you think of that line item being around $25 million to $30 million on a quarterly basis. That's what we see. We think it will hold pretty consistent as we go forward. But you can think about our amortized revenue in line with the $25 million to $30 million per quarter, and it's going to be a $100 million this year.
Tom Bartlett: And Ric relative to your second question. I mean, it all comes down to really barriers to entry. And if you think of the, the asset that we have with CoreSite, the barriers to entry are incredibly strong, with the interconnection capability with the cloud on ramps. And so, it's hard to think about a world in which, our customers are not going to be still looking at kind of this hybrid environment, to be able to connect with the cloud to be able to really use data centers as a sales channel for themselves as their interconnection within the business. So, we don't anticipate any of that kind of activity you said, but I must say that it's I think this particular asset that we have within CoreSite, and we're building out, really continues to build up those barriers to entry. And, and that's going to be critical. It's much like the tower business. We build up a strong barrier to entry with the foods and pieces of real estate we have, that's our strategy to find those assets, that have those strong barriers that we can continue to develop.
Tom Bartlett: Hey David. Let me take that one and then I'll let Rod and then I'll come back and add on to that to that to the first one. Relative to how Verizon is building out their seat, man, it's really hard to tell, in terms of whether it's happening with other carriers who have more holistic type of an MLA versus ourselves I don't think so, candidly. I think that Verizon is being very, as they always are measured in terms of how they're rolling out C-band. And I would expect candidly over the next half of the year, and clearly into 2023, some real investments that they're going to be making it to the site. We represent a significant piece of their portfolio, and strategically located in some critical markets, that I know Verizon is going to want to drop in C-band on the site they have to. And I would expect that to see in the second half. Relative to the timing in terms of us not having that it's really difficult to say whether there has been a timing difference in terms of when we're going to see that type of activity, as I said, I don't think so. But more importantly, I would expect to see significant activity really ramping up in the second half and into 2023, which is the more important element.
Tom Bartlett: Hey Matt. I'll take the first one, Rod can take the second one. We're very focused on the U.S. as we said. Yes, there are a lot of opportunities outside of the United States. And, and as a result of the positioning that we have with CoreSite, we get approached by many, many different players to develop, but we're very focused on the U.S. And as Rod said, to the extent that there's outside CapEx, we're going to be incredibly measured about how we spend that, but it will be at the tower sites. Remember the Edge is all about the opportunity at the site itself. And we've identified, largely over 1000 sites that with power and interconnection could support upwards of at least a megawatt of capacity. And so we're going to be looking at that where we can take it to a megawatt where we can take it to two, where we can take it to three. And to the extent that we're able to develop the demand from a customer perspective, we will look at building, that kind of capacity out, but it'd be very measured. It will be based upon demand. And it will largely be in the United States.
Tom Bartlett: Sure, I'll do the first one. On DISH, they're right where we thought they would be. I mean, they've been very measured in terms of their deployment. They've been very active. Got a couple of critical markets that they are bringing up. And we have a comprehensive MLA with him, and we're seeing good activity across the country.
Rod Smith: Yes. And Tom, maybe I'll just add in there. In terms of further discussing the on-track comment, we guided to approximately 2% of growth both on average for 2021 and 2022. And as you can see in numbers, Michael, right on track with that 2.2% last year in the U.S. So a little at 1% this year. That puts us right on the back of that 2%. I will remind you that there is a pretty significant headwind from the Sprint churn that is affecting the growth rate. And that does equal about 4% headwind going into this year. So that 1% would have been a lot closer to 5% if it hadn't been for [Technical Difficulty]. And then, the further guidance from 2023 out to 2027 is the -- is around 5% on a reported basis with about 2% adjusted for the Sprint churn kind of coming out of that. And we're well on track for that. We've got about two-thirds of that revenue growth already committed within the framework of our holistic agreement. And we're also seeing that in the co-location and amendment contributions from new biz in the U.S., so we are on track with that metric for this year. That is growth over last year. We do expect Q3 and Q4 to be at higher levels than what we had in Q1. So that's the acceleration we're seeing through this year, and we expect the levels as compared next year based on the way that our holistic deals are struck, the addition of DISH, as well as the acceleration of spend from the carrier.
Rod Smith: Yes, Simon. And I would just add to that, that's competence to undertake a couple of development projects on the data center side. So we have a few of them, two of them going on, that's driving slightly elevated CapEx investments in the data center business. So I think you've seen our numbers, we've got, upwards to 300 million, 320 million of CapEx, which is a little heavier than what we would normally expect to see. But we do have a couple of facilities where the demand goes strong, we've undertaken some additional development opportunities within the campus that that we operate. And then to, to address your question on Europe, we are seeing a little bit of a moderation in terms of the growth in Europe, our previous guidance was to have organic tenant billing growth for the full year to be greater than nine. And we've taken that back a touch to approximately 9%. And that's primarily driven because we do you see some leasing activity that we expected in the second half of 2022, to be pushed into 2023. So we do see a very strong market in Europe, particularly in Germany, with the addition of one on one coming in and the 5G, the initial deployment of 5G networks. And the way that the organic tenant billings Brookfield exit this year is going to be you know approaching 7% sort of SP exit run rate, which is I think is a really strong number for us. We couldn't be more happy with the timing of what we're seeing in Europe and the demand for our assets. Through the Telxius portfolio, we've picked up a lot of really urban centric assets, including a lot of roof tops, and we're finding that very desirable in terms of carrier activity going forward. And that's what's really driving the growth rates there. So it's really just the timing in Europe with the growth rates are really great.
Rod Smith: Yes. Good morning, Eric. Thanks for joining. So the term that we're seeing Latin America is primarily just telephonic in Mexico is next thing in, in the Brazil market, we have begun to experience the oil churn. So oil has consolidated with [Technical difficulty] the contract that we have with oil actually has six years remaining on average across those, they're on about 7500 bytes or so, and already makes up about 1% of our growth. We've got quite a long time here to kind of work through the term, the oil, the oil restructuring that's happening there. So that's something that you'll see through the next several years, maybe longer than they were certainly with the countries who are picking up those assets, to talk about maybe restructuring those contracts, figuring out the term count. But we are in a pretty good position with oil, because we do have a silver stick over six years left on the contract there. And then in terms of the bad debt, in terms of where we're seeing the bad activity in, really in India and a little bit in Africa, recently here is we've actually reduced our reserves by about $8 million or so in Q2. And we have a plan in the Outlook to further reduce that, for a total of about $20 million. So flexions in Q2 were really quite strong for us around the globe, but particularly in India, where we're happy to see that and based on all the discussions that we have had, indeed to have with our customers, we expect elections in India will remain with those expectations that are in our outlook, which would allow us to the full year to rebuild about $20 [Ph] million of fire bad debt reserves. We did reduce that, you'll see it in the presentation by about 10 million. And that's just based on the timing of reversing some of those reserves that we have moderated. But it's still good news for the year.
Rod Smith: Yes, maybe I'll take the first one, Tom, and then you can handle the second one. So the maintenance CapEx is about 20 million this year, for us in our data center business. We could take the sense of round about 3%, maybe 4% of the data center revenue. We don't see that changing at all. So that's actually I think about the main FX of the business.
Rod Smith: Yes, and David, with regard to your question on the on the data center spend, this year we do have CapEx in the plan of about $300 million, maybe a touch over was a couple of development projects, that really will not be recurring in May. So we're looking at about $200 million of historical annual investment projects, and total CapEx including the maintenance CapEx. And that's where we expect to stay going forward, that would allow us to keep ahead of kind of a net absorption, forward looking two years, we need to make sure that each of our facilities has a scalable megawatt capacity. And in order to do that, we expect to reinvest about that $200 million, give or take, which is what CoreSite had been doing historically. Maybe ours will be a touch higher, maybe they were closer to 150, between 150 and 200, we'll probably be closer to 200, or maybe a touch, a touch over. So we're not looking to compete on a national scale and the data center business. We really bought CoreSite because of the cloud centric network, dense nature, the inner nature of these assets and kind of the geographical spread throughout the U.S. in really good proximity to our tower sites with his facilities. And in LA, and Silicon Valley, Chicago, Denver, Boston, New York, Northern Virginia, we have, we've got a nice spread of these assets. And because of the high quality nature, that's what's giving us the, the nice growth rates, as I mentioned earlier, up and up in the 10% range, which is well above our underwriting expectations of between 6% and 8%. So we see really strong demand for these high quality. And we're looking to really take these assets, and potentially in the future, connect them to our sales, cloud on ramps and interconnection facility at the tower sites, that's the real significant upside. So with that said, we'll be reinvesting the CoreSite cash flow kind of back into keep ahead of that two years of absorption on the megawatt capacity. And then you may see us add a data center here or there throughout the West, but not a major change in capital allocation certainly.
Rod Smith: And Matt, good morning, thanks for joining the call. So regarding India, we are guiding to 2% to 3% Organic candidate billings growth. In India for the second quarter, we did see a higher number than that close to 4%, which was nice to see. That was driven by consistent sort of stable organic new business, we have the 2% escalator, of course. And then we did see a reduction in churn and Q2 from Q1 and certainly a further reduction from the prior year quarter. So when we go forward, one thing that I will highlight is in Q3, we do see a higher level of churn happening in Q3 compared to Q2. So don't be surprised if you see that organic tenant billings getting pulled back a little bit from the 4% to probably below 2%, maybe approaching 1%. That will be temporary and you'll see it come back up in Q4 up in the 3% range. So I think for now, we are constantly optimistic about India. There are still some churn events that we're working through, and we feel good about a 2% to 3% number for this year. And certainly, as we go forward, we hope to see and expect to see continued moderation on the churn line, solid new business activity that allow us to grow from that 2% to 3% organic billings growth. But of course, we'll address that in next February when we give guidance for 2023.
Rod Smith: Yes, I would say Richard we have a good line of sight into those. Certainly there are elements of that that are contracted, and the Telxius transaction that we did over in Europe, there are about 3000 sites that will build for Telefonica over time. There's also a building for Orange over time that are contracted. I don't want to put too firm numbers on there in terms of orange piece. When it comes to India, Africa and Latin America, it's more opportunistic. But we do have a really good run rate in terms of building sites. This year we'll build around 6500 towers, that's a little bit above where we were in the prior year. And we see that run rate is being sustainable going forward. And as of course, we highlight this often, those builds are some of our most attractive capital deployment opportunities. And we're seeing double digit NOI yields day one from those, those newly constructed sites around the globe. So we have a high level of confidence in that $40,000 to $50,000 number, some of its contracted, some of its more opportunistic but the pipeline is robust.
Rod Smith: Yes, I think we would, we would view them to be very similar to the rest of our towers, in be comparable to the market that they're in. Certainly the towers we build, we like to see that they are, multiple entities, of course, and we know that the growth in mobile data consumption around the globe, continues to run at a at a really solid clip in that 30% range or even higher in some markets. So certainly getting additional tenants on those sites is something that's really important that we do have a line of sight to see that. And we see with these new builds, we do see in the north of 20% NOI yields on most of these, most of the assets. Time will tell, but given the demand for tower sites, the critical nature of these power assets globally, and the fact that a lot of these emerging markets, as well as Europe are positioned to new technologies, either building out 4G networks, or in the case of Europe transitioning out of 5G is there's a need in the demand for more and more tasks. So that gives us the confidence that we will be able to attract additional tenants on these site.
Rod Smith: Yes, I think that's right. The way and we announced a $2.5 billion investment which is gives them a minority stake that'll be when their preferred investment is fully burdened, there'll be a 29%, owner of the data center business. And certainly if there's any capital requirements needed to fund our data center business, there will be a capital call to all investors, us and veteran [Ph] on a pro rata share. And then certainly if there's M&A opportunities that require capital calls, of course, again, it'll be the same situation we'll be up and funding that, that together.
Rod Smith: Yes. And then, relative to the capital allocation question, you've heard us say it many times, but the first priority, of course, is funding our dividend. And not only funding it, growing the dividend. So this year, we'll have a double-digit 12.5% growth rate on the dividend. And in the current environment that we're in, we certainly will be focused on delevering. It's no surprise to anyone on the call, I'm sure, that we are outside a little high of our target range of around 5x, below 5x. So we ended the quarter at about 5.8x. That's about 5.5x of the pro forma the investment from Stonepeak in. So we still have some delevering work to do, which we will be focused on. So we will be focused on organic growth, where we focused on driving 10% AFFO per share growth. We'll be focused on delevering. We'll be focused on our capex plans around the globe, funding the build to suits that can see very good returns on across all the markets that we're currently in. And then, to the extent that there are opportunities to buy back shares at attractive prices from time to time or fund additional M&A from time to time that's accretive and fits within our disciplined approach, we'll balance those to investment opportunities and make the choice that's best for our shareholders and drives the most AFFO per share growth.
