Tom Bartlett: Simon, having seen the trends from the carriers for many, many years. I mean, there's always volatility in their overall spend. It will largely be a function of device penetration and application development that will require the further densification that we believe in the – in their deployment as well. So it's not a kind of a one-for-one type of a – I think a relationship with our overall growth. And also keep in mind that with our agreements that we have in place, we have these broad comprehensive agreements which really locked in a lot of that revenue growth for us. And so 70%, 80% of our revenue growth, we have tremendous visibility into as a result of those master lease agreements. And I would expect the carriers, as I said, to be investing in their market that demand develops. And I would expect, given the benefits of 5G that each and every one of us are going to be using significantly more levels of spectrum, if you will, over time. So I said it's not a one-for-one. Our MLAs do give us that kind of visibility. And overtime, I would expect higher levels of CapEx being spent on 5G, just as we saw being 4G versus 3G.
Tom Bartlett: And I guess, Dave, just regards to your last question on Europe and the opportunistic buyback program that Rod talked to. First of all, with regards to our Celsius asset base and integration, we're really very pleased with what we've experienced over the last year. I mean you've seen the growth rates and the success that we've had there and the relationship that we've actually built with Telefonica. So that's all gone incredibly well. With regards to further scaling, we do have a sizable build-to-suit program that we are in the midst of, and we see even more a build-to-suit opportunity coming forward, I think particularly in Germany. With regards to further M&A, we stepped away really just due to the sellers' expectations of value. There's just a significant delta between the bid and the ask at this time. Now over time, that may change. There's just a lot of volatility economically or obviously, you will know around the world. And so there's just a significant amount of space between the bid and the ask. And so we've really stepped away from those. We're always asked to participate in them. And so you always see in the media that American Tower is doing this or that but -- and I know you well know that we're incredibly disciplined in terms of how we look at valuation. And given the terms and conditions of some of these transactions as well as the expectations of -- from a pricing perspective, we just don't see the value creation in those opportunities at this time. As I said, maybe that will change over time. I would hope over the next 12, 18 months, you might see some change there. But right now, not. And so we're going to continue to not to focus off the organic growth, working with our customers in the region. Drop in our build-to-suit program, which has been an incredibly terrific way for us to be able to grow inorganically within the business. As Rod said, at some very attractive yields. And really support our customers in the market and enjoy the growth that way.
Tom Bartlett: And Greg, with regards to M&A on the data center side, as we said all along, we are very focused on developing the US market. I mean CoreSite's got a terrific presence in the United States. And with our tower portfolio here in the United States, we want to be able to enjoy the benefits of the CoreSite activity, as I highlighted, and as Rod highlighted itself, but also really be able to bring together this overall notion that we have in terms of developing that edge capability that we'll be realizing out the sites themselves, at our tower sites themselves. And so when you're seeing all this, again, noise about buying data centers and things outside of the United States, that's not where we're looking. That's not where our focus is. And if you take a look at the capital that's being spent on the business because we do have a fair amount of development going on within the CoreSite, within the data center activity, it's largely driven just from the cash flow that the business is generating. So the $200 million to $300 million that that we're investing back into the data center business in terms of providing more capability going forward, not just in our OCX platform, but also in space itself is just being driven by the $300-plus million of AFFO that the business is generating itself. So US is our chessboard as we speak, relative to our data center activity.
Tom Bartlett: Michael, let me -- maybe I'll -- I can start with that, Rod. I mean that's kind of an open-ended question there. You have when you start to think about what's going on around the world. I think the backdrop here is still the technology, right? And the backdrop is still the demand for broadband wireless. We've seen it through several technology cycles, and that's really driving the ongoing capital that all of our customers are looking to commit over the next several years. And so that provides, I think, a real stable platform for growth. And as Rod kind of went through all the numbers, we're seeing that, right? And we're seeing 5G being deployed in more and more markets. We've seen the growth rates accelerate here in the United States. We expect that to continue into 2023. You've seen the strong growth coming from many of our other markets as well, particularly in Europe and Africa, really a lot of significant activity going on in the market.  You've also seen our customers aligning themselves more closely with us. These longer-term strategic master lease agreements that we put in place, the one that we've talked about with Verizon, the other one that we've talked about with Airtel. I mean these are long-term contracts with well-capitalized companies. There are still spot of churn that we have going on in the market. A lot of activity in Latin America with some consolidation, particularly in Brazil and Mexico that Rod kind of walked through. And so we'll see a heightened level of churn in Latin America over the next 12 months to 18 months. We've seen some consolidation going on in Africa. But then again, we've been able to really largely work through all of that churn and still sizably increase the growth in each one of those markets. So I don't see any seismic shifts, if you will, over the next 12 months to 18 months. Yeah, we are in a rising interest rate environment. We're in an inflationary time around the world. The good news is that, we have long-term contracts and those very high inflationary markets. We've got escalators based on CPI and inflation in those areas. The other element, I think, within our business is we're well diversified. And so while we're perhaps taking a market that might be growing slower in another market, we'll be increasing the growth. And so it's offsetting some of the shortfall that you might see in other markets. I mean, we've talked about this in the past. It our carriers invest kind of like a sine wave, right? I mean, it's heavy investment and then they – it's less investment as they're tuning their network and then it's a higher investment. We continue to see that. We've seen that through 1G, 2G, 3G, 4G, and we'll see that through 5G. Our customers aren't going to be building the networks before they see the demand. And so that's going to be a function of device penetration is going to be a sign of application development. I mean, I talked about the two phases. You well know this, in terms of network deployment, first getting the coverage and then we're going to see further densification and sales splitting as their customers are utilizing the network. And with higher band spectrum, we're going to see an even increased level of densification just because of the propagation characteristics of the bands. So I do think that kind of a long rambling answer for you, perhaps. But I mean, the core is the underlying technology and the desire for our customers and their countries themselves and their citizens to really be able to significantly increase their overall usage in wireless data. And so as a result, that provides, I think, a real kind of protection for us particularly when we're looking at these long-term agreements.
Tom Bartlett: Well, yes, I mean, Ric, absolutely. And as I mentioned with Simon, given kind of the MLA structure we have in place, it's kind of irrelevant in terms of that capital spend from our perspective, right? I mean because we already have the kind of the rates and the pricing kind of locked in for a long-term period. Now having said that, when I back up, I also believe that, that capital is going to be spent over time. And that could be a timing issue as well. It's all a function of customer demand and application development and device penetration. And so when you have those all locked in, you're going to see our customers physically spending on their networks because they have to. They're not going to want to see any decline in quality of service. And so they're going to want to meet this demand and stay ahead of the curve as they traditionally have. And so -- but from an AMP perspective, you're exactly right, timing is not that relevant to us just because of the construct of the agreements that we have in place.
Tom Bartlett: Well, I mean, from our standpoint, and then I'll let kind of Rod step in here. We continue to look at the opportunities to delever as well as to look at supporting our equity. And given the movements candidly in the equity I think that there's some opportunities there to be able to generate some value. And so it will be a balance between the two. We talked about M&A and M&A kind of given the delta between the bid may ask kind of around the world. I think that's less focus, candidly, at this point in time. And so we'll look at our NAV and we'll look at it versus our share price. And well, as we always have, look at the kind of the most attractive ways of being able to drive AFFO per share.
Tom Bartlett: And Matt, on the second question, relative to the impact of what's going on around the world, on our customers outside of the United States. Interestingly enough, we haven't seen anything of significance that would give me the sense that they're going to be slowing down on their build programs around the world. Now who knows what that might look like going into 2023 and 2024. But they have the same level of energy that we've seen over the last 12 to 18 months. Now we are also protected just because of the diversification of markets and diversification of customers. And so as a result of that, we are actually able to avert a particular issue in one area or another. And also keep in mind, as I mentioned in my remarks that our customers have spent almost $160 billion on spectrum. And so they don't -- they want to monetize that $160 billion and be able to get out into the market as fast as they possibly can. So we are seeing, as I said, the continued robust deployment of capital in the markets. And we continue to support them. And we see also -- again, a lot of build to suit activity in the market as well, which is also an indication of their willingness and ability to spend.
Rod Smith: Yes, that sounds good. Good morning, David. Thanks for the question. I hope you're doing well. So regarding India and Vodafone and kind of their current situation, their desire to renegotiate some MLAs, I don't want to get into too many of the terms and conditions, certainly not want to talk about things that haven't happened yet in the future. But, I can tell you, they are in a predicament with their balance sheet, which everyone knows about, there's been a lot of press regarding that. So they're looking for a number of things from us in terms of supporting them. Discounts may be one of them, we'll certainly talk about that with them kind of over time. But I don't want to get into the details in terms of what we may or may not be willing to do. If we were to provide any kind of a disc that just run through our churn numbers and would be in our guidance. I don't expect any changes through our organic net billings guidance for this year negotiation or renegotiation with Voda. So -- and if anything changes next year, we'll update you for next year. I guess shifting, David, to the note, we did convert 200 -- or we have the option to convert $200 million of our existing accounts receivable, this is not a new investment, into Voda. I want to make sure that, that's clear. But existing accounts receivable that's on the balance sheet, we have signed an agreement where this $200 million could become a convertible note, but that is contingent on some conditions happening in India, both the government converting their near-term interest into -- I think, everyone is aware of that playing out. So that have to happen first. And if that does happen, then we could convert $200 million of our existing accounts receivable into a convertible note. The reason that's interesting to us, number one, is it helps shore up Voda a little bit. It basically moved the account receivable and, let's say, an MLA default into more of a financial interest and it helps them get some equity and maybe some additional debt on their book. So we want to support them and help them through this difficult time. So that certainly is one reason. The other thing, having this note, it does have predefined payment time frame in it, which is a little bit more certain than what you might see in typical accounts receivable that's hanging on the balance. And then we also have the option, at our option, to convert it to equity, which is another way for us to liquidate that favorable balance. So I think it increases our flexibility. It increases the probability in the near-term to convert it to cash, and that's really the reason we're interested in doing it. So -- and it helps Voda. So all those things, we did really looked at it and it makes a lot of sense for us, and I think it makes sense in terms of our willingness to support them.
Rod Smith: Yes, thanks. Thanks, Greg, for the question. So the straight line increases that you see in our in our outlook here, we have an increase of straight line of about $65 million built into our property revenue guide. That's really split between the new Verizon deal as well as the deal over in in Africa with Airtel Africa. I don't want to break down that in too much detail and give you the piece parts, but it's really those two deals that make up.
Rod Smith: Yeah. I think -- I mean, I think you should think about 2023 as a challenging year for us. I think everyone knows the interest rates are rising rapidly here, probably more rapidly than most people expected as we head into the end of this year. That is a noticeable material headwind for us in the AFFO line heading into -- so that will be a challenge. That certainly will take us off of our target AFFO growth. I don't want to get into too many specifics. But I think you guys have probably enough information to kind of work the numbers. And when you look at the rate of increase on interest line for us with the interest rates rising that will be a challenge. When we get -- the other challenge for next year is the timing of equity raise, we'll have the full new equity to 10 million shares kind of running in the numbers next year with the early in half of this year. So the comp is a difficult comp from that perspective. I do think when you get out to '24 and beyond, we are seeing really good support for leasing revenue in around the globe. Particularly in the US, you've heard us say we're acceleration of new business from co-location and amendment activity. That acceleration continues. We expect to end this year very strongly coming in very close to that $150 million of co-location new business in the US.  And we're seeing that accelerate into next year on a run rate basis, which is also underpinned by our long-term MLAs. So, we have really high visibility into next year. So we expect to see a meaningful step-up in US co-location and amendment revenue into next year. And that puts us firmly on-track for our long term and particularly to the US organic growth averaging 5% from '23 out to '27.  And that includes some impact from the -- which is about 100 basis points. So without that, you'd be at about 6%. We're firmly on track for that beginning next year and going forward because of that nice acceleration, that strong demand we're seeing in the US.
Rod Smith: Yes. And Michael, I'll just add, in terms of the churn, the near-term, one thing that you will see is our churn rates are actually coming down from Q3 to Q4. So globally, we – in our 2.6% Q3 organic tenant billings growth, it was about $5.5% -- 5.4% that was cancellations or churn. That's going to step down to about 4% in Q4, which will end up driving our organic tenant billings growth for Q4, up from that mid-2s up to over – well over 4, certainly, which is really good. And that 4.4 in Q4 is what helps us drive that 3% for the full year. And in the US, you're seeing that churn drop in the US. So the good news here is, we're through the big bulk, the initial bulk of Sprint churn, you're going to see organic tenant billings growth for Q4 in the US at around 4%, which will be getting us back to where we really want to be longer term. And then in the international markets, we do have some, as Thomas saying some churn events, some elevated churn. Those churn events will be temporary as certain countries go through a little consolidation. But you will see from Q3 to -- from Q3 to Q4, churn will step up by about 100 basis points, going from about a little under 5% to up end of the 5 churn in the international markets. And the only thing I'd call out specifically is in Latin America, you will see -- that's where a bulk of that temporary churn will begin to hit. So you will see a step up in our churn rates in Latin America going from about 5% in Q3, up to a little over 8% in Q4. And that's all the normal churn that that we've all talked about that you guys know is coming. Some of that will persist into next year as well, particularly in Latin America.
Rod Smith: Yes. And Rick, maybe I would add to that, just from a leverage standpoint, we ended the quarter here at 5.5 times levered post this -- the CoreSite acquisition, we were as high as 6.8. So I'll just remind you and everyone else we have. We did start out higher than our target leverage range, which is 3 to 5 times. We work through plans with the rating agencies to delever -- our investment-grade credit rating. That is critical to us. That's very important. We take leverage very seriously. That's why we've been able to delever as quickly as we have, going down from that 6.8 to 5.5. I'd also tell you that the 5.5 is -- we're comfortably lower than the delevering plan that we've agreed with the rating agency. So that puts us in a pretty good position. The plans that we've agreed with the rating agencies did not contemplate or include the $570 million. So that additional capacity that we have to either further delever well, well ahead of the delevering plan, or we can put it to use in a different way. So that's what we'll be looking at. When you think about the $570 million from Stonepeak, that is in our guidance in terms of the mechanics and the way it runs through our numbers. But it's important to point out that it is a benefit when it comes to our ability to delever. And then, of course, when we think about what we do with that capacity or any other capital capacity that we have available to us, we'll always put a share buyback up against our own internally generated net asset value of the company and what we look at in terms of the share value. We're also balancing the analysis around the cost of debt and how we drive better AFFO per share accretion, either paying down our revolving credit lines or buying back shares. So there's a lot of math, as you know, that goes into that. So we expect to be flexible and opportunistic as we evaluate what we do with our capital. And I do think that you could see us do both, continue to delever at a furious pace as well as buy back some shares when we think that's appropriate.
Rod Smith: Yes. So we took in another $570 million from Stonepeak as an additional investment into our CoreSite business. So the original investment of $2.5 billion gave them basically a current ownership of about 22%, almost 23% of the business there. And then with their additional $570 million, that's going to pop up to about 28% to 29% ownership. And that is for the pieces of those investments that are actually equity from day one. You may recall from some of our disclosures, there are some pieces of those investments that are preferred, which will convert to equity their mandatory converts over a full year period. So they will convert to equity. When that happens, then their ownership will jump up from the 28% to 29% up to about 36%. The way to think about the MI impacts here, when you get to Q4 -- hit the run rate, you're going to see about $150 million of Q4 exit run rate for the European minority then, and you'll see about $60 million or so for the Stonepeak minority interest. That will all run through the minority interest section. On these preferred notes that we have with Stonepeak, you'll see another $45 million that will be interest that will run through the interest line, but you want to keep that in mind as well. So that puts us at a run rate of about a little over $200 million of MI as we exit Q4, $200 million, $210 million.
Rod Smith: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Tom. Richard, I think when you talk about Latin America, we are expecting higher levels of churn, but pretty consistent levels of that gross new biz. And we're also complementing that with higher levels of escalator, which are driven by local CPI in the region. So those two things are pretty solid. We'll see where inflation goes and how the trajectory of our escalator in that region may change over time. But there is solid consistent new activity in Latin America despite the fact that there is a little consolidation churn happening in some of the markets there. And then when it comes to services, we're in another great year in services we're going to be up in the mid $200 million, we raised our guidance at the gross margin level by about $20 million. So we are going to be in that mid $200 million range for services revenue. That continues to come through at really nice margins in the mid-50s, 54%, 55% at the gross margin level. So our services business is performing exceptionally well and has proven to be very resilient. And that is because the US carriers continue to be very active. I'm not going to guess in terms of where it's going to go in coming years. But to the extent that the activity levels stay high, we'll continue to see really solid high services. Well, there's a chance I could pull back as the timing of activity from the carriers kind of ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter. So we'll see what happens next. But we're going to be up in the mid-200s this year in services. All the carriers are active, and we're maintaining really healthy margins in the mid-50s.
