Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys. Thank you for taking the question. Just two if I could. First on the U.S., if you can give us any additional color on what you are seeing in your discussions with the new T-Mobile, whether this delay is really timing-related or have there been any changes in terms of spending plan on them relative to earlier expectations?  And then just secondly, on the ATM program, can you help us think about the investment opportunities you are evaluating and the decision to use equity as a percent of means of funding this relative to the debt you’ve traditionally used given where your leverage is today? Thanks. 
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you. And just to follow-up on the U.S. activity, can you provide an update on how you think about the potential decommissioning that T-Mobile can do? I think the Sprint sides are – upward maybe next year.  And second question on LATAM. How do you think about the growth going forward given that the macro environment is weaker and with the potential acquisition of other carriers could potentially create some churn activity. Yes. I would like to see your thoughts on how you think that could impact your growth over the next few years. Thank you. 
Unidentified Analyst: On the T-Mobile decommissioning activity that could start potentially next year? ... with last year. So we think that, that's a good...
Tom Bartlett: Hey Matt. How are you? This is Tom. On the T-Mobile side, based upon everything that I think they said publicly, I think it’s fair to say that it really is just timing. And they are working through all their plans. They closed their deal in April then settled their transaction with DISH, not that long ago. So, we believe it clearly is timing. And are looking forward to really supporting them as they continue to really build out their network even further.  On the ATM side, it’s good plumbing. It really is just having more flexibility. It’s not a significant number clearly, compared to general ATM programs as part of market cap. So it really is just kind of good plumbing to have a flexibility of having access to a number of different sources of capital. 
Tom Bartlett: Yes. No. You are right. I mean, those – a vast majority of those sites come up for renewal towards the end of next year.  We believe they are obviously well positioned sites and we will likely try to mitigate as much of that churn potential as possible and hopeful that between the new build it’s going on in the marketplace as well as, DISH's expectations for building out, they will be successful in terms of mitigating that. But that’s all part of the lot of the negotiations and discussions that are going on as we speak. 
Tom Bartlett: Yes. I mean, Jon, first on Brazil, just kind of getting a little bit deeper into the market, it’s a market that we expect the wireless CapEx is going to be in the $3 billion to $4 billion range. So, obviously, very, very strong, a high growth market for us. The CapEx percent of carrier revenue is to be around 25%, which is actually a bit higher than we’ve seen in prior years consistent with last year.  So we think that that’s a good sign. Their margins are in the 40%. So the carriers themselves, I think are quite well capitalized and very focused on building out their 4G overall initiatives. The local CPI is actually been down over the last several years, so was our escalators in concert with it. And that’s being really reflected in some of the 2020 escalator that we are seeing this year.  But Vivo, Tim, America Movil, including Nextel, in that transaction is relatively insignificant relative to our overall growth rates. And we are seeing organic tenant billings growth of over 8% in Q2, churn was in the kind of the mid 1% to 1.7% for the year. And we expect for the year overall, billings growth is 7%. So, we are bullish on the marketplace. We think we are well positioned.  We have really solid relationships with what we expect to be kind of the three main players in the marketplace. And as I mentioned before, we believe that the networks are overburdened. They have roughly 3000 to 4000 sims for sell-side. It’s really twice what we are seeing in the U.S. So, the teams are excited or bullish. We are building out sites. We have a lot of interesting things, I think, going on with the various carriers. And so, we are excited about what we expect in the marketplace.  On the India side, again, if you take a look at the kind of the total growth that we’ve seen in the market, and again it’s double-digits on a total gross basis. Carrier spending continues to be strong, building out their networks. They continue to make the network investments to support the overall usage demands. I mean, I think I mentioned in some of my comments that, we really remain optimistic about the market.  The structure is now much more rational. There is price competition and wireless has actually stabilized and the regulatory environment is very, very constructive. There is a significant appetite for mobile data from a customer perspective. They are using over 10 gig per month and that was even before the COVID-19 impact.  So, as well as they are still using the significant legacy technologies, 2G technologies, rather than even 4G. So we think is that the network continues to get equipped as the government continues to expand its overall Digital India strategy that there is going to be a significant amount of further densification and network investment going on in the marketplace. 
Tom Bartlett: No. I mean, they have been very interested. I mean, very, very steady in terms of their build out. You’ve heard them kind of tweak what they expect their overall CapEx expectations are probably for the year. But for us, we’ve been very consistent. We are expecting to be so. 
Tom Bartlett: I think that the fact that we are seeing another – number of hyperscalers investing in India is a very good thing. There are significant investments being made into the networks. They see the same things that we do in terms of the kind of the digital transformation that’s going on in the marketplace and they are bringing many more applications and products to the consumers to those particular markets.  And given that the wire line penetration is very, very low in that market, as well as most of the markets that we are in outside of the United States. We think that then most of that traffic to be able to utilize those applications is going to go over those wireless networks and clearly the carriers are going to want to invest in their networks to be able to support it.  It’s no different than what we’ve seen here in the United States. And so, I think it’s a very good sign candidly. And I would hope that we would continue to see more of that kind of activity being in – occurring in the markets outside where we have a presence. 
Tom Bartlett: Well, I mean, the underlying premise clearly is that, we believe the cloud is moving to the edge and we see this. There are a number of factors that are supporting it, whether if you are looking at CRAN, you are looking at what’s going on with cloud infrastructure and with the deployment of 5G, we think that enterprise customers are going to be looking for low latency access as well as cloud, kinds of capabilities out of the edge. And so, we remain very bullish on the whole opportunity.  We do have a number of trial sites. I think we have five or six trial sites down in the Southeast and actually out in west. And the way we are looking at it really is that, at this point in time, there are really kind of a couple of distinct trends that we are paying attention to. First of all, on the distributed compute and then more broadly on the mobilized computing where we think that the TAM is going to be significantly higher and that we will be able to create some scale.  And we've talked about the distributed compute, which is really where we are focused right now with regards to a number of our kind of trial sites. And that’s where enterprise workloads moving to the public cloud and there is a growing near-term market segment use for on and off for private cloud computing in somewhat of a hybrid solution.  And so, when in many of the sites that we have, we have 50 kilowatts of power and we are providing kind of local compute capability for mid and smaller sized enterprises. And so, it’s an interesting market segment. I don’t think it’s actually being serviced, particularly well today. But clearly, that’s not the big opportunity that we see going forward.  The big opportunity is clearly on the mobile edge compute. And it’s one where we think that we are actually going to be able to further scale. But we are really just in the early innings of it. But the concept of the strategy is that we expect we’ll be able to build a neutral host, multi-operator, multi-cloud datacenter in several thousand of our sites that we have across the country.  And we do have a meet-me room/data center in Atlanta, which is, as I said tied to a major datacenter down in the marketplace. And so, we are tracking in the opportunity and what it will mean to be able to really develop this type of a strategy. We realize that we don’t have lots of the skill sets that are going to be required to really scale this.  And so, like our other kind of innovative initiatives, very potentially we’ll look to partner to be able to gain access to those kinds of skill sets and capabilities, distribution, software engineers, those types of things to really be able to scale and grow the opportunity. So, early innings as I said, but we remain quite bullish on the overall opportunity. 
Tom Bartlett: Ric, it will come down to math. Right, it’s really a TBD type of an event. We expect really based upon what T-Mobile has said is that, they are going to need thousands of sites over and above what they are expecting right now after the decommissioning, right? And so, there could be an opportunity for those sites. There could be an opportunity for those sites in the hands of somebody else.  And so, it’s a bit of three dimensional chess right now in terms of what these transactions with all of our customers and potential customers. I would expect that there will be churn of some sort. I don’t know it will be all at once or over an extended period of time. But we believe that longer-term, there are clearly going to be a number of offsets and if you just take a look at the wireless growth that we are seeing in the marketplace.  And what we’d expect and the amount of capital that all these carriers are looking to spend and the fact that this is going to be coming into the full there, we would expect solid growth going forward. But, so it’s really a TBD at this point. I would want to give you a sense of that anything is certain, or anything is put in concrete we continue to work all those items with our customers. 
Tom Bartlett: Well, I mean, they also have network requirements that they need to adhere to. And I think that the 2023 I think is the first commitment that they’ve made. So, I would expect to see them hit market in 2021. I think that's a better question for T-Mobile. I mean, I think it is a good sign. They brought in Dave Mayo. I think he'll do a terrific job there. And time will tell in terms of what it looks like.  But we are there to service them and support them in any way that they feel necessary and we think that we've got a portfolio of assets that really can be helpful to them. And I think they appreciate that as well. So, but I would expect that we’ll start to see them towards the end of this year into 2021. They are not in our forecast.  They are not in our guidance until we really have a more formal arrangement with them and understand what their demands are going to be, we won’t put them into our forecast. 
Tom Bartlett: Yes, I mean, it’s interest. It’s maintenance CapEx. It’s cash access. It’s kind of the typical group of items below EBITDA that impact AFFO that we are seeing some positive benefits from. 
Tom Bartlett: We continue to be very positive on the indoor spot, our indoor space. We think that the unlicensed here access spectrum in the U.S. that’s a potential to really transform, if you will the overall indoor connectivity landscape. It improves the overall TAM clearly, and it reduces the overall total ownership cost. And so, we are very positive - we have the number of trials going on, Ric, as we’ve talked about in the past.  But again, it’s early innings right now in terms of what that opportunity is. We have 400 DAS locations, if you will, around the country with a TAM of probably a couple thousand. But we think that given the cost components of being able to open up, feed the network, exactly TAMs would increase ten-fold.  And so, what we are seeing, what that looks like, we are taking a look at what those relationships are going to look like then with the landlords across the country. But we are energized by what we think we might be able to – and how we might be able to position ourselves. 
Tom Bartlett: Yes. Sure, Dave. I think on the CPI side, the escalator, I think in the quarter was roughly 3.7% and that really, again the way they work, it works off with the 2019 kind of the inflation number is which drive what the escalator would be. So our escalator is down. And if you think about, even looking at Brazil for example, the growth rates in Brazil, my sense, we are up in the kind of even the 10% range in the last couple of years if I recall.  And we are now down in kind of that 7%, 8% range. And so, it has a significant impact, if you will kind of going forward. And as you know it’s very volatile on a year-to-year basis, but it can impact the overall organic growth rate by a couple 100 basis points one way or another.  With regards to Mexico, a fair question in terms of Telefonica and their interest in the marketplace. We have a terrific relationship with AT&T in the market and we are working closely with both Telefonica and AT&T right now on that transition and what that might look like over the next several years. And so, it’s a TBD. We are in the middle of it. And as I said, I think we are really well positioned to be able to support both our customers as they transition their network. 
Tom Bartlett: Yes. It’s very interesting. I mean, I do think the whole O-RAN opportunity which we’ve seen in other markets, by the way, we’ve seen in other parts of the world is definitely starting to take hold here in the United States and ultimately we could see even the large carriers looking to take certain segments of their spectrum, certain segments of their technology and really opening it up. It kind of ties to my thoughts before in terms of kind of that cloud even becoming closer and closer to the edge.  Now, keep in mind that, that’s kind of what happens behind the curtain. So, that’s happening back on the RAN side away from the impact on the towercos. So, my intent is that any opportunity for the carriers, wireless carriers and potential new players in the marketplace to be able to bring down their total cost of ownership will then allow them to have more capital available to spend on the RAN, which is really where we come in, right?  And so, we don’t expect any of the kind of the O-RAN implications to impact at all what’s happening from the site out to the device. And as I said, it’s in fact the total cost of ownership comes down as a result of the kind of the open nature of the infrastructure that might allow more capital to be able to spent on where we come in, which is from the tower out to the device.  And so, we are cautiously optimistic on the opportunity for O-RAN in the United State, as well as many of our international markets. 
Tom Bartlett: It all comes down to band, it all comes down to densification. We don’t see any change. I mean, the economics are still clearly that the macro tower can be able to support much more efficiently their customer base.  Now there are going to be certain locations, there may be certain technologies, certain band that can be better utilized and supportive at a small cell than in those dense urban markets. But we don’t see it any different right now. Those dense urban markets, the New York City kind of things, just because of interference, talking about high bands, just like what Verizon is doing today.  So, I don’t expect really any change to that. It’s going to be a function of band. It’s going to be a function of the densification of the markets that they are trying to serve, really the topography of what they are trying to serve. But we don’t see any change at all and they use the small cells versus macro. 
Tom Bartlett: Yes, So, Colby, let me try to address a couple and Rod can add a few comments as well. On the whole, Vodafone India situation, I mean, I don’t want to get into specifics there. I think if you step back and if you take a look at where the government is, I mean the government has definitely advocated for having three strong players in the marketplace.  They are currently working through as the other carriers are with the Supreme Court in terms of where that final AGR issue is going to land. We are hopeful that there will be some resolution to this even over the next 30 to 45 days or so. There is a hearing I think in mid-August for the carriers that are no longer and providing service.  But we hope that that will provide some guidance for how the payments – the extended payments will be made – have to be made by the carriers themselves. I mean, they’ve made some sizable good base installments, as best I can tell in terms of what is owed in the marketplace. And they are aggressively trying to restructure to save cost and compete in the marketplace. And so, yes, I mean, there is some slow paying going on in the marketplace. We are working very closely with them as we would be working with any customer who is going through a similar situation. So more to come. You saw what some of our expectations were relative to how we looked at outlook for the balance of the year. But kind of given the direction of the government, given what we are seeing in the marketplace, again we remain optimistic and cautiously optimistic about their ability to continue and to grow.  I am sorry, Colby your question on the U.S. side was, the exit rate. It will largely be a – candidly a function of the kind of growth that we are going to be seeing later in the year by the various carriers in terms of their overall investments in their network. You heard Rod talked about that we are talking about an overall growth rate based upon what we are seeing right now and kind of that 4.5-ish range. So, it’s down a little bit, again, largely tied – almost exclusively tied to the timing of T-Mobile. So, we are optimistic that T-Mobile will pickup pace and we’ll see that increase in activity. And I think that will bode well foregoing into 2021. And the whole notion of the churn relative to Sprint, as we talked about before, that's a TBD in terms of where does the math sets aligned for us and where can we best service our customers in terms of whether that will be over an extended period of time or whether that would be taken more upfront. So, more to come on that one. 
Rod Smith: I am sorry, Matt. Yes, let me just add a couple of points on the U.S. growth. Number one is, everyone kind of saw the slowdown from T-Mobile as the sorts of middle to third quarter of last year.  Now that we are almost lapping that slowdown and that’s where the further way from the beginning of that slowdown, the bigger impact that it has on the organic tenant billings growth deceleration. So, the fact that they haven’t started up yet is, what’s causing us to reduce our outlook from about 5% down to about 4.5%.  And the other expectations in the U.S. industry remain the same. So, we haven’t seen any changes in our expectations relative to the other carriers or anything else going on in the U.S. it really is isolated to the new T-Mobile and the timing of when they begin to spend. 
Rod Smith: And Batia [Ph] I will just a couple of comments on the Sprint T-Mobile, maybe I put the merger kind of in context with the U.S. market. So, you know, that the U.S. is experiencing kind of exploding growth in mobile data, about 30% a year increases. We’ve seen accelerating deployments for 5G kind of heading our way that the number of new spectrums heading into the market that will have to be built out.  The carriers continue to invest heavily in 4G as they focus on their customer experience and strengthen their networks to handle the growing data demand. So all that is, really constructive in terms of what’s happening in the U.S. landscape. When you look at T-Mobile in particular, they have come with pretty significant build-out requirements.  So they said that they are going to spend $40 billion over the first three years, build an additional 10 to 15 sites, particularly in some of the rural areas where they are expected to cover 97% of the population on low-band spectrum of about 75%, on mid-band spectrum within three years. So, they’ve got an awful lot of work to do. They are certainly going to be deploying capital.  So we continue to believe that it’s in their best interest and good for our shareholders, as well to the extent that we can enter into an arrangement where they can have quick access to our site and potentially renegotiating the way some of the churn happens over time. So to spread that potential churn, which is we continue to believe it’s in the range of 3% to 4% of our overall property revenue.  That’s the overlap piece. And we continue to expect that could be spread out over time and we could give T-Mobile easy quick access to our sites through a holistic deal which will help them deploy their network. 
Rod Smith: And Ric, I’ll just give you a couple of numbers there to back up what Tom was saying about the AFFO. So, the $45 million offsets are broken down with $10 million on lower maintenance CapEx. $25 million in lower net cash interest and $10 million in lower cash taxes. 
Rod Smith: And Colby, maybe I’ll just add a couple of comments on the accounts receivable issue. Not specific to Vodafone, but Tom covered that up. But just to put it into context, Q1 rolling into Q2, our accounts receivable has been very stable. So we didn’t see any increase in our overall accounts receivable across the globe. Our DSO numbers are still in the mid to upper 30s. That’s consistent Q2 over Q1.  So we’ve been very pleased that not only in India, but also in terms of the COVID-19 impacts around the globe, we’ve had very stable accounts receivable balances from Q1 to Q2 where our net receivables on the books at the end of Q1 was about $620 million. It's actually about $585 million at the end of Q2. With that said, you will see in our numbers that we took a bad debt reserve charge in Q2 of about $25 million.  And then, we also built into the back half of the forecast an additional $75 million. Those are both reserves at this point. So, we do expect that much of that will be collected. It just may – it may take us a little bit longer. So, we are trying to be cautious for the back half of the year. I’d also let you know that we have the balances in our accounts receivable ledger that are over 90 days are 100% reserves coming out of Q2.  So, again, we look that as a pretty comfortable position. Maybe it’s conservative position. Their reserves are not actually bad debt write-offs yet. So we do expect to collect a lot of that. It’s just a matter of when. And of course, Vodafone is tied to AGR and we'll see how that gets resolved here soon. 
