Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, sure, Ric. I mean, of the $17 million, $15 million of that was straight line. So $2 million was from cash, and then there's an additional $5 million broken into 2 pieces. We had an -- some additional straight line in one of our international markets of a few, and a couple million dollar lower straight-line impact, if you will, from land in the United States. So that's how you got in the...
Thomas A. Bartlett: Well, as you know, I mean, our maintenance in corporate CapEx has historically been highly correlated to our tower base, which is what you would expect. And historically, it's been in that kind of $1,300 to $1,500 per tower per year. This year, the rate is just about $2,000, just under $2,000, given those onetime CapEx spends in the field and on our systems. I'd -- I would expect, Ric, that rate to approach back to those more normal levels, say, over the next 18 months or so. I mean, as I mentioned, we have some of the U.S. spend is continuing in the -- into the first half of 2013. We still have some additional spending that we're doing in -- on some of the NOCs, in particular in Colombia and down -- and over in Ghana. So I guess what I'm saying I think over this -- to the second half of next year, you'd see it start to come back to more and more normal levels as we've seen in the past. But we contemplated all the capital that we're currently spending now in all of our models, and it just happens to come through and impact AFFO. So for the year, we're still expecting reported over 13% growth, and on a core basis, over 17%.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, and that's exactly right. I mean, in the U.S., we're $1,500 probably to $1,700, and in the international markets, in the $1,000 to $1,200 kind of range and depending upon the market.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Well, that was -- the numbers that we've talked about there, it's roughly $25 million. That was for the whole year. So there'll be continued spending in the fourth quarter, Phil, as we continue to pass it out, and probably about $7 million of that will be spent in Q4.
Thomas A. Bartlett: And the balance, the other element of it, which was the up to the $13 million, a good piece of that will be spent in the fourth quarter and continue up to -- in the first half of the year. And that's why I mentioned the additional $10 million that will be spent in the U.S. on some of the network operations spending in the first half of 2013.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes. No, first, Jon, on the international side, that's exactly right. We would expect that spending to decline clearly in 2013. It was largely as we stated, the kind of onetime start-up CapEx as we brought those sites into our portfolio. And with regards to the dividend, and as we mentioned, it's obviously subject to board declaration. We would expect fairly steady growth over the 5-year period.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Okay. No, sure, Simon. On the profitability, we've talked about this a bit in the past. I would absolutely expect that gap to become smaller over time. There's no reason to expect that it wouldn't. I mean, the tenancy on international markets is about 1.5 tenants per tower versus our U.S. market, which is up in the 2.7. So as we continue to see demand in those markets and additional lease-up in those markets, we should absolutely expect to see increased profitability to getting closer to the U.S. levels. And with regards to the pass-through, as we continue to bring these towers into our portfolio in the international markets, we've estimated when we're actually going to be taking them over and being able to manage them. And so we would expect that pass-through, those towers to be coming over into our portfolio and us to manage them over the next 3 to 6 months. So that pass-through, we should absolutely see going forward.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Sure. Jim, let me give you a couple. First of all, on the onetimer, that's exactly right. In our core growth, which we expect to -- as I said before, to be north of 17%, it's really made up of kind of 4 elements of it. First of all, there is some FX impacts in there, which is roughly about 3.5% of growth. There are -- is this spending that I've talked about, which is the onetime capital spending in those 3 markets, and that's about 2.5%. And there's the refund, which we backed out, which is what you've talked about before, and some onetime items, which we've also backed out. So we look at core AFFO the same really way that we're looking at core EBITDA or core revenue, in that we are reflecting the taking out, in essence, the impacts of FX, the additional spending, as well as those onetime items, which you talked about before. On a -- on the net leverage perspective, you're right. I mean, we do expect some activity. We did -- as I mentioned in my remarks, there's a couple of hundred million dollars that would -- that we would expect to close an additional 500, 700 sites in the fourth quarter. We did talk about the increase in our buyback program, which we would expect in the last couple of months of the year. So our pipeline remains robust around the world, in the U.S., as well as in our international markets. And what we have in the guidance right now, in terms of the remarks we had, is what we contractually have committed to be able to close by the end of the year, which will yield, as I mentioned before, well north of the kind of the 51,000 sites, which we would expect by the end of the year.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Batya, that's exactly right. I mean, if we take a look at international, the range over last couple of years has been 200 to 300 basis points higher than the U.S. It reflects the growth in those markets and lower tenancy. In Q3, as you said, we generated an 8.4% growth rate, expect double digits for the full year. And the rate is being impacted by some of the different pass-through, if you will, on our legacy sites. So as I said, we would expect that to continue -- that growth to kind of continue into next year, particularly as we see those lower tenancy sites start to pick up additional leasing activity.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Well, I mean, I would expect that in 2013 to start to back -- get back up to approach the more normal levels. This particular quarter, we had the impact of -- kind of that initial impact, if you will, of bringing Uganda into the portfolio. So we should start to then see that come back up.
Thomas A. Bartlett: And on the buyback, Jason, we've, I think, year-to-date are in the kind of that $15 million to $20 million range. I would expect that clearly to double, if you will, before the end of the year. So we put, as you all know, 10b-5 programs in place, and it's a function of where the stock price is at a given point in time. But I think there'll be a meaningful growth in that and the balance of the year.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Okay. Well, I think that concludes our call. Again, as Jim said, we hope that all your families are well and that you've all -- are making it through the hurricane that's affected us on the east coast, and we wish you well. Thanks again for all of your interest here.
James D. Taiclet: Phil, it's Jim. We expect for the next couple of years that, again, the majority in the U.S. of network development by the major carriers is going to be in the form of amendments, by and large. In the 3- to 5-year timeframe, it's going to move back towards more of a 50-50 split for what we see amendments versus new leases. And that will be when the co-locations really materially start to kick in. So there are obviously time differences here. Verizon's got sort of an earlier start in some markets than, say, a T-Mobile. So you'll see this migration probably begin to happen late next year into 2014. But I think it really becomes significant in 2015 and beyond.
James D. Taiclet: Sure, Steve. It's Jim. I'll go and take both of them here. Year-to-year, the pipeline, I would say, is roughly the same. But we've got 3 gates that we go through, especially on international acquisitions, and a lot of things get eliminated. And sometimes, they get eliminated at the very end because we just can't get there on acquisition price or our value doesn't meet the sellers' interest or some other bidders' levels. So we've got plenty of activity, really, in every region, and so I would say that there are similar opportunity sets out there. It's a matter of which ones that we can get to the right value, and then you'll see us consummate those. And then in India, as far as the auction situation goes, there is progress. There's a January 2013 expectation of this auction being conducted. Our view is that -- and those bidders that have announced that they're going to participate are our major customers, those with the financial wherewithal to actually deploy this. And so those include Bharti, Vodafone, IDEA, Telenor, which is a Scandinavian operator that's in India a big way, as well as Tata. So all of these carriers are serious about expanding their business. They are among our biggest customers, and we're looking forward to them to get some more spectrum to keep rolling out their network.
James D. Taiclet: Jason, it's Jim. On the master lease agreements, you characterized it exactly right. There's an overall comprehensive payment that happens every month, every quarter, under these holistic MLAs, as we call them. And those are for certain limited rights across the portfolio and tower by tower. So any excess, whether it's the number of sites that are eligible for a certain upgrade or it's an additional equipment above and beyond the limits that were established in the MLA, there will be amendments for that particular activity that will be over and above, as we call it.
James D. Taiclet: Kevin, it's Jim. We don't speak to specific parameters of our master lease agreement. But I think, in general, what we can say is that we've extended the remaining term of all the T-Mobile leases with American Tower out to approximately 9 years. Secondly, that it is a holistic-type structure that's going to help enable T-Mobile to operationally speed up its rollout. It takes out a lot of the administrative back and forth and allows them to speed up the process and the cycle time with us, which is great. Interestingly, the 4G upgrade is not for all of their sites they asked for, and it's for a portion of those. And if they extend the number of sites they need to ultimately touch, we'll be talking to them again about that. So I think it's a very good deal for both companies. We're already off and running on the introduction of that to our field teams, and we're going to help T-Mobile get the 4G up and running with it.
