Rodney Smith: Matt, this is Rod. If I could just add briefly here 1 or 2 comments. So of course, as Steve said, we've had record levels of new business in the past. And what that is leading to is higher revenue growth now as we're delivering that new business that we signed up over the last couple of years. So you saw in the quarter, we had a north of 10% revenue growth rate. As I said in my prepared remarks, that is the result of delivering on that new business, those record levels of new business we signed up over the last couple of years. The last couple of years of new business has also led to a high level of backlog. So we're up in the close to $60 million in terms of backlog, which is signed deals that we haven't commenced into revenue yet. That's up from a run rate of being closer to $40 million or $45 million in the last couple of years. So that the new business we sign up, it translates into backlog and then it translates into revenue and revenue growth. So with the activity level we've seen in the last couple of years, the high backlog we have today, that positions CoreSite very well to have high levels of growth over the next couple of years. 
Rodney Smith: Simon, this is Rod. Simon, I'm going to add a couple of comments on India just to give everyone listening a couple of the numbers and a reminder. So as Steve said, the timing is still second half of this year. Everything is going well, certainly within our expectation. I just want to remind everyone that we announced when we signed a deal with Brookfield to sell 100% of India that it would have total proceeds that could be up to $2.5 billion. That comes in a couple of different forms. It will be $2 billion in terms of the -- let's call it, the purchase price, which includes the intercompany debt that we have in there as well as the term loan that we have in India.  The intercompany debt is little less than $0.5 billion, and then, the term loan is about $120 million. It also includes some working capital, some receivables and the OCD that I'm sure you're familiar with that we put in place with VIL. So the OCD was about $200 million. The other India receivables was a little less than about $200 million. And then there's also a ticking fee component that we get that is based on the mechanics between signing and closing. You put all those things together, it comes up to about $2.5 billion. We are in the process of realizing and taking some of these proceeds out of India. So you did see -- and you'll see in the details, we removed about $100 million from India and took it back to the U.S. That's based on some of the positive collection trends that we've seen in India. Those receivables belong to us and is part of the $2.5 billion. We also converted 90% of the $200 million OCD, and then, we subsequently liquidated that right kind of during and after the successful FPO that VIL had done, which we were happy to see. So the 90% of the $200 million that we converted, we sold it into the market, and we realized a little over $200 million on that. So that's worked out really well. And again, I'll just highlight that it's achieving our original purpose, which is giving us multiple avenues to liquidate that receivable balance, increasing the probability of actually realizing cash, and it worked well. So we have over $200 million. We will -- you will see us remove that from India and bring it back to the U.S. as well. And on closing, you'll see the $2 billion plus any kind of ticking fee probably be paired up around closing just to give everyone the mechanics of those and what to expect in terms of the proceeds on closing. 
Rodney Smith: I would just add to that quickly, Rick, to that 65% range. It does leave us between $1.5 billion and $2 billion of additional, let's say, AFFO to put towards other uses, either CapEx or anything else we want to do. So that ratio of that 60% to 65% kind of fits in well with giving us a lot of financial flexibility to invest capital. 
Rodney Smith: Yes. It's a great question, Rick. And as we've -- as Steve and I have been saying really for the last couple of quarters, we are very focused on driving organic growth, very focused on driving operational efficiency, reducing our overall direct and SG&A cost to drive AFFO and AFFO per share growth where when it comes to capital allocation, we're very focused on delevering and strengthening our balance sheet and continuing momentum of adding CapEx and with the best projects that we see driving quality of earnings, the right risk profile, the right growth profile over the long term. So all that is clear and remains our focus. You did see we are at 5x this quarter in terms of net leverage. So we've achieved our goal for Q1. I'll point out, Rick, for you that, that was benefited by the payments that we saw in India and the absence of, let's say, the need for the reserve that we had in our outlook. So there is some timing benefits there that could be as much as $40 million, $45 million in Q1. What that means is we expect that leverage during the year will be back up above 5 slightly between now and the end of the year. And we're going to continue to work on getting that down to 5 in a sustainable way, and the goal is by the end of the year. Now we may not get there, but we'll be very close, I think, and we'll be in good shape. So with all that said, at some point, when we have leverage at our target range or below in a sustained fashion, then I think all options are on the table. At that point, we have regained full financial flexibility. In order to really engage in buybacks, I think we'd want to see more certainty around the economics, more certainty around issues of inflation and interest rates and those sorts of things. Today I think we all appreciate the fact that there is still a fair amount of uncertainty there, and we're going to be prudent in making sure our balance sheet is strong and that we are managing the business effectively to drive AFFO growth. That means reducing our floating rate debt, reducing our vulnerability, let's say, to changes in short-term rates. That's kind of the focus for this year. So I would say when you think about buybacks, Rick, it's probably more towards the end of this year, we'll be reassessing things. At that point, I think we'll be in a little bit different position when it comes to sustained leverage. Hopefully, by then, there's more certainty in the economic outlook and where interest rates are going. And at that point, we can do a full consideration of different allocation options. 
Rodney Smith: David, thanks for the question. I'll hit the FX one, and then, I think Steve will take the one on fixed wireless. So when it comes to FX, you're absolutely right to point out, we do have some FX headwinds in the business. That's clear. This year, the FX headwinds that we're really seeing are coming through Africa, and primarily in Nigeria, which I think you're aware of. So when you look at outlook to outlook, we're down about $15 million in this guide on property revenue, just about $5 million on EBITDA and AFFO, which is about $0.01 dilution or headwind when it comes to the outlook adjustment there. And the puts and takes there, we've seen although for the year, year-on-year, we have an FX tailwind across Latin America. Outlook to outlook, there's a bit of a headwind that brewed up here in the first quarter. And then we have the opposite in Africa where we have a pretty significant headwind in FX across the region year-on-year, but outlook to outlook is actually a positive kind of tailwind in Africa. So not all currencies kind of move together. We certainly benefit at times more than others in terms of the portfolio effect where if one currency is under pressure, another one may be up a little bit. If you look at the spot rates, we actually could improve revs by about $17 million. It's too early to build that into our outlook, but that's what the spots would tell us. So from a hedging standpoint, I mean, one of the things that we've done is we've diversified our debt structure quite a bit in the last several years. And we're up now to about $7.5 billion of euro-denominated debt to kind of match up with our euro-based business that we have in Europe. The other thing I would say is the international businesses that we have, let's say, across Latin America and in Africa and in APAC, the cash flow that we generate there, we continue to kind of reinvest back in the business if we don't take it out through our intercompany lending. And of course, when you have devaluation, we're still operating in local currency in those markets. Our P&L is denominated in local currency. So all of the revenues and expenses are all in local currency. So a lot of it is translational. There isn't a lot of hedging that we can do or we think is prudent to do in Africa and Latin America. But reinvesting those cash flows back into assets in those regions, I think, is a pretty good long-term play in terms of creating value for our shareholders. But with that said, to the extent that we see any markets that have outsized FX headwinds, that certainly comes into our capital allocation thinking. And one of the benefits of our portfolio is it is very broad. And we don't have to invest capital in every country, every year. We can allocate it where it makes most sense for our shareholders and where it will create the most value, and we do that actively and dynamically. The other thing you've heard us say this before, David, we certainly build FX headwinds or FX impacts into our underwriting model. It's in all of our deals, so we do weighted average cost of capitals country by country. We also have the Fisher effect and expectation of inflation differentials between the foreign country as well as the U.S. currency that we invest in, and we build that in out over the long term within the model. So it's hard to get FX right on in the short term. But I think when you pull that out over a 20-, 30-year period, you have a much better chance of getting that right in the long-term model. So in terms of our underwriting over the long term, we still feel good about the portfolio that we have and our ability to handle the FX. But it is important to note that in the short term, we have the ability to lean in and out of different places depending on what's happening in FX, is one of those things that we would certainly be looking at. 
Rodney Smith: Batya, this is Rod. I'll start with LatAm and give you a little insight on the trends there. So we're seeing for the outlook for 2024, LatAm is going to be coming in around 2% organic tenant billings growth. That's coming with about 3% being contributed via the co-location and amendment revenue. And if you put that up against prior year, it's pretty flat. So we're seeing a steady level of demand and activity across Latin America in that 3-ish percent for new business. The escalators are also in that 4%, so a touch above that. That's actually down kind of moderating because inflation across the region has come down. So last year, that was north of 7%. This year, it's about 4%. So that's a big driver of any headline change that you'll see. It's just a moderation of that inflation. The good news is we also are seeing a lower level of churn. So churn is about 5% in this year's guide. Last year, it was up closer to 6%. Within that 5% churn, almost half of it is coming from Oi, which I know you're familiar with that. It will take a couple of more years to kind of work through, and we will sort of get to the other side there. And then we would expect a more normalized overall growth will come back in the region. But it will take a couple of years before we get there. When you think about maybe just hitting the wireline side of Oi, you heard -- you probably saw a couple of comments come out publicly around the wireline of Oi and what they're doing. But I'll give you a couple of numbers here. They represent about $35 million to $40 million of revenue for us in our LatAm business. We did agree to about a 20% discount that is assumed in our outlook, so there's no negative impact to the outlook that we have out on the street based on that. That means that, that comes into about $7 million on a per-year basis over the next couple of years in terms of the discount. And as part of the transaction, we will also be taking ownership of certain sites down there from Oi. I'm not going to give you a count or any more detail there. We've got a little bit of work to do to look at that. But we have kind of worked through that. So we'll be working through the remaining churn down in LatAm. We do think it's temporary, but we also do think that you'll see kind of relatively low growth for the region for the next couple of years, let's say, lower single digits in that 3% -- 2% to 4% range, let's say. 
Rodney Smith: Yes. In terms of the build-to-suits, I mean, we're keeping that consistent up in the range of 2,000 to 2,500 to 3,500. Q1, the volumes were a little bit lower, but we do expect that to increase. We continue to see strong demand for us building towers for our customers across Africa and also in Europe. So we certainly have been happy with that. We're being fairly disciplined with the higher cost of capital, looking to make sure that pricing around build-to-suits reflects the new reality. But we still see several thousand sites that we can build every year. And I would say the volumes have come down a little bit. But one of the results of that is the quality, let's say, has increased because we're really being very selective on where we build, who we build for and what assets we build. As we look at the macro environment with the uncertainty around rates and cost of capital, we're being extremely disciplined. 
Steven Vondran: Sure. Thanks for the question. So what we're seeing in the U.S., it's clearly -- it's 1 quarter results. And again, the conversations that we're having give us the optimism that our guide for the year is kind of spot on in terms of the customer is starting to ramp up. I don't have a lot of visibility into what my competitors are seeing. So I don't think I can give an opinion on whether what we're seeing is materially different than what they're seeing. But when I reflect on what the customers need to do to complete their mid-band 5G rollouts and when I think about what their long-term goals are on their network, there's a lot of work yet to be done. So what I think that we're seeing play out is the same cycle we saw in 4G, the same cycle we saw in 3G, where there's an initial push, then there's a little bit of a slowdown while they're optimizing their network and then there's another push. And I think that we're starting to see that. Now where I do think we've really differentiated ourselves is that our MLAs do provide a little bit of an easy button for our customers, and we're able to give them great speed to market, great cost predictability. And I think that, that does give us greater market share over time.  Back to kind of our longer-term guide for the U.S., just to remind everyone, we said that we expect at least 5% organic tenant billings growth on average for the period between 2023 and 2027, and that would be 6% excluding the Sprint churn that we have. And in 2023, that OTBG number was 5.3%, and we're projecting 4.7% this year. And that's all while we're absorbing greater than 100 basis points of Sprint churn a year in each of those years. So we see the activity levels very supportive of that long-term guide. And again, we feel good about the cycle of 5G. We feel good about the carrier activity that we're seeing and about the way 5G is performing in terms of giving them megabytes of data or gigabytes of data a lot cheaper than they could produce it any other way. 
Steven Vondran: A little bit. Again, I think when you think about these cycles that the carriers build in, the first push that you see is always a coverage network and that implies overlays on existing sites. And then, when they slow down and start optimizing, part of that optimization is infill to get better quality of service where they might have some coverage gaps or might not be getting the optimal service. And that always implies more co-locations. So we are seeing some demand for that as well. Again, we're -- we see some kind of broad-based activity, so it's -- we're seeing both, and we're seeing that across the carriers. And again, I would just remind folks that we do have comprehensive MLAs in place with some of our customers that smooth out some of those cycles of the ups and downs of the activity levels. We did disclose in Q1 that one of our major customers rolled off of their comprehensive MLAs. And so for that customer, when you come off the comprehensive portion and get to more of the kind of pay by the drink, there is more seasonality in terms of the commencement of those leases as they sign them. And so from that perspective, activity levels will drive the -- that portion of our business, more than they do for the ones that are in the comprehensive MLAs. 
Steven Vondran: Yes. Sure. I'll start with India. No updates at this point. It's very hard to predict when that approval will come through. So we're still expecting second half of the year. But we'll let you know as soon as we know what's happening on that. In terms of broader M&A, our team is looking at everything that's kind of out there for sale. And that's just part of our standard practice. There's nothing that we're seeing that's compelling that would take us off of our capital allocation priorities that we laid out at the beginning of the year, and that is our first priority of any of our capital allocations paying our dividend, but then we're really focused on delevering after that, making sure we get down to our 5x net leverage. And so when we're looking at the M&A that's out there, there's nothing that we're seeing today that is strategically important or at the right price that would make us change our mind on that at this point. When it comes to our own portfolio, and I just want to be clear about this, we're not doing a strategic review specifically, if anything, meaning there's nothing that we're intending to sell out there today. Having said that, we do have some businesses that may not be as strategic for us or they may not be at scale. And if the right buyer with the right price came along, we would consider something there. But as we look at our portfolio kind of across the globe, our goal is to figure out if there are businesses that are not meeting our original underwriting criteria. The first thing is what can we do to fix those, how do we drive greater sales, how do we get more efficiency in the market to drive margins up? And we'll try that first. If we decided to exit other market, they'd have to be because we're getting the right price and that we think it's more accretive to our shareholders than holding it. So at this point, there's nothing to point to in our portfolio that we're actively looking to dispose of. But again, there are some nonstrategic businesses for us out there that we would consider if the right buyer and the right price came along. 
Steven Vondran: Yes, what we've said is we plan to resume growth in 2025, subject to Board approval, and we'll give specifics on our Q4 call in February '25, as we always do, in terms of what that's going to look like. Over the long term, what you can think about is that our dividend per share and AFFO per share growth to be similar over the longer term. And so there may be some short-term changes in that. So for example, with our India divestiture, there will be some dilution in AFFO per share. So there might be a dislocation there from the AFFO per share growth and what we will see in taxable income. So over the long term, you can think about those being similar, but for 2025, in particular, we'll get more specific about that in February of next year. 
Steven Vondran: Well, if we continue to grow it kind of in line with our AFFO per share growth, you can think of that payout ratio staying kind of in that 60% to 65% range. 
Steven Vondran: Sure. I'm happy to. Thanks for the question, Rick. So when you look at carrier CapEx, first, I would point out that we're seeing -- the estimates for carrier CapEx and 5G are around that $35 billion, $36 billion per year mark on average. And that's up about $5 billion or $6 billion from what we saw in 4G, and that was up $5 billion or $6 billion from 3G. So we do see overall CapEx increasing. The reason it's not a perfect algorithm for growth on the tower side is that CapEx goes to a lot of different uses. It's not all going into the radio access network that goes on towers. Some of that CapEx goes into the core of the network and some of it goes to the fiber to connect the network. And so there's a lot of CapEx that's not related to just the rent on the sites. So it's not a perfect algorithm for that. And in fact, I think I'd point you to one of my customers' comments earlier this year where they said that their C-band deployments will continue at pace and that the savings that they're getting in their CapEx this year is coming from core and fiber. So when we think about carrier CapEx, what we're really trying to focus on is what we think the CapEx is going to be on the tower sites themselves. And while the carriers don't break that out specifically, that's where we take our market intelligence and what we're hearing from the teams on the ground to get a better idea from our perspective on what the activity is going to be based on what they're preparing to do on their sites. And so the CapEx does matter. If they're spending more CapEx, that does imply, generally speaking, more activity, less means less, but it's not a perfect algorithm. 
Steven Vondran: Yes, that's a possibility, Rick. A new lease rate is typically higher than an amendment rate, but you get more amendments than you do new leases, so there's a little bit of a trade-off there. But look, it's all positive, and it's all the things that underpin our long-term guidance, and that's what our expectation for growth is. It's a combination of new leases and amendments as we go through a 5G cycle. It's a long cycle, and it's going to replicate very closely what we saw in 4G and 3G, and that's what we're seeing playing out today. 
Steven Vondran: Yes. I would just add that we also use contractual mechanisms to also control it to some extent. It's very important for us to have CPI-linked escalators in all those international markets to make sure that you do recover some of the differential that you have from inflation from the U.S. in those markets. And in some markets, we also will have some of the revenues pegged to U.S. dollar. For example, in Nigeria, the -- about 40% of the revenue in Nigeria is passed through power. And so that's kind of passing through at the same rate that we're paying it, so that's a little bit of a natural hedge. The remaining 60%, about half of that is pegged to the U.S. dollar. That we get paid in naira, but it's pegged to whatever the exchange rate is when we go in there. So we do use contractual mechanisms to hedge as well. As well as what Rod said that most of our expenses are local currency expenses, so there's some natural hedge there as well. Fixed wireless, so on the fixed wireless side, look, we're seeing our carrier customers aggressively going into fixed wireless. And it's -- we've always said that it might be one of the first use cases in the 5G, and we're seeing that play out. I think the numbers are about 10 million subs that were at total for fixed wireless in the U.S.  At this point, we're not seeing them deploy stand-alone fixed wireless networks by the major carriers. We do have stand-alone fixed wireless for some of the small guys, the WISPs and people like that. But at this point, the carriers continue to utilize the excess capacity they have in their current builds. What that means for the long term, I think it's too early to say. I'm encouraged by the ARPUs they're getting, the growth that they're seeing, the competitiveness that they're showing with the fixed-line broadband. And if those trends continue and if they're able to kind of underwrite some additional incremental network builds to support that, that would be upside to our base case. When we've set our long-term guide in the U.S., we were not anticipating any type of a stand-alone fixed wireless build or incremental network activity driven by fixed wireless. So that would be upside for us if it happens. But I think it's too early to tell right now if that's going to drive a lot of additional business or not. 
Steven Vondran: Sure. Let me attack the first part of that. So when you look at pricing across our markets, what's really driving it is supply-demand dynamics. And so we're seeing similar increases and retail scale, hyperscale pricing in those markets. There's probably a little bit more increase in hyperscale at this point because contiguous capacity is becoming more rare and because they have the lowest pricing to begin with kind of in the markets. And so what we've seen across all of our markets is the supply is less than the demand. And part of that is just -- I think AI and other use cases have taken off faster than people expected. And the entire ecosystem has not provided as much capacity as what people are seeking. And that's really the underlying driver for what that pricing is happening in our facilities. Our funnel has a healthy mix of retail and scale. I don't have the exact breakdown at my fingertips. But a lot of that's driven by what capacity we have to sell and what use capacity is out there for some of the scale installations. And so, yes, depending on which facility and which market, we could be flexible in terms of what we offer people, and we can be selective on the customers. Because CoreSite is really the interconnection hub, it's not just a retail or co-location facility, we don't underwrite -- we don't write all the business that comes to us. We're not a low-cost provider per se in those markets. People come to us because of the interconnection we provide. And so we curate a mix, and we try to balance networks, cloud players and enterprises with a healthy mix of retail in a way that gives us the kind of industry-leading returns on our capital that CoreSite was delivering before we bought them and that we continue to use to underwrite our model there. 
Steven Vondran: Sure. Let me give you kind of the backdrop to it, then I can give you a few examples. So over the last decade, we've been in a rapid growth mode in a lot of our markets. And when you're growing very quickly and you're buying and integrating assets, you're really focused on that piece of it and making sure that no balls drop and you're providing new customer service, et cetera. Now that we're not buying a lot of assets and integrating them, it's a good time for us to really focus on operational excellence. So across the board, what we're doing is we're looking at our operations and saying, "How can we be better without negatively impacting customer service or the future of our business." So we're being very careful that we're not damaging the long-term trajectory of the business with it, but we are finding opportunities to do things more efficiently.  And I would say what we're doing today is kind of Phase 1, and that each market is looking at what they can do on their own. And then there is an opportunity that we're focused on to more globalize the business, and that's taking best practices from each market in terms of what their expertise is and taking that to other markets to see if we can drive additional efficiencies there. For example, in the U.S., we've automated a lot of our processes. And the question that we're asking ourselves is, can we take those automations and use them internationally to drive even more efficiency there? In Africa, we are extremely efficient with how we use fuel in our Power as a Service business. So we're looking at that and saying, can we export those practices to other markets like the U.S. And so right now, we're being very deliberate and kind of chasing the low-hanging fruit that's just inherent in the business after coming off a decade of growth. And then we're going to be very thoughtful about continuing to look at those costs as we try to become as efficient as we can everywhere we can over time. 
Steven Vondran: Sure. So when it comes to our international markets, we have a variety of contract structures, and sometimes, they depend on whether it's with an acquisition that we did or build-to-suits or a bigger part of the business there. So I would say there's a lot more variation in terms of how we construct our contracts internationally. We do have a couple of holistic type deals internationally. Again, a little bit different flavor than we would have in the U.S., but we do try to utilize those contract structures. Yes, I think that's something that may be an opportunity for us over time. But it takes time to get the customers to understand those. They're not typically used in a lot of those markets. And so kind of educating them on the benefits of those type structures and seeing the experience that our U.S. customers have had in terms of being able to continue to utilize those agreements and see value from them is something that may take some time. In terms of the U.S. agreements at the end of the year this year, there's nothing that we would point to you specifically on that, that we're talking about publicly at this point. So I would expect a ton of change there. 
Steven Vondran: Well, look, it's a little early for us to be giving any type of guidance for 2025. But look, we think that our fundamental growth algorithm kind of holds true. And so when we look at 2025, we continue to see strong fundamentals in our business. That includes a continuation of solid U.S. and Canada organic tenant billings growth, even while we're still absorbing some headwinds associated with that final tranche of spread churn that happens in Q4 of this year. We see leasing volumes in Africa and Europe remaining positive with churn remaining low in Europe and an expectation for further moderation in China and Africa. Continued strong growth from CoreSite, especially as we're commencing those kind of record levels of new business that we've signed since the transaction was consummated. And we'll complement that topline growth with, again, continuing to focus on margin expansion and cost discipline and continue to be very disciplined in our capital allocation. Now that growth can be a little bit offset by the headwinds we have in Latin America because we do see an elevated consolidation churn environment there for the next few years, and that's going to keep Latin America kind of in that low single-digit growth.  And then again, when you think about 2025 and beyond, there's a lot of variables that we're keeping our eyes on, like FX rates, interest rates, services, is inherently harder to predict. So we won't be trying to guide anything on that until early next year. And then the timing of the India closing will also have an impact on what that AFFO per share growth rate is, although we think we've been very clear about what that means to us. I think most of our investors understand the variability on that with the timing. But all those kind of variables, we think, point to our long-term growth algorithm remaining strong in 2025 and beyond. 
