Rod Smith: Hey, Simon. Maybe I would complement Steve's comments on Nigeria just briefly here. But just as a reminder, I know you know this, but for others in Nigeria, we also look to protect ourselves in the contract structures that Steve mentioned. So just as a reminder, we've got about $400 million in revenue, property revenue in Nigeria. 40% of that is actually passed through. Much of that is power, which is pegged to U.S. pricing. So we avoid the FX risk on those pass-through numbers. 60% of that $400 million roughly is the is the leasing revenue and 50% of that adjusts annually pegged to the U.S. dollar. So again, that's protected or sheltered from the FX volatility. That leaves about 30% of the revenue in Nigeria that's actually directly exposed to the FX fluctuations. And then with that said, of course, we build the Fisher effect into our models. We look for risk adjusted rates of returns, although in the short term, FX can be volatile, we do think our underwriting process catches the FX volatility that would be in a market like Nigeria and others over the long term.
Rod Smith: Michael, I'll hit the LatAm question on the organic tenant billings. So let me just kind of recap a little bit where we're at. Our guide for 2024 is about 2% organic tenant billings growth. That comes with a pretty steady colocation and amendment level of activity of around 3%. We also are benefiting from the escalators that are tied to local inflation across the region, that's at about 4%. So you have that gross growth coming in, in the upper single digits, 7%. We do also have 5% churn in for 2024. We've had a couple of churn events that we've worked through in Latin America over the last couple of years. Noticeably in 2023, we worked through the Telefonica churn down in Mexico. I think you're well aware of that. One of the primary drivers of the churn in 2024 is the Oi churn in Brazil. So of that 5% churn, almost half of it is the Oi churn that we're assuming is going to come through in 2024, that's about $26 million of tenant billings for Oi that ends up coming off in 2024. So we look at the market there. And yes, we've gone through some consolidation churn. And that churn is really what's been reducing our overall organic tenant billings growth rate. We do expect to get through that churn and return to more normalized growth in the mid to upper mid-single digits but it's probably going to be a few years away before we get through that in the event, not that I want to talk too much about '25 and beyond, but the Oi churn will persist for a couple of more years. That's the one sort of to watch and to see how it rolls through. But once we get through that, we do see a good steady level of colocation amendment activity and the way our contracts are written. We do benefit from the escalations tied to inflation. We protect ourselves from some FX volatility as well.
Rod Smith: Hey, David. Rod here. Regarding India, just a couple of points there. So you see in Page 20, we give you the breakdown for India, not just for the full year, but also on a quarterly basis so that to really help you figure out kind of what the impact may be up against a variety of closing dates, right? We expect the transaction to close in the second half of 2024. And the process that we're going through is it's being reviewed by the Competition Commission in India. So that's kind of the gating action there. And of course, we reviewed kind of that process with local -- with our local team, with local advisers, lawyers in India based, lawyers in the U.S. and as well as doing the proper diligence around interested parties within India, and we feel pretty good about that approval process. With all that said, we do expect it to be approved and closed in the second half of the year, but we're not exactly sure what the date would be. So we wanted to give you the quarterly breakdown so that as we progress through the year, you'd have the ability to kind of look at it quarter-by-quarter. On a full year, we've got property revenue from India at about 1.2 -- just under $1.2 billion adjusted EBITDA at about $360 million. And unlevered AFFO at $285 million and again, you can see the way that breaks down per quarter. Essentially, the difference between that unlevered AFFO and what we look at is the potential dilution of $0.30 to $0.40 for the year, maybe $0.09 dilution on a quarterly basis is the assumption that we would take the proceeds from the sale, roughly the $2 billion to $2.5 billion in pay down revolving debt that is in the -- not that I want to give you the guide in terms of our interest rate, but you can kind of know where revolving debt is these days for us up in the 6% range or so, approximately. You put that -- those proceeds towards paying down that debt, and that's the differential that brings that dilution down into the $0.09 per quarter or between $0.30 and $0.40 for the year. The math is really that simple, David.
Rod Smith: Yeah, Rick. Thanks for the question. So we're working through the process. I don't want to get into detailed discussions. We certainly haven't talked directly to the Competition Commission, but we've certainly done a fair amount of diligence. We're not sure where that will end up. We're pretty confident, very confident it gets approved. There could be some level of divestitures that was contemplated within the agreement that we work through. So nothing there that would concern us overly. And the other part is where Brookfield does have some towers the way they plan to run these also is competition friendly, I would say is the way that we kind of we view it there. So I don't want to go into more detail than that, but we do expect that the transaction would be approved and would have the ability to close it in the second half of 2024.
Rod Smith: Hey, Eric. Rod here. Thanks for the question. So regarding AFFO growth, let me just hit a couple of points. First, I'll just hit kind of generically what we look at as kind of a growth algorithm for the portfolio. And as Steve said, we're really pleased with the portfolio that we have the diversity that we have throughout developed markets as well as exposure to emerging markets. I would remind you and everyone that in those emerging markets, those are some of the largest populated industries in the world that need more and more infrastructure over time. And we do think having exposure to that is going to be really good for us and our investors in this growth algorithm. But the algorithm is really pretty straightforward. We look at it roughly 5% organic growth from the U.S. That includes some Sprint churn over the next few years there. We do expect that the non-U.S. properties will have incremental growth from there, maybe a couple of hundred basis points. And we think that's possible, certainly from Africa and Latin America over time, maybe not every year, but on average over a long period of time, which we expect to be there. We're looking at upper single-digit, double-digit growth rates from CoreSite with very nice returns. So that looks very good. And of course, as you move down the P&L, you end up with higher growth rates at gross margin and EBITDA margin, particularly with our focus on cost discipline reducing cost, managing costs, both direct costs as well as SG&A and driving expanded margins. So by the time you get down to AFFO, does that 5% U.S. growth, 7% international, double-digit CoreSite, all that can translate into upper single-digit AFFO growth pretty nicely. That's kind of what we look at. And then if you just look at 2023 and in 2024, in '23, we came in AFFO per share growth at around 1% or so. I'll just remind you that included 7% headwind from financing in the year. It included an additional 100 basis point headwind for the VIL reserve and maybe a full percentage point for FX. If you kind of do the math backwards, that core underlying business is solidly upper single-digit growth rate. In 2024, the guide is around 5%, getting us to that $10.33 per share. Financing headwinds in that is about 100 basis points. We have the reserve, broadly speaking, for India, and that's about a 100 basis point headwind as well. And with the FX volatility that we're seeing, and that's about a 200 basis point headwind again, you back up into that and you're getting into that upper single-digit kind of core growth. And I'll remind you that, that -- even that upper single-digit core growth has embedded in it higher-than-normal churn in some of the emerging markets as well as the Sprint churn in the U.S. As we go through that, being able to handle some modest FX and even financing items with churn being at a more normal level, certainly in the upper single-digit growth rates on AFFO and AFFO per share is in our line of sight.
Rod Smith: Hey, Batya. Rod here. So regarding Spain, you obviously saw that we had a write-down in our Spain market of about $80 million, that is exclusively rate driven based on the cost of capital as a function of our annual impairment testing. And I would also add to that, that the Spain market is performing very well in terms of hitting its metrics and milestones up against our original business case. I'd also remind you that the Spain business was really the only business in Europe that is 100% from the Telsius acquisition. There was no legacy business there prior to that transaction. But simply put, the impairment of about $80 million was exclusively a function of rising cost of capital running through a discounted cash flow impairment model.
Rod Smith: Hey, Matt. Regarding the tower life adjustment that you saw running through our numbers here, we essentially increased the tower life from 20 years to 30 years for book purposes for our GAAP books. And that was simply put, it’s just a function of matching up the book life here more closely with what the actual realized life is for the assets. So nothing really more complicated than that other than a realization that these assets last a lot longer than 20 years. So our books will not reflect that going forward.
Rod Smith: Hey, Brandon. Rod here. The only thing I would add to Steve's comments there is that we have full optionality kind of going forward. I think Steve alluded to this, but going beyond 2024 the fact that we're investing $450 million in the data center business in 2024 does not commit us to that level or a higher level of capital spending in that business going forward. So we have a fair amount of flexibility to deploy capital towards towers, towards data centers, towards towers in developed markets, emerging markets, certain countries, not other countries as we go year-to-year. So we will be looking to secure that optionality, protect that optionality so we can always make decisions with our capital that follow the best risk-adjusted rates of return around the globe for any given year.
Steven Vondran: Thanks, Michael. Thanks for the well wishes there. So I'll start with your first question about the U.S. So we are predicting our guidance for OTBG in the U.S. is approximately 4.7%. And as you know, that's underwritten largely by our comprehensive MLAs that we have with our carriers. So we have a degree of insulation from the variability that you see in the deployment cadence there. We do have one of our big three carrier MLAs that has rolled off of its comprehensive portion of that MLA. And so that's gone to a little bit more of an a [indiscernible]. So you'll see that activity spread more through unloaded like it would have been in a comprehensive agreement. What we're seeing from the carriers in the U.S. is we are seeing an uptick in the conversations around activity. We've seen a modest increase in application levels already this year that's off to a pretty low base at the end of last year, but we are seeing some increase in activity. But before we get the applications, there's a degree of conversation, an inquiry that happens with our carriers. And especially with respect to our services business, we have a lot of conversation around that. And we're engaged on the front end of the process when they're doing their RF design sheets and trying to figure out what they're going to do for the year. And that's what's led us to believe that there's an uptick in activity, probably back-end loaded, and that's led to our increasing our guidance and our services business for next year. Now I would point out that if you look at our services guide, it's a little bit lower margin than previously. That's a result of having a little bit more construction services in that guide. And I do want to point out our construction business. That's something that we've not grown aggressively over the past. And when you think about that services business, we don't do that nationwide. We do it in pockets where we have the right resources and can you lean on third-party contractors to do the work. So if there are variabilities in the demand that we see there that we can cut our costs pretty quickly there. So that's one of the things we're seeing reflected in that services margin is a higher mix of construction services. But again, that's targeted by region, by carrier and it's not a huge business for us, but it's 1 that we think adds value to our customers, and it earns us a little bit more business.
Steven Vondran: Okay. I'll start with the first question, and talk about the U.S. growth. So I would just point out that as a result of our comprehensive MLAs that our revenue is decoupled from the levels of activity to some extent. So I think comparing us to someone else's estimations of leasing new business is a little bit tough, just given the fact that we have a level of locked-in activity. And a large part of our rental growth is, it's locked in, it's either signed because it was signed last year, it's commencing this year. It's part of our comprehensive MLAs or there's a degree of carryover revenue and the OTBG number carries forward because the trailing 12-month metric there. The better analog for activity is our services business. And as we've said in the past, it's notoriously hard to predict exactly where you're going to land. A couple of years ago, we had to take guidance up quite a bit. Last year, we brought it down. So what we're providing here is, our best estimate given the levels of activity we're seeing, but also some of it can be more market-driven. So it may be activity in a particular market versus more ubiquitous activity, given that that's how we're performing some of that service has worked. We do see a general uptick in conversation from our customers that make us believe that there will be an uptick in the second half of the year. But as you think about that activity and the service levels of the -- service business with that activity, you have to do quite a bit of services work before you actually sign a new lease, if you're driving an a la carte environment. So it could just be timing that we're referencing there. But at the end of the day, our belief is, our property revenue growth or rental growth is largely locked in, and we feel confident in the portion that's not locked in, but that will come through in the cadence, we believe. And on the services side, we believe that we'll see a continuing ramp in that activity and that's what led to the guide on that.
Steven Vondran: Sure. It's hard to give an exact time line, Rick, because it's different by different customers. So I would say from application to revenue showing up on an a la carte basis, there's a variability there from call it, 60 days to six months kind of what you referred to there. It really depends on the customer and how urgent they are to get on the site, to be honest with you. In terms of the cadence for the contribution from the new leases and colocation, it's relatively flat across the period. Again, I just would point out that we had the comprehensive portion of 1 of our major MLAs expired at the end of last year. And so that got rid of some of the front-end loading that you saw in previous years. So it will be more evenly distributed this year.
Steven Vondran: Yeah. Rick, I'll take that one. Look, we didn't take the decision to hold the dividend flat lightly on that, and we were aware of the optics problem with a step down from Q4 to Q1. But we had committed to our shareholders to a certain dividend in 2023 and when we decided to hold it flat in 2024. If we didn't have the step up in Q4, then we would have -- then we wouldn't have hit the number that we had committed to. And so we like to do what we say we're going to do, and that's the reason we kept it there. And we think this has been very well telegraphed. We're trying to be very clear on our Q3 call about what was happening, and we've talked about it since then. And this is a one-time event. And so agree that it wasn't -- it's not the ideal situation, but we wanted to do what we say we're going to do and handle the dividend flat.
Steven Vondran: So I'll start talking about the M&A environment. Look, we continue to monitor what's going on in the M&A activity across the portfolio. We're still seeing a dislocation between public and private multiples. And so there's no portfolio out there today that's trading that we think is strategically important that would meet our investment criteria. And that's one of the reasons that we're a little bit out of that market right now. One of the reasons that we're very focused on bringing our leverage down to the high end of our target range is to make sure that we're in a position to take advantage of inorganic opportunities when and if they come to market that we think are strategically important, but also to meet our investment criteria. So we're optimistic that there will be portfolios in the future that are something that we would be interested in. But right now, there's just nothing that I would point to you that we think is, is trading in a range that we would find compelling.
Steven Vondran: I'll start with some leasing trends, Rod you can pick it up. So what we're seeing in Europe is we continue to see build-outs by the carriers. And we do see substantial 5G population coverage from the leading MNOs in Germany and Spain. So the pipeline of growth that we see remains solid, but it's more weighted toward colocations. In Germany, we are continuing to work through some of the market complexities that everyone's dealing with there, including some permitting delays and time for power connections. But we do feel good about the progress we've made there. We've brought in resources from other parts of our company to help with that and kind of utilizing best practices. So we do expect some improvement in our time lines there. So that's what we would expect to continue to see in Europe. There's a little bit more colocation driven activity and they're through the bulk of their 5G upgrades in most of our markets.
Steven Vondran: So I'll start with the data center question. In general, with CoreSite, what we're seeing is demand is still largely driven by enterprises moving to hybrid cloud environment. And that's people who either or either cloud native or primarily cloud or they were still in their on-prem facility, that's still a major driver. We are seeing AI inferencing pick up in our facilities. We've always had some AI applications that we're targeting our facilities. So we are seeing demand there. More broadly speaking, AI is reducing overall capacity in the market or overall supply of the markets, which is leading to some favorable pricing trends for us. When it comes to the Edge deployment, we do think that AI inferencing in particular, in the interface people have with AI will lead to opportunities there. Right now, the near-term opportunities that we're exploring are more niche markets. You may have seen one of our partners put out a blog that we're working with them on an Edge facility kind of in the automotive market to update software on their products. We have a number of POCs that we're working on with various partners that are more niche applications in particular. I think the micro data centers at the base of the towers, facilitating AI is still a little bit further out. And we'll continue to update you guys if there's something to talk about there. But in the meantime, we just continue to work with our customers or potential customers on iterating on what that's going to look like.
Steven Vondran: Sure. Well, the record amount of sales that we've had is what's led to increasing the development pipeline there. And it really depends on what our sales are this year and how we continue to see the opportunities in that portfolio evolve as to what the future spending are. So it would be premature for me to kind of guide future years' capital there. What I would reinforce is that we have a degree of optionality in our capital spending and that we do have a structure with CoreSite where we also have partners in that business. And so there is some optionality in terms of how much capital we put in, and you could see us using our capital or somebody else's capital to expand if we thought that was a better option for us. But at this point, the development pipeline we have today, we're choosing to sell fine because we're achieving mid-teens stabilized returns, very low risk in our existing campuses, and we continue to see demand rise. So we'll make that assessment into what's appropriate for 2025 and later a little bit later, and we'll share that with you guys at the appropriate time.
Richard Prentiss: Okay. And then Steve, I appreciate the comments that you decouple service revenue really from leasing revenue because of the analyses versus others. Is it still kind of three, six months from the time you're getting applications having these talks before it shows up in the financials? And then can you give us a little color kind of then on the pacing you expect of that. I think, Rod, you said $180 million to $190 million of new leasing activity in U.S., Canada.
Richard Prentiss: Okay. And the last one, Rod, you cited out that there's a probability that the dividend could go down from the $1.70 paid in the fourth quarter to what would be paid evenly spread over 24 or maybe $1.62, while keeping it fairly flat '24 versus '23 annually. Help people understand, what was the thought process on why raise the dividend because we get this question a lot, why raise the dividend so much in 4Q '23 if you have to pull it optically down in 1Q '24, while keeping that flat for the year.
Richard Prentiss: We always like executives doing what they say they're going to do. And I do think going spread evenly through the year is probably good as well. So thanks, guys and Steve, appreciate all the color is very insightful about how you're sitting in the seat on running the company. Thanks.
