Thomas Bartlett: There is a slide in there that that is in the appendix that I didn't talk to, that actually gives a walk of the revenue, EBITDA and AFFO growth from our prior outlook versus the new outlook. And so you can see that looking on that Page 16, the impact of GTP and NII in itself is about $86 million at revenue, $58 million for EBITDA and $53 million for AFFO, less than the $36 million, which is the financing, which is there was some pre-funding in there, because we actually raised some debt in August for that. And that includes the GTP acquisition as well as the assets in Mexico, which we anticipate closing for two months of the quarter, not for the full three. And we then anticipate closing Brazil late in the quarter, before the end of the year, and haven't included any of the benefits of that portfolio just because of the shorter timeframe to be in the quarter. So the GTP and NII Mexico transactions from a revenue perspective will generate that $86 million that we have on Page 16.
Thomas Bartlett: In my remarks I mentioned we had about $6 million of FX headwinds versus our prior outlook and we expect another $7 million in the fourth quarter. So that gives you the total impact of '13. Just to round out the revenue, we had some additional straight-line in some of our legacy assets, as well as a couple of million dollars of even positive results to generate that full $80 million increase at the midpoint.
Thomas Bartlett: That's exactly right. All of those costs are baked in there. On the transactions, I want to say, it was roughly $10 million of maintenance CapEx for 2014. NII is largely going to be integrated right into the business, so there is very little SG&A that's required, maybe a couple of million dollars. And with regards to GTP, there are some synergy benefits, but it's about, I want to say, $527 million of incremental SG&A. As you recall from our last call when we talked about GTP, we anticipate spending $10 million to $12 million of integration expenses and as a result, we expect synergies of $5 million. I think it was in the first year thereabout and growing to about $10 million over the 24-month period.
Thomas Bartlett: I mean, on the last question it's just timing. I mean the strong organic growth we've seen throughout the year. And as you know, when we look at kind of new site growth, we look at those assets that we've just haven't owned for full 12 months. And so given some of the timing of the transactions, it's less, if you will in terms the overall core revenue. Strong growth on all those new sites, but just in terms of the way we build the core organic and the new site revenue, the core organic growth is higher. And by the way as I mentioned, it's among the highest levels that we've achieved, which I think is a reflection of just the demand we've seen throughout the world, which kind of gets into your second question, from what we seen in 2014, and we'll talk about guidance in February. The rates that what I'm talking about now for 2014 are just building from the rates we have now. So I'm not anticipating any significant growth if you will, coming from any particular carrier. It's just continuing with the deployment schedules that we are realizing at this time.
Thomas Bartlett: Sure, David. I mean, first of all in the mix, I mean in the U.S., we have see some new co-location growth, but as a percentage clearly the total, we're still seeing 70-plus percent coming from amendments, albeit the amendment pricing is actually rising, which actually indicates the carriers themselves pretty more up on those existing portfolio, on those existing platform. So I think it's a precursor then for them just start to shift to more new co-lo's, which we're starting to see now in the application pipeline. And so as I mentioned in my remarks, we're starting to see about 30% to 40% of the application pipeline actually being co-locations, so I think we will continue to see that growth in volumes over the next 12 to 18 months as the carriers are now going to be starting to have to split cells and increase leasing as the LTE penetration continues to grow from there, kind of the mid-teens up to the north of 20, which we would expect, again over the next 12 months. So I think it's a natural trend, David, which we've seen in the past with prior deployments. Relative to the question on kind of the MLAs, and holistic MLAs, which I think is what your question was. About half of our core organic growth in the U.S. is actually now fixed, which is largely the escalators plus the right to use fees that we have on our holistic agreements with the balance coming from the activity from our non-holistic related master lease agreements are less than churn. So we're actually seizing a sizeable portion of our organic growth rate now as a flow or as a fixed rate.
Thomas Bartlett: I mean, overall, if you take a look at the trends, candidly over the last four or five quarters in the United States, I mean clearly our average lease rate per customer per month is up 10%. So I think what you're suggesting is right. There is more infrastructure going on the site themselves, which is driving the increase in revenue per lease per tower. And as well as just more of, as what Jim was referring to, more of the radioheads, more of the electronics is actually coming up on the tower itself. And we have seen a nice growth in the U.S. market over the last four or five quarters just in terms of that lease rate per month. And it's been about, as I said, kind of on a q-over-q basis, it's probably about 10%.
Thomas Bartlett: And Jonathan, just to follow-on that I mentioned that if you take a look at the pipeline that we have from an application perspective of about 40% our co-lo's versus 60% amendments' that was 35% four months ago. So we're actually seeing the growth overall in the new co-lo's and we're seeing that candidly in the application pipeline, which we would expect to bring online in the next six months.
Thomas Bartlett: Sure, Simon. I mean, the buyback program we actually put on hold, when we announced the GTP transaction. So that was the activity prior to the announcement of that particular transaction. And I think in the light of what we're trying to do over the next 12 to 18 months in terms of delivering, there will be very little buyback in our program. With regards to the NOLs, we ended the year at about $900 million and we'll use about $250 million this year, so we have about $650 million at the end of the year, which we will then use over the next three to seven years, if you will. The dividend as we've said in the past, it's obviously subjected to our board, but what Jim and I have talked about is our 20% compounded annual growth in our dividend. And so we would anticipate that our dividend will grow at that rate over the next several years. That concludes the call this morning. Everyone, we really appreciate your call. I'm sure you heard kind of the energy around what we were able to generate in the third quarter. We think we're on path for a really solid 2013 and really well-positioned for again another solid 2014. And we're excited about being able to share those results in February with you. So thanks, again, for the call. Bye.
James Taiclet: I'll start off the first part by just sort of reiterating that the main barrier to entry for a particular tower site isn't necessarily the zoning restriction placed by the local government, but it's just the economic reality of the franchised value of the site, meaning if there is a limited amount of licenses in any given territory to build next to somebody else is essentially an economic mistake, because you cut your available market in half. So it's not a sensible thing to do from a business perspective, but then further supporting our franchised value is the zoning barrier and in the U.S. it's varied across the country, but been fairly high. And what we're seeing is in almost every other market the trend is towards sort of the U.S. level, if you will. So if you take Brazil, again it varies across Brazil, but in some of the major cities and especially historical districts zoning barriers is just as high as they are anywhere in the U.S. When you get to India, as an another example, again when you are in Delhi and Mumbai, zoning restrictions can be very, very difficult and existing sites become thereby more valuable, as you say. And then the last example I'll give you is Ghana, where it's probably one of the toughest new-build environments anywhere from a regulatory perspective. So everything is trending sort of towards the U.S. on the local regulatory side, but the most important factor again is just the economic rationality. As for the JV structure, if we can work with a regional or global leading telecom partner, we'll entertain the opportunity for minority states and retention by those partners in those countries. So we have those with MTN and Millicom at the moment and we would entertain them going forward and it also helps some risk sharing and an alignment of interest in countries that are new to us, as well. So we will look at it, but our goal ultimately or even additionally often is 100% ownership.
James Taiclet: And what I would add on the U.S. market is we're seeing what we expected over the last few years continuing into the next few years, which it there is such terrific consumer demand or such interesting new devices and applications coming out, that's driving carrier investment in the networks to handle all of that. They are figuring out a way to do it profitably and smartly. And therefore, they are increasing their demand, more tower spaces, as we go again, whether it's on existing sites through amendments and more equipment or new sites to densify the network. So it's a positive trend that continues along all of the fundamentals. And then, if you take a look at the individual companies or even their public statements as late as yesterday, it suggests that they're going to up their investment in these trends, whether it was Verizon at their Analyst Day or AT&T who is talking about $20 billion a year of total CapEx for the next few years; and T-Mobile and Sprint, who with their new structures, and in this case of Sprint, its new parent, are bullish on investing in the U.S. market. So all of those are going to support the kinds of expectations we will be delivering in detail to you in our next call.
James Taiclet: There is activity in the small cell universe. We look at it in two major categories; one is traditional distributive antenna system technology, which we are active in. And we are seeing actually some of the best organic growth in some of the most interesting new venues to deploy those DAS systems in this year, so it's active, but having said that, it's about 2% of our total revenue. And would we love to get it to 3% or 4%? Yes, we would, but the tower business is growing so significantly that that's a hard race to run to increase the DAS percentage against the strong growth on the tower side. So it will probably be low-single digits for the foreseeable, but it's definitely additive and it's helpful. And then on the sort of more distributed even single small-cells, the carriers are making very public statements about that. The deployment numbers depending on what you count can be high, but many of those deployments are for homes or small offices where the radius is 50 to 100 feet, so it doesn't really lend itself to co-locations, if you will and really not a competitive kind of product for what we do. So where we can compete effectively on large venues with DAS systems that can handle lot of traffic, we're right in the market and with these other smaller cells, you will see the numbers, but they won't really be a competitive product, I do believe.
James Taiclet: I think it's best to ask the individual carriers what their technical plans are for their network. But there is interest across the major carriers in DAS and the U.S. as various levels, frankly. And internationally it's starting to pick up interest and we've deployed some venues in Latin America and African and we're looking at in Asia now. So there will be some opportunity in those places as well, but again compared to the big macro network on towers, it will be a complementary offering for us.
James Taiclet: Well, I think what I said David was that we would expect to be at least at the high end. So without giving formal guidance, which we will in February, we would expect the pacing to be consistent with where we are now. There is no reason to think that it would slowdown.
James Taiclet: Obviously, there are fewer large portfolios even theoretically available in the United States right now. Others will be determined by their owners, if ever and when they might come to market. We would always be interested in any of those at the right pricing terms and we're pretty disciplined on how we do those calculations, but of course we show interest and review each opportunity. But there is always smaller tower acquisition options in the U.S., as time goes forward and we'll be very active in that market too. In fact, GTP was quite good at that and we're going to absorb some of that talent into our company and keep our eyes open.
James Taiclet: Jon, I want to continue in respect to our customers individual rollout plans, again, refer you to them on specifics. But if you just look at the pattern of initiation of LTE network deployment, obviously Verizon started fairly early, AT&T was right behind them, and then Sprint, T-Mobile really picked up the pace recently. So the historical pattern has been a significant overlay, I'd say two-thirds of your site. Then do the grooming that this involves, to understand what the usage patterns are, then you may go back and start cell splitting and filling in coverage holes, etc cetera. So we are again seeing Verizon and AT&T logically being the first to enter that phase two of the standard deployment cycle and Sprint and T-Mobile will enter a bit later. So I think aside from that it would be best to get more specifics from each of them.
