Rod Smith: Hey, Eric, good morning. And thanks for the question and thanks for joining the call. So as the other tower companies are experiencing the slowdown with the carrier spend, we're seeing that as well. You rightly point out, you see it mostly in the services revenue. So for us, you noticed we took our guide down from over $200 million down to about $175 million. In that process, we also were able to increase our margins and kind of mitigate some of that softness. The thing that I would point out there as it relates to services is the level of activity we see continuing into the back half of the year, even through the slowdown, it's still equal to or better than the high watermark of level of activity we experienced throughout the 4G cycle. So we still view the services business and activity levels as pretty healthy. And this is not inconsistent with what we've seen in other technology upgrades with the carriers to have an initial burst of spending they get their network upgraded on the new technology. Then you see a pullback in CAPEX and that sustained level of new CAPEX under the cycle is typically higher than the last cycle. And that's what we're seeing, that's what we expect. In terms of the longer-term guidance is you think the way that our comprehensive agreements are set up, we really are in very good shape we think, from now out to 2027. So I'll just remind you in terms of what our long-term guide was. We are seeing an average of about 5% organic tenant billings growth in the U.S. from now until 2027. And the slowdown does not change our view there because the vast majority of that is fully contracted. That includes the incremental impact of sprint churn. Without that, we'd be at about 6%. And again, we don't see that changing because this pullback or slowdown as described from carriers because of the way that our holistic or comprehensive agreements were. So that's kind of -- that's the strong nature of those comprehensive agreements that we have. It really does protect us from these fluctuations in spend from quarter-to-quarter or even year-to-year. And within that guide, we do have 4% to 5% of activity base, new business kind of coming through. So I think from that perspective, we're in pretty good shape.
Rod Smith: Yes, Eric, maybe I would add just a couple of other comments to Tom's answer there. The overall growth that we're seeing in CoreSite is really healthy. We saw 10% overall revenue growth in Q1. We're seeing high single-digit growth in Q2. So you put that together for the first half and the revenue was up high single digits, which is really robust. We continue to see healthy escalators in that business. The cash mark-to-market is still up in our range, at the high end of our range, even beyond the 3% high end of the range. The churn is well controlled and within our range of 6% to 8%. Interconnection growth, we've always targeted 6% to 8%. We're seeing a higher level of growth than that today. So that's that ecosystem that we have kind of at work producing what we hope to produce. And then hitting the CAPEX part of your question, we've got $360 million this year in CAPEX, we had about $300 million last year. And we do think that's a good run rate. It will fluctuate from time to time, but the purpose for our CAPEX program, of course, is really to make sure that we have the adequate capacity available to satisfy the new business and the demand in the backlog. So you can see from the chart, we have an average backlog of about $53 million, which will be deployed over the next 18 to 24 months or so. So we are ensuring that we have that capacity available. So that $360 million really is going into the 28 locations we have, the campuses either adding buildings into those campuses or adding conditioned space within existing buildings to make sure that we're keeping pace with the demand that we see. And the demand is robust. So certainly, there's opportunities to deploy even a little bit more capital. We'll continue to evaluate the returns and the growth rates and those sorts of things. But all in, we're exceptionally pleased with the way the data center business is performing. And we do think staying in that between 300 to 360 in and around that area is the right place in terms of ensuring we have the capacity available to meet the demand in our current facilities.
Rod Smith: Yes. Good morning Simon, thanks for joining the call. Thanks for the question. So delevering is a priority for us. We've talked about that for quite a while. It comes in a couple of forms, outright in reducing overall debt, we're focused on that as well. Our target range is between 3 and 5 times. You saw that we ended Q2 at just over that at about 5.3 times. So a little outside that window. We want to get down below 5 times, and that's what we're really focused on going forward.  With that said, when we look at our capital program, our overall priorities haven't changed. We still prioritize the dividend and dividend growth so that's key. We see very good day one NOI yields and returns in the new build program. So this year, we're deploying about 1.7 billion in capital. We think that's a very good use of capital and resources for our shareholders. And then beyond that, when you look at M&A, as Tom has talked about in the past, in our pipeline today, we just don't see anything compelling. That's a combination of terms and conditions and markets where they're available in different criteria. So we look globally, we look at the pipeline, we continue to have a pipeline that we review. But again, nothing is compelling. So with that said, and in the specific environment where the rate -- the go-forward interest rate is still uncertain, we think it's very prudent to prioritize delevering and debt reduction. We think it's very prudent to reduce the amount of floating rate debt so we lock in our interest rates on a larger portion of our debt. So going forward, our target range is about 20% for floating rate debt. We've got that down to around 15%. And I think in Q3, you'll see us continue to be opportunistic depending on where the rates are in the U.S. and where the 10-year is in the U.S. and the benchmark over in Europe. You could see us back in the capital markets to reduce our exposure to floating rate debt even below the 15%. And you'll see us going forward this year and well into next prioritizing delevering and trying to get down below 5 times.
Rod Smith: Hey Matt, good morning. Thanks for the question. So regarding the debt, the simple answer here is the -- some of the increases in our organic tenant billings for the balance of the year is really a delay in churn, not an expectation that churn is going to be materially lower over the long term. So, it's primarily in Latin America driven by the oi churn, which is delayed. So we do anticipate that to pick up later in the year in Q3 and Q4. And that oi churn is about 2% of our overall -- within our organic tenant billings growth, it's 200 basis points in that revised kind of view of that approximately 4%. So it really is a timing issue there. And then in Africa, it's pretty consistent. We're seeing some delays, but nothing too material, and it's not a change in terms of our overall long-term view in Africa. We're still looking at some churn in AirtelTigo in Ghana and Cell C is churning off some sites down in South Africa. So churn ends up being approximately 6% in the African market. And Latin America, it's about 6.5% kind of in total for the year. The other thing I would highlight is in Africa, we are seeing elevated levels of new business and activity. So we've been really pleased with that. So that's the churn piece. I guess jumping over to India, I'll just make a couple of comments on our process there. So as you know and as we've talked about in the past, we're fully engaged in a process in India. It started with a full evaluation of the market, particularly the future impacts of that market under different scenarios. And we're also evaluating potential uses of capital that we may take out of that market as a result of this process. We are -- we continue to focus and we're very engaged with a few remaining select investors. We're highly focused on selling a majority stake in that business anywhere, and I'll be kind of broad the process is continuing here, but anywhere from 50% to 100% stake sale. I don't want to talk about any more details than that. Of course, valuation is always important. Terms and conditions are always important. They are primary key considerations for us as we work through it. And I would say at the moment, we're happy with the progress that we've made to date. We've been working on it for quite some time. We are in the late stages of the process. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we do expect to complete a transaction sometime during the second half of this year. That's kind of what we're looking for. And our goal is to drive the best outcome for our shareholders through this process. We're going to remain very thoughtful, very disciplined, and very patient as we get through the final stages here. And we hope to update you all at some point soon in terms of the process and next steps here. But again, we're in late stages of the process.
Rod Smith: Yes, Rick, we've invested around $5 billion into the market. What we have on our books today is in the range of about $2.5 billion.
Rod Smith: I guess on the first piece, when you say a stake in the receivables, you might be talking about the idea of converting some of the receivables with VIL into a different type of financial instrument. We have done that, Rick. So we've got about $200 million of prior receivables that we've converted into more of a financial note or a note receivable. So that is in place, and I think it will certainly work to our advantage over time. We are seeing a slowdown in terms of the new builds in India. And it is partly driven by our view, a higher cost of capital kind of reviewing pricing and our overall appetite to invest in the market. It doesn't mean that those new builds might not accelerate again if the opportunities come through with some higher pricing and higher returns. But the -- we're focused on driving the highest returns on the opportunities that we have to build. But we are seeing kind of a reduction there in India. And it's not because the overall demand is down. It's really we're being very disciplined and patient. And we're also continuing to build towers in Europe and Africa and a handful in Latin America. So in this environment, we're just being very selective and putting our capital towards the sites that give us the highest growth, the highest risk-adjusted rates of return going forward, and we balance that with our desire to delever and prioritize some capital towards delevering this year and into next.
Rod Smith: Yes. I would say, I mean, we want to be opportunistic there. But we're also -- we want to get down below 5 times. There's a combination of a couple of things, Rick. I think you want to watch where our leverage is getting down below 5 times. I've said in the past and we continue to be ahead of the delevering schedule with the rating agency. So from that perspective, where we sit today, we're very comfortable. We want to accelerate that delevering and get down below 5 times well ahead of the rating agency agreed plan because of the uncertainty around interest rates and the high cost of carrying debt these days as you've all experienced. So you want to watch kind of where our leverage goes and the closer we get to 5 times, the lower that overall leverage gets. And certainly, when it gets down below 5 times, we might hit a little bit more flexibility kind of in our capital allocation.  The other thing that we are watching is the rate environment and where that goes, and when there will be a little less uncertainty around rates. And when they peak and begin to come down, we're not making any bets on when that will happen, but that will be something we continue to watch. And depending on how that unfolds, we may be able to prioritize buybacks sooner rather than later or maybe not if rates continue to stay high and this continued uncertainty. So we'll be watching both the rate environment here in the U.S. And as you know, we do a lot of borrowing in Euro denominated debt as well, and we'll be looking at our overall leverage. Hopefully, that helps. And of course, the share price is part of that as well.
Rod Smith: Hey Greg, thanks for the question. Regarding the cadence here, I think you do want to plan for that lower 50 certainly by the time you get out to Q4. We'll see a slight deceleration from Q3 to Q4. So maybe you're up in the mid-50s and the low 50s by the time you get to Q4, but that's what we do expect and see in terms of the new business in the U.S. going forward. And it's very in line with kind of that 220, 220 plus sort of range. So we're certainly very happy with that, and it drives about a 5% new business growth contribution to that overall organic tenant balance growth.  And then in terms of the DoD and the spectrum, we're not seeing a lot of that. I'm not sure, Greg, if I would go out and say that, that upside is certainly not in the short term, if it would, it would probably be clearly small here this year. We wouldn't expect to see much of an impact. And to the extent that it is deployed later some of that may be within our holistic agreements as well with certain carriers.
Rod Smith: Hey Batya, good morning. Thanks for joining the call. I think when you think about data centers, we're happy with the scale that we have. We've got great facilities, 28 facilities across really eight key markets. Their eco -- the ecosystem there is very rich with cloud on-ramps and network companies and enterprise customers. And it really gives us kind of the backdrop and the footprint that we need. And we're not seeing any headwinds because of a lack of scale. So all the great financial results that we're seeing, we're able to do it, because of the quality of the ecosystem and the way that these facilities are distributed throughout the U.S. So from that perspective, we feel really good with our data center investment to date. Now certainly, adding a location here or there, you've seen us do that a little bit even before we bought CoreSite. That certainly could be in the cards going forward. But we really do like the assets we have. We're not overly focused on trying to ramp up the scale as we've talked about in the past. When it comes to services, I would say we are seeing a slowdown -- it's -- I don't know if abrupt is the right word to use there, but we did see kind of a slowdown. I wouldn't say that it's across the board. I don't want to get into specific carrier by carrier, of course. But some carriers continue to plug right along and others have slowed down a little bit. Again, it's not unexpected from our view. When it comes to the final part of your question, in terms of the construction services, that's always been a pretty small part of our business. We've been maybe a little different than some of our competitors from that perspective. It is a small piece and it continues to be a small piece of our business. Most of what we do is in the permitting zoning engineering kind of those preconstruction activities. We do some construction services and deployment but not a lot.
Rod Smith: No, Richard, I would say we're really not. I mean we have long-term leases on the vast majority of these sites. We either own or have 20-year leases on more than 70% of our sites approaching 75%. So we're in good shape from that perspective. And we do a lot of work well ahead of expirations of the ground leases to renew these things and kind of move the exploration data out or buy the land through our capital program. So we don't see and we're really not exposed to any short-term significant spikes in land rent because of an inflationary environment. On average, our land goes up in line with our revenue in that 3%, 3% to 4% range.
Tom Bartlett: Eric, maybe I'll start this one, and then Rod can finish on. I think the mix of customers has actually been pretty consistent across the cloud and enterprise and the network. I think as Rod mentioned in his prepared remarks, we see a kind of record levels of cash backlog that's contracted revenue that's going to hit a balance of this year and into 2024 and a little bit into 2025. We see a pipeline that's up roughly 70%. We see pricing and it's up 15% on a year-over-year basis. Even the renewal rate, the MLR [ph] renewal rates is up at the 7% level. So there is a significant demand for these assets. We have a significant amount under development and a significant amount in the pipeline. So we're really outpacing the way we even underwrote the transaction to begin with. So really pleased with what we're seeing across the data center platform.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, Simon, I think I'll just underscore. I think it comes back to what Rod's saying is that there's nothing strategic out there. There's nothing compelling. We find it much more advantageous to invest in our own business that is through deleveraging, that is through investing through our capital. That's through buying back shares, I mean, given where we're trading. So we find it much more valuable to allocate our capital that way at this point in time than anything we see out in the market.
Tom Bartlett: Hey Michael, maybe I'll start and then Rod can kind of kick in. And the types of questions you're asking for, I think, are probably more appropriate for them. We've seen T-Mobile come out and say they're rolling out more carriers. We've seen Verizon talk about their deployment and looking for more mid-band and how that's going to drive kind of the second wave. But I think if you kind of step back, the pullback that we're seeing in spending today is absolutely reflective of the cadence of network investment cycles that we've seen historically. I mean you and I have both been around long enough to see most of them and meet all of them and how that cadence has progressed. And the 5G cycle is no different, at least from my perspective, than what we saw with prior cycles.  I mean it -- when we looked at our long-term growth expectations for U.S. and Canada in 2021, we had and had anticipated having those comprehensive MLAs in place. And so it's obviously kind of straight line what we are looking at in terms of our overall growth and protects from -- as we've talked about this kind of signed wave, if you will, of development. But the cycles typically progress as there's a coverage cycle. It's what we've seen in past cycles, including 3G and 4G. It's an initial multiyear period of elevated coverage CAPEX, and it's tied to new G spectrum aimed at upgrading the existing infrastructure. It's largely cost based. I mean the carriers are dropping in new technology to bring down their overall cost per bit as well as then positioning themselves to be able to offer their customers, their consumers and enterprise customers more technology and more capability. It's then followed by some grooming that will go on. And perhaps that's kind of the stage that we're starting to see ourselves in at this point in time.  And then later in the cycle, it will fill back into a capacity stage where we'll start to see more densification going on. And so when we think of kind of the services and the cadence, if you will, every time it is difficult to predict because the cycles from each of the customers are so different. As Rod said, the $175 million or so that we're looking to service, it is kind of the third -- largest on record. Last two years, we're up, I think, north of the $200 million range. But there still is a sizable year for our services business. So -- and our customers themselves are spending still record level versus where they were spending in 4G. So I know there's a lot of this anticipation of what's going on in 5G, why is this pull back and spend in 5G. I think we need to take a look at kind of a broader period of time here and saying, okay, our customers have deployed 5G to a large extent, they're continuing to deploy. We still do see obviously, services activity from all of them and we would expect to move through over the decade further levels of investment as they continue to drive more value for enterprises as well as then more value for consumers.  So I'm hopeful that our investor base doesn't get spooked by the fact that this is a pullback. It's very consistent. The cadence is really spot on with what we've seen with other technologies. And we're going to -- we continue, as well as any of our customers do, heavily investments in the 5G networks over time.
Tom Bartlett: Right, right. A lot of it is a function of our own pricing increase that we put in place. I mean looking at the market, looking at the demand, they were initiated by ourselves. The volumes are robust, as I said, the pricing is up 15% above first half of 2022. The funnel was healthy. As a matter of fact, on the funnel on the $54 million, I think 80% of it is actually retail and scale. So largely enterprise driven as opposed to even having a major piece driven by the scale. And on the 7%, historically, we've been in that 2% to 4% rate. So very pleased with the fact of those renewal rates being up significantly above where we've been historically.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. We have a number of projects going on within the business, candidly, Jonathan. No news to report. Working on several different pilots with potential customers. As I mentioned in the past, we have a number of sites that are -- have a significant ability to add capacity of power at each one of them. So still very early days, early innings of that. Hopeful that AI inferencing in particular, will drive even more of that need out at the customer prem. So we continue to explore, continue to work through a number of different pilots and projects, but nothing new to report at this point.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. I mean, it depends -- it will be depending on the carrier, on the customer themselves. Typically, as we've said in the past, I mean, things happen in the form of sign ways. We see heavy build, then we'll see a lighter build as it gets filled. I mean the carriers aren't going to be spending the money ahead of time until they see the network demand. And so there will be certain locations, certain geographies, urban parts of the market, mortgage and is more of the suburban, where you can see shorter cycles on the grooming side. So it really depends on the customer. And it's -- you can't really come up with a kind of an average, if you will, overall.
