James D. Taiclet: Yes, Phil, it's Jim. Germany is exactly in the same category. It's, we think, the best market with respect to geopolitical and macroeconomic characteristics. Of course, there are 4 multinational wireless carriers there. KPN is our counterparty, but we also obviously have business already with the other 3, which are T-Mobile, Vodafone and Telefónica. So it's really right down the middle for us as an anchor store market, so to speak, in the European region.
James D. Taiclet: And David, the other way to get to it as a confirmation is we continue to sort of guide to 100% payout of U.S. taxable income, and you can project that way as well. But it should be a pretty fairly predictable and stable dividend flow.
James D. Taiclet: Yes. And David, even though we've mentioned it on 3 or 4 calls, it is the 3 same markets the whole time, right, the less developed Uganda, Ghana and Colombia. So those are the types of locations where we've had to upgrade some of the sites to meet our specifications. But in countries like Germany, we don't have that issue whatsoever and we didn't in South Africa either. So those are the ways to kind of look at this to know that this is not an ongoing kind of recurring issue.
James D. Taiclet: It'll probably begin to layer in, in 2013 with certain carriers and then on to 2014 and beyond. And the way that the engineering community kind of refers to this is Phase 1 build, Phase 2 and Phase 3. So Phase 1 build, we expect to be done -- and again Phase 1 is dominated by overlays on existing sites, which is driving most of the tower industry's 4G business right now. Verizon and AT&T are the 2 leaders in this deployment schedule, so to speak. Our expectation is Verizon will have Phase 1 essentially complete, which in our view is 300 million POPs or more covered by the end of 2013. AT&T, our expectation is it will be in the same situation, again 300 million POPs covered by year-end 2014. And then Sprint and T-Mobile will probably get their -- our estimation again is about 20 -- by the end of 2015, they'll be at 300 million POPs, respectively. So as you sequence those Phase 1 schedules out, Phase 2 tends to follow very quickly after. And so, you'll see throughout -- till the end of 2015, overlaps between Phase 1 and Phase 2 among the carriers, and in Phase 2 you do start to see the densification happening.
James D. Taiclet: We do think so and it's a matter of a combination of consumer demand and the carriers, the wireless carriers' ability to meet that demand profitably. And we think as long as those 2 things continue to happen, that given the competitive dynamic in the U.S. and really most of the other markets we're in, you're going to see active network deployment to stay competitive among the carriers. And in the U.S., that's been justifying about $25 billion to $30 billion of CapEx over the past few years annually. As you all know, we think that's fully justifiable in the next few years as these companies continue to roll out. And it's really important to note, only about 10%, as I said, of handsets out there today -- or less than 10% in the U.S. are 4G LTE. And one of the things that our technical advisers have provided to us is when they compare a 3G phone's monthly network burden to a 4G phone's monthly network requirements, it goes up by 5x from 3G to 4G per month. And so when you start going from 10% to 20% to 30%, 40%, 50% penetration of these phones that are using 5x capacity you're going to have to keep investing in your network.
James D. Taiclet: Yes, Jonathan, it's Jim. Our active -- most active markets in 2012, I'd put South Africa right at the top of the list. Incredibly busy leasing environment with Telkom, which is sort of the government-sponsored carrier, Vodacom and MTN all deploying 3G data at a pretty rapid rate. We were the, again, first-mover commercial leasing company in South Africa with our Cell C acquisition and the timing happened to be very fortuitous for us on that one. In addition to that, in Latin America, both Brazil and Mexico drove excellent new business, both of them had Nextel deploying 3G aggressively. But in Brazil, you also had América Móvil, Telecom Italia and Oi filling out their 3G networks as well at a pretty rapid pace. All 4 of them -- actually all 5 of those carriers in Brazil are trying to get ready for the World Cup and the Olympics and there are some requirements for them to have coverage for those events that are pretty extensive. In Mexico, Telefónica was also very active, along with Nextel as they try to stay competitive with Telcel in 3G. So those are a few examples. And then the last one I'll offer is Colombia. Another really good surprise almost for us, that our timing was as fortuitous in that again 3G is starting to roll out. A company called UNE has a 4G of network rollout that started. And the 2 major incumbents are, again, a couple of our big multinational customers, which are Millicom and América Móvil there, as well as Telefónica. So those are some of the real highlight markets for us. For 2013, we think India is going to step right back up again once the spectrum auctions are completed in August -- sorry, in March rather of this year. And what you'll see there is the major carriers with the financial capacity will have the additional spectrum in hand to go ahead and keep deploying their networks, which is the right answer over there. Finally, on the MLA front, first of all, I want to clarify everyone's understanding of what these holistic MLAs really are really quick. These master lease agreements aggregate all the existing individual contracts for a given carrier under a very specific set of rights. They're not capped. They're not all-you-can-eat. Whenever those rights are exceeded and some of the parameters include additional equipment on towers above limits, they include types of spectrum that aren't in the original rights. They're going to number of towers that you don't have included in the deal. So for example, T-Mobile's only got 1/2 of its sites with us in the holistic deal. There are a lot of parameters that can be exceeded. Those parameters tend to have been based by mutual agreement with us and the carrier on the carrier's original build-out assumptions. And if those build-out assumptions, which they often do, get exceeded because customer demand is greater or because technical specifications didn't quite get met by the OEM, et cetera, you're going to see -- and we are seeing -- fairly extensive, over and above amendment billing that's going on with essentially all of our holistic deals right now. So just to clarify, that is the structure. Secondly, it tends to be useful when there's a lot of amendment activity going on. So we don't have these deployed yet in our international markets because 95% of our new business in the last quarter in the international markets was colocations and new leases. So there'll be a time when we'll be able to apply these holistic agreements in the more advanced markets. That will probably be in the next few years, though.
James D. Taiclet: I think that's a fair characterization among the big 4 -- 3 of the big 4 carriers that have the holistic agreements. We feel that's good news, which means the trajectory of the revenue growth from those 3 carriers is, first of all, it's positive and second of all it has a floor on it. And the most important specific benefit in that regard of these agreements, Brett, is that American Tower has 0 iDEN churn exposure in the next number of years because of the agreement we have with Sprint. So we've eliminated all iDEN churn. We have a minimum revenue ramp growth rate with those 3 customers, which, as I've pointed out, we are adding over and above revenues in all of those cases at some level on those.
James D. Taiclet: I don't think you're misunderstanding it, but I do think the carriers are going to take advantage of the rights they do have and front loading them benefits us and actually benefits them because they can get the signal out faster if they kind of front load the activity that you're talking about on our towers with the holistic agreements. But also the Phase 2 and 3 refreshes will also go first, we hope, on our towers as well. So there's kind of a mutual benefit to having the holistic agreements, which allow for, in theory, the complete set of additional equipment you need on existing towers over a period of years, right, Brett, so that's what the holistics are designed to do. They are not designed to meet your Phase 2 requirements, right? So Phase 2 requirements, which are going to start between a year and 3 years from now, your hypothesis, I think, is correct is that can be incremental business to ATC under these agreements. But then again, there's a schedule to the holistics as well. We're working with our carriers to synchronize, that they get increasing value for increasing tower lease revenue to us over time and we're trying to work with them so that, that's both fair and benefits ATC.
James D. Taiclet: Well, what's, I think, beneficial about our holistic agreements is it doesn't matter to us, right? So you have, as a carrier, rights to so many antennas, so many lines, so much ground space per existing contract with us under these holistic agreements. And therefore, we're agnostic as to whether that equipment is 3G or 4G. At the bottom of it all, we do think -- depending on the deployment schedule -- there will be carriers that we've been talking about that are going to have to continue to invest in 3G as they do their handset change-outs over the years because, again, it's -- all in, it's less than 10% 4G handsets right now. So 80% to 90% of what's going on out there is still being covered by 3G. Those usage-per-month numbers are also going up, so again your hypothesis, I think, is correct. There'll be 3G investment, but hopefully that'll add to this over and above opportunity for us with some of these carriers.
James D. Taiclet: I think rough parameters would be we could probably get halfway there as far as doubling the financial performance of the business with our organic growth opportunity. Another, call it, 10% to 15% or more with build-to-suit activity and the balance could be mergers and acquisitions. That's a way to double essentially the AFO -- AFFO over a 5- to 6-year time frame. Those can be some of the major ingredients.
James D. Taiclet: That will be a characteristic of the situation with the carriers in each country and their willingness to divest towers at prices that we'd be willing to pay. We've had a team in Europe for 5 years now, and we did our first deal 2 months ago. That could be the opening of other carriers coming to the same sorts of asset price points that we can find attractive or it may not be. So it's really just a complete function of the opportunity set as these carriers reconsider ownership of towers and what they'd be willing to part with those towers for.
James D. Taiclet: Yes, that's right. Half of the sites are under the T-Mobile MLA. And if they need to exceed that, there'll be another renegotiation conversation, which I'm sure will be constructive if they need it between American Tower and T-Mobile.
James D. Taiclet: They are 100% of the existing sites at the time we signed the agreements. Just to clarify that, they don't include build-to-suits since then. They don't include acquired towers that we've brought on since then in the United States.
James D. Taiclet: And finally, I can give you a break, Tom, on the willingness of wireless carriers around the world to sell tower assets. It's increasing. On one hand, it's not increasing across-the-board with every multinational coming to the same conclusion at the same time. But we do believe that there will be opportunities and activity in pretty much every region that we're operating in and we will use our standard evaluation process to determine if any of those assets should trade to us. And if we meet our criteria, you'll see us act. And if we don't, you may not see a trade or someone else may get it. But I do think it's something that many carriers are considering, Rick, but they also view it as important and strategic and that attitude moves over time and not necessarily instantly to sell.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, I mean, -- like -- Phil, like in -- this is Tom, in 2012, I would expect the U.S. to be probably north of what they did in 2012, probably in the 300 range. We're building significantly as we have been in India, so we're probably building in the 100 per month kind of range. We would expect a little bit of a tick-up in Latin America as we're seeing more 3G being deployed in those markets with the balance in Africa.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, David. That's an easy one. I mean, if you take a look at the chart -- I forget what page number it is -- talking about the domestic revenue growth, that core organic growth metric that we talked to is exactly what you are referring to as the same-store tower. It's the growth on those towers that we've owned for at least a year. So I think of that as same-tower growth and it's been in the kind of the 7.5% range. In 2013 we're looking at 7.4% core organic growth. The overall core organic growth is a bit higher because of the decline we see in straight line in 2013 versus 2012. But we've always talked about kind of core organic growth in the U.S. in that 6% to 8% range, we're smack in the middle of that for 2012 and 2013, and the international core organic growth to be 200 to 300 basis points higher. And 2013 outlook is right at 10% core organic growth in our international markets. So it's consistent with what we've seen and what we would expect. On the dividend question, I mean, it's subject to the discretion of our board, obviously. What we had said last quarter -- or what we had said at this same time last year and the reason that I gave guidance out on it was that there were a lot of moving parts. It was our first year to pay a dividend and so I know it was very difficult for investors to understand exactly where that number would be. So we laid it out at the $0.80 to $0.90 and ended up at $0.90 in terms of a dividend or the $355 million. So that's why in the last quarter earnings call, we talked about it being a 20% growth over the next 5 years and hopefully that will give people the right expectation of what they should expect the 2013 through '17 dividends to be, but even specifically 2013.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, we talked about kind of another $20 million of start-up CapEx in 2013 from Uganda, Ghana and in Colombia. And we would expect it then to level off. We have some additional maintenance CapEx that we're spending in our U.S. operations relative to the NOC, and as I mentioned, the lighting systems of about $15 million. But if we didn't go into any new markets, you would expect that maintenance CapEx to really just grow with the incremental towers that we would, in fact, be building. So we would expect that to tail off.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, sure. Jason, in terms of the loading, I would say pretty consistent with 2012. It was pretty well even throughout the year, I think it was maybe 45% in the first half, 55% in the second half. I would expect similar kind of trends, probably more along the 50%, 50%, so pretty even throughout the year. And with regards to the financing, as I mentioned earlier, I mean we based our guidance based upon the towers that we had on hand and kind of the balance sheet that we have on hand, so the answer's no. We haven't reflected any changes in our future funding or the benefits or the impacts of refinancing of anything on our balance sheet.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, I mean, the -- actually, Jon, just I want to add to Jim's comments, first of all, on the kind of core organic growth. Also keep in mind that almost 1/2 of that core organic growth that we see having [ph] in the international markets is coming from escalations. So as we continue to build and build out new markets there, we have that constant escalator that continues to give us our advantage, if you will, in those markets. [Audio Gap] to the REIT structure, we'll look first of all at our more mature markets, if you will, in terms of who we would be bringing in to the REIT. And there's a technically nuance really within the kind of the REIT structure that to the extent that we have it in our REIT, we're able to recharacterize the debt in the local markets and as a result, potentially have a higher rate of interest in those markets. And so that's what's really driving the cash tax benefit in those markets. And it can be up to $5 million to $10 million in 2013 for us depending upon the timing and the market that we bring in but we think that, that justifies bringing it back into the REIT.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes. First of all, the budget for land acquisitions in '13 is around $100 million. In terms of the particular item, we looked at a transaction that we had done recently and we just adjusted the lives [ph] on that particular transaction, and as a result, generated a onetime benefit in the quarter.
Thomas A. Bartlett: First of all, just on the -- for 2013, I mean, the builds is pretty consistent with 2012. A little bit of an uptick but not significant. There's absolutely a significant amount of opportunity for us for builds throughout the globe. In terms of the CapEx, as you well know, they do vary significantly by market in the United States. They're kind of in the $250,000 range; to Latin America, they're probably in the $175,000 range; to India, they're in the $50,000 to $60,000 range; and in Africa, they're probably in the $190,000 to $200,000 range. The IRRs that we're looking for with regards to capital that we're spending in those markets is consistent with the IRRs that we're looking -- and to be consistent with when we're doing a deal. So if you take a look at the United States, we're looking at high single-digit kind of cost of capital; and in Latin America, it's 300-plus basis points on top of that; in Asia, it's 400 on top of that; and in Africa, it's 500 to 1,000 depending upon the markets that we'd be looking on top to that. And yes, the IRRs on day 1 are generally higher than they are in the acquisition side. And that's why it's kind of our -- after paying a dividend, that's the first place that we like to put our capital.
Thomas A. Bartlett: I mean, in the international markets right now, it's about 1.5x. In the U.S. market, it's like 2.6x. So overall, it's about 2x. In our Asian market, it's up in the 1.7x kind of range. In our African markets, it's probably in the 1.4x range, if you will, getting into some of those markets with single-tenant towers out of the gate. And in Latin America, we picked up some single-tenant towers there and it's probably in the 1.5x. And in Germany, it's about -- the deal that we had just done, it's in the 1.6 to 1.7x.
Thomas A. Bartlett: That's right. It's not in the guidance and they currently represent a relatively small piece of our overall revenue. If we see some meaningful uptick that would impact guidance, we'll reflect it there. But there is no really impact of any Clearwire activity in the guidance as we speak.
Thomas A. Bartlett: I think that concludes our call this morning. Again, really appreciate the time you spent with us. And to the extent that you have any follow-up calls, please give Leah or myself a call. Thanks, again.
