Jordan Sadler: Thank you and good morning out there. Wanted to follow up on guidance. The increase it makes sense given the quarter's results, I'm curious what might be the drag as we look at the run rate you are able to achieve in 1Q. What the offsets are as we look forward to the rest of the year, outside of obviously the financing you discussed and the churn event you have coming in 2Q.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. And this $30 million commencement guidance obviously looks like a new statistic you'd be providing which should be helpful, but relative to historical commencements, it feels like it's a little bit light and is that - would you say that's a function of just available inventory today.
Jordan Sadler: Okay, there was a news report recently of a competitor taking some space in L.A1 and I had a curiosity as to what the impact of that might be on the dynamic in that market, meaning would you view that as more competition for L.A2. Or how we should be thinking about that.
Jordan Sadler: Okay, just - that is helpful. One last clarification and I noticed that the MRR per CABI reported went to 40, 39 I think in the quarter. And it looks like either of the change in disclosure that I made to maybe I missed something, my last quarter supplement I had 15, 29 I don't know if there was change I missed.
Jeff Finnin: Good morning, thanks Jordan. I think you touch on two critical elements, first, as you discussed the interest expense associated with the incremental finances, if you just think about for instance Q2 we think about Q2 is that in subsequent quarters the interest expense have been about a $0.02 per share drag on earnings per quarter. In addition, as you mentioned we do have our last churn event from our customer out in the Bay Area, and that churn event also will be contributing a decrease of about $0.02 per share in the quarter - in the second quarter think about that. One other item we did mention in the call or on my prepared remarks, was the fact that we did get about a penny per share benefit in our G&A during the first quarter associated with some true-ups [ph] we made on our compensation year in compensation true-ups [ph]. So that give you some idea how we've been looking at it at least pacifically for the second quarter. And then beyond I would say it's largely going to be attributable to the timing of our commencements, and at the end - at the end of the day it's going to be driven by the timing associated with that and ultimately have a sales continued to generate and reflected for the rest of the year.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, I think you know in our call last quarter we gave some commentary around historical commencements and my recollection if you just look at the past several years, our commencements have averaged somewhere around $26 million to $27 million per year just depending upon the year. So it's up slightly from the pace which we've seen historically, and so that's where we're patient to and hopefully to execute. If you just look at what we did commence in the first quarter we were at $9.1 million. Our backlog that were exit in the quarter at is $5.6 million and we've said that that will all commence at various times during the rest of this year. So we're at slightly less than $50 million, we're at about 50% of the way there, we feel good where we are and Steven and his team continues to work to try and hit and or outperform.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, no - we - that same store pool gets updated in the first quarter of every year, Jordan, just because we then add an incremental level of real estate so that it's just a defined new pool. And that happens every year in the first quarter.
Jeff Finnin: Additional commentary I would add, this isn't specifically related to efficiencies but first quarter while we did highlight you know we had a benefit of about a penny associate with some annual comps ups, and we also benefited we think from having some lower bad debt expense the first quarter, we hope that continues but obviously that's a hard one to predict, and again it is something to watch closely, but all signs in the first quarter looks very good.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, Mike this is Jeff. I've mentioned earlier it really relates to some of our larger wholesale deployments specifically at SV7 that deployed and those deals commenced I guess in early Q4 of 2016. Those customers are deploying gear at this time and it really just ultimately the power generally might lag the increase in rent associated with those deployments, because it takes a little while to get their gear deployed and ultimately start power - power that those deployments are going to need and that we sold into those particular customers.
Jeff Finnin: Hi Matt, this is Jeff. Let me give you some color. Steve gave a little bit of this on his script but overall cross connect volume growth for the quarter was 10.3%. The fiber as you just alluded to was 15% of that so blended - I'm sorry a 10.3% volume growth overall, and as you just alluded to overall revenue growth was about 13.9 %. So I still think there is some pricing strength there, it has not decreased but that 10.3 was overall volume growth.
Jeff Finnin: My apologies Matt, overall volume growth on the logical interconnection this quarter year-over-year was 6.5% I think that's actually deceleration from where we were in a previous two quarters and that's largely attributable to a couple of customers where we had some churn in those particular abundance but overall this quarter was 6.5% year-over-year.
Paul Szurek: But Jordan, to that we obviously saw a lot of commitments up in Q4 which are growth significant revenue growth that we're seeing in early - earlier in the year so that's hoping to see the growth earlier we plan to see that moderate as we go forward in our traditional year.
Paul Szurek: Jordan, this is Paul, thanks for that question. We view that as kind of business as usual, one will sure --there has always been an ecosystem there that included space that we didn't control. As it relates to that particular space, the anchor tenant for that space which takes up most of that space just wasn't a deployment that required the value that we provide in our - in our particular solutions and in fact it's not even going to be connected directly to the meet-me room. So it just wasn't in the fairway for the sort of things that we do. The tenet that has the space overall, we have a good working relationship with them and as we said on prior calls, we have a - we have a unique for care - historic care hotels we have a unique set of rights to preserve the value of our meet-me room experience of our meet-me room composition, and we have been able to work very successfully with the other people in the building to make that work for everybody. So you know, long story short we don't view this as a meaningful change in [indiscernible].
Paul Szurek: We do as you as you know follow a policy we started a couple years ago of seeking strategic tenants to pre lease space in newly developed data centers and will continue that would be new developments as well.
Paul Szurek: Well, we have other places in the Santa Clara campus to accommodate the retail demand. And we just find their tremendous synergies both with enterprise and retail demand going forward and having the right strategic tenants in place, during the - during the pre-leasing process. On top of which as you guys know developing in Santa Clara does take some time for entitlements, so there's plenty of time during the entitlement and pre-construction process to seek those kind of anchor tenants without really slowing down the realistic schedule of construction.
Paul Szurek: You know, that's for - that's to bring the first third of capacity into the data centers, so it's about six megawatts, it will eventually expand 18 megawatts our best guess is that cost per kilowatts about 10,500 to 11,000 per kilowatt. And that will provide the same mix we provide today which is 2 and plus 1 to accommodate customers that have differing needs.
Paul Szurek: Just so you know, the start off with as far Chicago is concerned we continue look at markets and the opportunity there that to grow, a lot of it comes down to where we have capital already deployed where we see the maximum return for our shareholders in each given market, and what the absorption looks like there as well as the competitive dynamics. And Chicago definitely one of those that we continue to look at, we do have an opportunity to better efficiencies out of the facility that we have there today, but we continue to look at new opportunities to expand the Chicago market that continues to remain attractive for us.
Paul Szurek: We're seeing an increase in multi sites, our customers start to deploy in more markets but for the majority of our new logos that we find that typically come in as a single market.
Paul Szurek: Thanks Colby. Good questions. First on the - on the latter question. My guess is that building would come online probably about 18 to 22 months after we close on the land purchase, could be - could be faster depending upon how quickly the entitlements process goes, and as you know that's always the hardest thing to predict in some jurisdictions more so than others. Efficiency and effectiveness, we are continuing programs we started a couple of years ago to re=architect our own IT systems, to provide our people in the field and our construction and development teams with better tools to manage and take care of the plants and the facilities and to do new development, reduce the amount of time they have to spend on tasks that the systems can do for them. And not only to gain more efficiency from each person, but also to be able to be more proactive in how we take care of plant and equipment, just so you know, we have a great record for reliability. Sometimes that involves more unscheduled time than is necessary and these systems give us greater visibility and the ability to be more proactive. And that's really going on across the organization, and that's just part of the maturation of the company, and the benefits of our increasing scale.
Paul Szurek: No single thing in particular, just a number of small things that together add up to incremental efficiency and that's probably going to be our pace for the next few quarters.
Paul Szurek: I would just add to what Steve said, going back to the introductory comments about our business model and the importance of being scalable and flexible for your costumers. Adding new logos has long been a part of a consistent strategy, providing - bringing new companies customers in and that will then subsequently expand and also providing expansion business for the customers that we have in place that provide network and cloud and other services. And there is a lot of synergy between those communities and that's why the ecosystems seem to keep throwing up the value that they throw, and why it's important for us to continue to be able to provide that scalability, flexibility because we see an enormous amount of growth from the customers that we bring into the ecosystem, and the growth they drop to other people that are already in the ecosystem.
Paul Szurek: The other qualifier I would add there or beyond just to the revenue portion is the margin that goes along with that power obviously those larger deployments typically those are metered type of deployments which are traditionally pass through power and not necessarily bring a lot margin to us as far as the power margins associated with it. So just to provide some clarity there.
Paul Szurek: We do in that market see the same things that we've commented on by some of the analysts that that hyper-scale market does tend to be somewhat lumpy, a lot of procurement and then growing into procurement. But then there will be another stage of procurement expected down the road, and we think that's going to continue for some period of years as far as we can see. Consistent with the overall growth in data and data traffic and all the different things people do with data right now.
Paul Szurek: Thanks everybody on the call for your interest in the company. We are - as we mentioned we're very pleased with this quarter and pleased with what we see going forward, I would like to thank all of our colleagues at CoreSite to work really hard every day to take good care of their customers and try to stay ahead of costumer demand and we look forward to the rest of the year, thanks very much.
Steve Smith: I provided a little bit of color commentary on that as it relates to guidance, and it really simply relates to if you look at our historical leasing over the last call it two to four quarters, we have been leasing and specifically SV7 had some larger metered power deployments that ultimately commenced in early on in the fourth quarter of 2016. Ultimately the power revenue associated with those will be dependent upon when those customers ultimately deploy all of their architecture, and then ultimately begin drawing on a metered basis. And those are large supplement just take some little bit of time to get that ultimately installed and before they're ultimately drawn into power levels that we've expected.
Steve Smith: This is Steve, we are seeing continued growth just on a broad base level but we're really seeing accelerated growth is really around the enterprise connected to the cloud. We've seen over 14% growth year-over-year, so that continues to be a healthy market for us and I think just speaks to overall strategy of trying to drive on ramps available in those markets and that versus of cloud networking enterprise.
Steve Smith: Sure, and I think the Internet of Things going to ply do a lot of things, so we do see that across the board and whatever business you happen to be and typically the Internet is involved, so we do see a lot of different enterprises really requiring those hybrid multi-cloud type of deployments as well as just using their infrastructure to do commerce over the Internet. We feel that customers are continuing to see value in that within our data centers and the overall legal system that brings all the - those things together helps them drive more of their business and that's where we've seen a lot of growth.
Steve Smith: Hi Robert, this is Steve. We are really seeing it across the board, I mean as enterprises interconnect more between their locations as well as with our customers and suppliers are driving more and more demand just in general. We do see - depends on the market I guess a previous way to look at it so as we talked about in the earlier remarks the L.A. market is obviously very entertained in kind of delivery focus as far as the general market is concerned, so we see greater demand there and with that comes greater demand for the network that goes along with it. But overall, between cloud come to delivery just the proliferation of enterprise and how they connect to their suppliers and employees across the globe, frankly, that just requires more and more network to do so.
Steve Smith: Hi Michael, this is Steve. I'll give you a little bit of color on just the overall approach and where we're seeing demand and try to give you a little more from the financial perspective. From an overall lease perspective as we talked about in the earlier comments, we do see a vast majority of the transactions being created in that less than 5,000 square foot space and that's really a reflection of our go to market strategy, which is that three pronged [ph] approach between enterprise, network and cloud but a lot of effort and focus is around driving enterprise into our data centers, that then those cloud and networks want to connect to and those enterprises obviously want to see the value from. So it's a lot of work, a lot of effort to bring those type of customers in, but that's the vast majority of the new logos that we saw in the first quarter, and frankly every quarter is through the enterprise, and as we see that market continue to mature my expectation is that we would continue to see that proliferate across our ecosystem. That answer's your broader base question, but in general across each of our markets that is where the focus is, is driving enterprise which of those less than 5,000 square foot deployments typically sometimes are networks as well, but for the most part those are just the traditional enterprise in the larger over 5,000 square foot type of deployments are either large fortune 1,000 type of deployments or cloud content type of delivery.
Steve Smith: Hi, Matt, this is Steve. I would say it's really varies from network provider to network provider and really region to region, so it's hard to give you some general around where we are seeing more strength from a network perspective, a lot of it just depends on the maturity of the facility. And how we see the - eventually choose to build natively into those buildings. L.A2 probably a great example of that where our initial strategy which is still work very well for us, has been leveraging the dark fiber tether [ph] between LA1 and LA2 is still a great way for us to provide customers the scalability and performance that they see at LA1 but in a more scalable campus in LA2. At the same time, that building has matured and we've seen more customers deploy their - networks have also chosen to deploy their natively as well to be more efficient for them they see the same benefits and so you see that happen as we - you see buildings mature over time and we're seeing the same thing in NY2 as well as that as it matures over time. I think you just see that across the markets as we start to get better synergies in our ecosystem in each of our facilities. But overall, networks tend to coalesce around one another and we see that continue to mature as we experience our strategy.
Steve Smith: Then just to give you a bit more color around the overall growth numbers. The fiber cross connects the traditional go to for customers are looking to do approximates with their facilities. Some of the decrease that you see is really related to the mix that we've seen over the past several quarters, we look at to larger wholesale deployments versus smaller retailed deployments, and the larger deployments obviously get little bit more diluted because they're leveraging more square footage for maybe a smaller number cross connects than a traditional enterprise might for the same sized footprint. So that's just why you see it a little bit of a decline in that regard. I do think that some customers the networks are starting to explore a bit around 100 gig which they get a bit more efficiencies around but at the same time a connection is the connection they need to - where they need to connect a cloud provider or a network that's still a physical connection or in some cases a logical one.
Steve Smith: Hey, this sis Steve, I can give you my sense on it and I'm sure Paul and Jeff would chime in as well. Wholesale can [ph] in a lot of different ways and as we stated in our strategy it's really opportunistic as far as CoreSite is concerned and that opportunity comes with not only new builds that we may be doing in the market, but also how they fit into our ecosystem and our overall strategy relative to those three pillars around enterprise, cloud and network. So in the typically the wholesale deal that we've been engaged in, we do have a new bill that's going on but they will also contribute to that overarching strategy. We have typically now participated in the hyper-scale type of deployments that you see in less interconnect sense of type of markets, we don't see a dramatic change in that strategy.
Steve Smith: I would say one of the areas that we have seen an increase in what you would probably traditionally call wholesale is published early in his remarks around the edge and how those edge type of deployments may be sizable in some cases but are still very performance sensitive, the reason why they need to be close to the edge in order to provide a very performance sensitive type of response back to their customers or other applications that they may be delivering service to. So those are a bit unique in their deployments but we are seeing a bit of an uptick there.
Steve Smith: I think it's kind of a combination of both frankly. The team there is matured over time and we're seeing better results out of the team as we build there. I think the ecosystem there has strengthened over time so we've seen that in various markets as we get customers then ecosystems established there that they as Paul mentioned earlier, they start to throw up more value to other participants there, they continue to grow and that that helps drive more revenue, the market starts to find out more and more about the value that we provide in that space. So I think it's a combination of a lot of that and I think them overall the market is maturing there as well. We are optimistic about the outlook and we continue to work hard every day to keep it going.
Jonathan Atkin: Thank you. So on that last question maybe just to push back on the pulse that is if the site is across the street and immediately adjacent what - why wouldn't you want it just to immediately kind of continue the kind of that retail progress that you see in SV7, and not necessarily seek a larger anchor.
Jonathan Atkin: The 118 million. How many - What's kind of your baseline assumption on megawatts of critical load and is that [indiscernible] what can you share on that in terms of your baseline assumptions.
Jonathan Atkin: And then maybe for Steve or you Paul, but I'm just interested in kind of the interconnection revenues and the ecosystems that are driving that, is it just the traditional ones that are continuing to grow or is there emerging one that you're seeing their starting to gain share within the revenue mix interconnects.
Jonathan Atkin: Is there anything around advertising or Internet of things or any at anything else worth call it out as a driver in interconnects.
Jonathan Atkin: And then just real quick two more on Chicago I think 95% utilization and as you think about expansion in that market is it is it down town, is it suburbs where it would be kind of your thoughts there. And then on the new logo capture I am just interested in whether the majority of those are taking occupancy at one of your sites or multiple sites, thank you.
