Tom Bartlett: Interesting, Simon. We have a lot of different ways of being able to secure M&A. We demonstrated that really with what we've done in Europe, with our capital, even in the United States with Stonepeak in terms of private capital. So I think the capital is there. For us, yeah, it is a function that our objective is to delever. I really do want to get down to that five times kind of leverage. And so that remains a top priority for the business. But on top of that, we want to continue to feed our build program. We had record build last year. We have a strong build program this year. With regards to the M&A, there's just still a significant difference between the valuations, the bid and the ask. And there's nothing out there that's compelling as we see it today. And so our focus continues to be on, as I said, what we do every day, driving organic growth, driving efficiency. You see we expect margin improvement in 2023 versus 2022 and supporting our build program. Our customers are very active around the world from a build perspective. And I think in the last several years, we brought in like – we built like 25,000 sites. And so there's a significant opportunity there, and the returns are incredibly compelling on that new build program. So as I said, there's just nothing at this point in time that we see out there that's interesting really from an M&A perspective. And we continue to just keep our head down in terms of funding our build program and delevering our business.
Tom Bartlett: Actually, Rick, it's going to be very consistent, very linear throughout the year. And so largely, it's a function of the relationships and the agreements that we have in place. But we would expect it to be very consistent in the US throughout the year.
Tom Bartlett: Yeah, exactly the same. I mean, it's – as we have said, as we have predicted, as we have thought, and again, it comes down to largely the relationships that we have with our customers. We see strong demand coming out. I still think we're in the early innings really with 5G. Our customers on average are probably on about half of our sites. So there is a significant amount of opportunity there. But it also comes down to the types of relationships and the arrangements that we have with regards to our MLAs. So we are underscoring really what we had said a year ago relative to growth coming out of 2023 through 2027.
Tom Bartlett: Well, I mean, you've got a couple of questions in there. We're not going to – we're not focused on rolling out a long-term guide at this point, as you would expect. But there have been some significant macro environment changes that happened around the world that we use to underwrite kind of that double-digit expectation, which I think is what you're referring to. But I'm not letting the foot off the gas in the business, okay? We're not changing anything at this point in time. Our core growth, as Rod just walked through, really remains really, really strong. And we don't have any expectations for that kind of growth diminishing. We see kind of 4G, 5G being rolled out across all of our footprints, which really gives us a lot of comfort in terms of being able to suggest that, that growth is going to continue. Now, also having the types of relationships that we do with our customers in the United States helps underpin a lot of that growth. The interest rates, Rod walked through the impact of rates. It's kind of a reset in 2023. I believe it to be kind of more of a one-off, if you will, in 2023. So we remain really bullish on going forward. As I said, I'm not going to talk about long-term guide, but I'm not letting the gas – letting the foot off the gas at all within the business. With regards to – of our dividend program, as you all know, you're a REIT expert. Our policy is just followed our REIT TI. And it's been very consistent. We've been able to enjoy double-digit rates of growth on our dividend for the better part of the last 10 years actually, which has been very supportive. And we continue to be – we continue to feel that our dividend is an important part of our total shareholder return. So we're looking at 10% dividend, as Rod talked about this year. It's difficult really to predict what that might be. It depends upon what we bring into the REIT, what's not in the REIT, obviously, what kind of M&A exists out there. It could drop a little bit to high single digits. But again, we continue to expect it to grow significantly. And as I said, it's an important piece of our overall total shareholder return.
Tom Bartlett: Okay. Dave, you got a bunch of stuff packed in there. Let me start to -- no. Relative to the M&A in India, there's not a direct connect between the two. They are somewhat mutually exclusive types of decisions. And it really becomes, again, part of a broader portfolio kind of conversation relative to what we think may make sense for the portfolio in terms of driving further value over time. India is really just kind of an opportunistic at this point in time. And really, it's -- we're in kind of the exploration mode at this point. A number of things going on there. And to the extent that there is, again, a value creation opportunity for us, we can continue to enjoy the growth of the market and utilize that capital in other parts of the world, including using it to further de-lever, perhaps more -- even more quickly than we would have otherwise thought is not a bad thing. So, there -- I understand the kind of the connection that you're drawing there, but I'm not really looking them in that way. And I really do believe the paths are separate.
Tom Bartlett: Just adding on to that, one of the really interesting, I think, parts of the build is what we're doing in Africa, because we're really focused on building green sites in Africa with Airtel and really leveraging a lot of the power and fuel competencies that we've created in that market. We brought in solar to over 15,000 sites. We brought over lithium-ion in over 19,000 sites. We've reduced 5 million liters of diesel over the last several years. And so there is an incredible competency that we're building with regards to Power as a Service in that marketplace. And we're able to bring that then on to those green sites that we're building in conjunction with our -- with the agreement with Airtel. So that's a particular interest that we're really excited about over the next couple of years.
Tom Bartlett: I'm certain that there are certain pockets of the United States where we're already seeing some densification going on in the marketplace. And so I would expect that to continue as penetration continues with 5G sets. Keep in mind, it's in the carrier's best interest to deploy out 5G, because it's going to lower their overall cost of providing service. And so as activity continues to drive and as applications continue to develop and get deployed, you'll start to see that densification. But -- so I think it is already going on. And I would expect that over the next two to three years, we'll see an increase even in the densification within the market. Also keep in mind that carriers are using slightly higher spectrum bands. And so given the propagation characteristics, they're going to be requiring higher levels of densification as a result of that as well.
Tom Bartlett: No, it's really not. As a matter of fact, if you saw the numbers coming in from the field in terms of what they expected to build, it's significantly higher, candidly. And what I -- what we do is, we ratchet that back and look at the opportunity and look at where we can drive the most value there. So there's nothing going on there with regards to the pullback on sites. By the way, we will see different levels of site build in each one of the countries, just like we see different levels of colos, amendments depending upon what densification looks like and what the carriers are looking like. But now I wouldn't read in anything in terms of the pullback on India new builds for 2023.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. No, nothing specific. I mean, I -- we have a fair amount of history in the kind of in that particular part of the infrastructure business. We knew what the model was that CoreSite was delivering on with their customers and how significant interconnection was in terms of driving value for their customers as well as for the cloud and service operators, and that demand continues. And it's a significant barrier to entry for others to be able to compete against them. I'm continually incredibly impressed with the team and how they think about returns and how they think about the relationships with the customers. So -- but that wasn't surprise, because I thought that candidly through the entire due diligence process. So I knew the quality of the group. We did enjoy significant growth in 2022, which I think just goes to the strength of the team and strength of the value proposition that they're offering their customers. And we believe that 2023 is going to be another strong year. We still have, as you would expect, a significant amount of energy around what the edge will ultimately look like. We have created an advisory board. We have a lab set up. We have plans to start to look at building out some of that capacity. We've identified about 1,000 sites within the United States that can handle up to over a meg of capacity. And through the relationships that we've been able to develop really through CoreSite with the cloud, we remain really optimistic about what that opportunity is going to look like and how we're going to be able to drive incremental business to our tower site, which is in and of itself has a strong competitive barrier given the ownership that we have of the land and of the site. And so we're very excited about it. There's nothing in our guide relative to performance coming from that activity. And as we've said, it's going to be a multi-year rollout. But we think that as a result of the CoreSite assets as well as our tower assets, we're really uniquely positioned to be a meaningful part of the puzzle as the edge continues to develop. So as I said, I think we would just continue to underscore what we originally had thought, and we're continually working very methodically in terms of trying to become that linchpin for rolling out that kind of capability.
Rod Smith: Hey, Michael. Good morning. This is Rod. I'll start here, and Tom can certainly join in. So -- but in the US, the leasing activity is really strong. And our revenue in the US is underpinned through what we refer to as the holistic agreements, which I think everyone is very familiar with. But we've seen contributions from colocations and amendments rise from about $150 million in 2022, up to $220 million in 2023. That drives about a 5% contribution to our organic tenant billings growth. And as Tom mentioned in his previous answer, we see about 90% of that locked in for 2023. And the long-term guidance that Rick asked about, we are continuing to target equal to or greater than 5% between 2023 out to 2027. And a fair amount of that activity, both the underlying revenue and the revenue growth, is locked in as part of the holistic deals. Now of course, as we move beyond 2023, that 90% will come down maybe to about two-thirds or so by the time you get in the outer years. And that's just a function of getting closer to the end of some of the agreements, and chances are some agreements will be rewritten sort of along the way. So we feel really good about the visibility we have into the US leasing market and the strength that we're seeing in the US market, particularly because of our assets and the way that we drive these agreements. Now your question kind of refers to flex. And I think what you mean there is where is the potential upside? And of course, there is a potential upside to the extent that there's faster uptake on 5G utilization in the US. And if that requires carriers to densify the networks a little bit quicker, and we see a faster conversion for colocations and fewer amendments going forward, that could certainly provide some upside. And then depending on just the build of some of the carriers. And certainly, DISH comes to mind as they build a greenfield network to the extent that they go beyond their minimum commitments with us, that could certainly be some upside as well. So I would really kind of watch -- certainly watch DISH. I would watch the other carriers and see the 5G utilization. And some of these new applications come out for 5G, we'll see what kind of bandwidth constraints that puts on networks and when network densification may end up happening. But it's a pretty exciting time in the US market, particularly when you look at the 5G networks and potential applications coming down the pike. So I think that kind of covers off the points around the US leasing. When you think about our international business, we don't have holistic deals in the same way in a material fashion outside the US. They are much more traditional green, more of an a la carte, kind of pay as you go around the globe. So, that's what I would say about that point, Michael.
Rod Smith: Good morning David I'll take the next one here on the AFFO per share growth. So, you can see in the chart that we laid out, we have FFO per share going from $9.76 to really down to $9.60 on an attributable basis. As we mentioned, the financing costs, you can see on the chart there, the $315 million represents about $0.68 of that or about an 8% headwind. The 405 is what's coming from our regional businesses, including our corporate cost centers. And that 405 represents about a 9% growth. So that's kind of a core growth rate that we're generating from our operating. The FX headwind is about 1%. And then VIL represents about 2% headwind. And when you put it all together, you get to a negative 2% growth. But to the extent that the financing impacts here really are one-time, which we expect, we expect interest to kind of peak this year and then -- in the middle of this year and maybe trend down towards next year, assuming they stay flat or even decline and become a tailwind next year. That certainly would be a good fact. But that could remove that 8% headwind on us. FX and the VIL situation in India, both are somewhat unpredictable. But if you put those aside, we feel really good about our global operating business in that upper single-digit growth rate in this environment. And of course, with these uncertainties around FX and maybe recessions in the US and other places, we'll watch and see how that unfolds. But absent the volatility in India, absent the FX and the financing headwinds, we feel very good about an upper single-digit sort of a growth rate from our operating units. And that's all driven and underpinned by growth in mobile data consumption around the globe and the need for tower space. And our portfolio is just really well positioned to benefit from that.
Rod Smith: When it comes to our build program, Richard, I mean, we're going to build about 4,000 sites this year. That's the expectation. The biggest chunks here really come from Africa and India in the range of 1,600, 1,700 sites each in those areas. In Europe, we're going to drive just over 400. In Latin America, maybe just under 300 sites. So there's an opportunity to build in all of these markets. And we get really good NOI yields in these markets kind of across the board. So it's not just about the volume of sites. Certainly, we like the idea of increasing our footprint Europe, in particular, driving more builds there with very highly credit quality customers in really attractive economies. So the 400 plus, 400 to 500 sites we'll build there are very attractive to us. But as Tom talked about with scaling the core, anywhere where we have management teams and assets and customers, to the extent we can add assets through an internal CapEx program with high NOI yields, it creates a lot of value for our shareholders long-term. It's good for our customers as well. So we think all of these markets are attractive in terms of our ability to build new assets.
Rod Smith: Yeah. Sounds good, Eric. So when it comes to Latin America, I guess what I would point to is our guide on organic tenant billings growth is a little bit higher than 2%. That comes in a few pieces. The gross new business is going to be in the mid-single digits, let's call it, around 3% or so. We're also seeing higher escalators at around 8%. And we do have a headwind of churn of about 8% as well. That's the bits and pieces in terms of getting into that growth rate. So you can see the churn number is fairly high. We do think it's temporary, and we do think it will work through it over the next couple of years and get back to a more compelling overall growth in the market. And when it comes to the churn pieces in our guide specifically, when you look out here in 2023, Telefonica is really the biggest piece. And I don't want to get too detailed in terms of customers. But I think everyone knows what's happening in Mexico with Telefonica and then joining AT&T as an MVNO there. So that's driving a fair amount of the churn. We're also seeing some churn remaining from American Movil really through the Nextel assets that were purchased down in Brazil. Those are the two things other than smaller churn, smaller customers throughout the region. But it's really the Nextel and the Telefonica in the bigger piece. And then the Oi piece really is going to be out over time. So there's a couple of things that I would say about Oi. Oi in total is about $100 million of revenue for us. It represents about 1% of our overall business. About one-third of that is tied in with their landline business, which we fully expect that the landline business of Oi will keep those sites over time. The other two-thirds, we have, on average, five to six years remaining on the length there. So that will be -- kind of over time, we'll see Oi is not a significant impact today that we're seeing, but that may start unfolding this year and into next as we negotiate with the three players who kind of carved up the Oi. It will probably extend into a multiyear period in terms of getting through Oi. So that's kind of what's happening in Latin America relative to the churn issues. Yes. On the balance sheet, a couple of things that I would say. I mean, we have longstanding percentage policies when it comes to fixed and floating. We run 80-20. We're pretty much there at the end of 2022. We expect to stay in and around that range. I mean, we can be opportunistic. I think you saw it at the very end of 2021 just before interest rates began to rise. We were fairly aggressive in terms of terming out floating rate balances. We got our floating rate percentage down to closer to 10%. With about 90% or just over 90% on fixed, we did that very purposefully to take advantage of the low rates, both in the US bond market and the euro market. And that was just ahead of purchasing the data center business on December 28, 2021. So we can be flexible there. In terms of managing the balance sheet going forward, we have about $3 billion in bonds that we'll refinance this year. We'll look at a variety of opportunities to do that. That could come in the form of getting into the US capital markets that we can do that or parts of that in the European markets. And of course, we'll be balancing short-term and long-term rates. We could stay on the shorter end of the curve and with the expectation that rates may come down in the next couple of years, and then we go out longer when the rates are more attractive. We can also secure some of the debt that's on the balance sheet to the extent we refinance it and maybe carve off some savings from that perspective as well. So there are a lot of opportunities in terms of looking at the market. There's a lot to consider in terms of where we expect rates to head. But as I said earlier in one of my last comments, we do expect that rates will probably peak here in the US this year, maybe even drift down later in the year. And we'll continue to watch the markets and interest rates and economy to see what we expect to be happening next year. But we'll be looking at the full curve and all the different capital opportunities that we have in front of us to make the very best decisions going forward.
Rod Smith: Yes, I would say, it's really just being opportunistic, kind of, looking at the market. Certainly, India has been volatile over the last few years and maybe even a little bit longer than that. But as we said in the prepared remarks, we look at all of our portfolio assets around the globe kind of on a constant basis and evaluate growth opportunities, valuations and other things. So we are in the process of looking at strategic options in India. We haven't made any decisions at this point, but we are kind of going through a process in evaluating things. And it's really around being opportunistic. We do believe that the Indian market is an interesting market and does hold some upside, but there's also a fair amount of volatility that we have experienced. So we'll be looking at a number of things. And when and if we conclude and make any decisions, we'll certainly let everybody know.
Rod Smith: And Nick, maybe I'll just add -- complement on to what Tom said here. As we wait for the edge or work for the edge to develop, the CoreSite business is performing exceptionally well and right in line with our expectations. You heard us talk earlier about the record new business that we achieved in 2022. We see strong demand from enterprise customers on those core data center assets that we have around the country. A few of the key metrics here. We are seeing escalations right around 3% on our rental space, which is right in our target range. We see cash mark-to-market adjustments for 2023 go up beyond where they were in 2022. So, they've gone from about 2% up to maybe 3% to 3.5%. So, that's certainly a good factor. Churn continues to be in and around 6.5%, which is on the low end of our range. Interconnection growth we expect in 2023 to be in the 6% to 8% range, kind of right in line with where we would expect it to be. And our development CapEx is coming in at around $360 million for 2023. And much of that is to replace capacity that we sold in 2022 through those record new business numbers that we will be deploying in 2023 and 2024. Replacing that capacity is really where the CapEx is being deployed. So, we're seeing very good results and really demand from that CoreSite business, again, as we look to work to develop the edge.
