Tom Bartlett: Yeah. Sure, Simon. I think we're really focused on the 20% compounded annual growth rates in dividends. We think that provides a nice compelling accelerating growth over the next several years. With regards to our NOLs, I think I mentioned in the last call, we ended the year with about $900 million of NOLs, and we expect to use somewhere between $200 million and $300 million of NOLs this year. I think that with regards to our capital structure as a mentioned, we do have a number of things, investments that we are looking kind of in the pipeline, but as you all know, those may not come to fruition, and to the extent that they don’t, then we’d increase as we did last year towards the end of the year, the pacing of our buyback program. We think that’s a good use of cash and we can keep some predictability to the growing dividend stream going forward.
Tom Bartlett: With regards to Clearwire, it's been exactly kind of what we expected Rick, it's not a significant amount of activity going on there, but again that is really what we expected. And with regards to the amount of business over and above the MLAs as you put it, we are seeing activity on all of those carriers, and as you'd expect, and I think it's largely due to some of the things that Jim talked about not just in their initial 4G rollout for data, but now we will start to see it with the rollout of VoLTE. I think, we will continue to see what we call additions to pay or revenue over and above that – those MLAs that we put in place. So, yeah, all the carriers have been very aggressive, and I think that's consistent with the increase in commenced revenue that we are seeing in the Q1 and the sizeable application pipeline.
Tom Bartlett: Well, the good news with some of those types of – all those types of transactions, they come along with a sizeable amount of cash flow, right. So, over a period of time after the acquisition, you have kind of the natural evolution back to more appropriate levels relative to your net debt-to-EBITDA. But to the extent of the transaction, as we have said in the past Rick, it is strategic, we will go above the five times, but to the – but we know that the cash flow we will be able to bring it down naturally over the next kind of 6 to 12 months period after that. To the extent that it goes up sizably over the five times and we think it is very strategic and very accretive to our business, we think that our shareholders would also think that, and yeah, we’d use form of equity.
Tom Bartlett: And Tim just with regards to some of the transactions, as you know, we look at transactions on a ten-year DCF basis, risk adjusted depending upon where it might be done. But generally speaking, in the international markets than in the Latin America, they continue to be at kind of the 11 to 13 times kind of range. In the U.S. market, yeah they are in the high teens, 20 to 21 times rather, and again it’s a function of where they are, what kind of lease up we see potentially going forward after we’ve acquired the towers, and as you well know, we’ve turned down a number of transactions over the last 12 months where we didn’t see the kind of value that others thought it could be created.
Tom Bartlett: Hi, Jonathan, it's Tom. I think with regard to – remember, what we're seeing now is that we are passed kind of – for so many of the carriers. Some of that initial coverage rollout that the carriers were doing with regards to LTE and now we're starting to see more equipment being added to the towers, the existing platforms to be able to handle some of the additional capacity requirements that they're now seeing as more handsets get out into the market. So I think that's largely what's probably driving the increase in the amendment pricing per unit, if you will. The second question was relative to some of this startup CapEx. As I mentioned, we have $20 million of startup CapEx this year. It's largely in our new markets obviously down in Colombia and over in Africa. And like our SG&A which we need to incur out of the gate to be able to support these markets, I mean our strategy is to get denser and deeper into each of those existing markets. So while our SG&A as a percentage of revenue was hovering around 10% this quarter, we would expect that to come down over the next two to three years as we've been able to work into, if you will, those types of some costs. And so we would expect over the next three years or so to get back down into kind of that 9% range, if you will. And again, it's a function of us just getting deeper and into the markets and driving the densification on our towers.
Tom Bartlett: Michael, this is Tom. On the debt front, we still have two tranches of debt less than $1 billion I think in total that were put in place prior to our becoming investment grade and make (indiscernible) on those were pretty expensive. Right now we've just got some indicative pricing yesterday I think still for a 10-year unsecured note, we're still on that kind of 3.5% range. We have driven down the two really, I think the cost of borrowings I think our capital markets group have done an outstanding job in terms of driving that cost down and we'll continue to be opportunistic going forward and determining what kinds of products and what kinds of tenures we would look at. But as you've seen, our strategy is to continually look at longer tenures driving down the average cost of debt, which better matches our fundamental master lease agreement rents, and I think we've done a nice job over the past. It's very difficult to say going forward where that – what that rate environment might look like.
Tom Bartlett: Richard, this is Tom. We just released our guidance 60 days ago and we did increase guidance of our AFFO by $60 million. So I think where we are, we'll look at it in the second quarter and to the extent that there is a need for a change, we'll make it then.
Tom Bartlett: That share generators are a nice adjacent business for us by less than a percent of revenue as we speak today. But given the track record of storms and other issues that have been experienced in the U.S. which is where we had that business predominantly we’re seeing increased demand for it. So, we’re again I think the early industry leader in share generator systems we have an extremely good relationship with one of the leading carriers and essentially seed us with opportunities. We build those opportunities and they’ll lease them up. So, I think it will be again a nice adjacent business line for us as we move forward.
Tom Bartlett: Sure. On the first question, I would say probably 30% to 40% of our sites have some form of LTE technology sitting on them today, and it varies by carrier as you would expect. And I think with regards to the rate in environment, it will vary by market. What we are trying to do now is really to leverage the position that we have in each one of those markets. And I think that gives us a very compelling positioning if you will in that market. And there’s certain transactions that I’ve been told that we weren’t even the high bidder on, but it was as a result of the people that we had in the market, the capability and the skills of the people that we have in the market that really positioned us to be able to close those particular transactions. And I think from a carrier perspective, particularly from a CTO’s perspective, they want to make sure that the assets are being put in the hands of people that can manage them, maintain them and grow with them and support their further growth in wireless broadband. So it's very difficult to say in terms of looking at kind of the interest rate environment and how that may play out, as I said I think it's critical for us to be as disciplined as we have been on all of these transactions and being able to look at all of these investments on a risk adjusted basis. I think that from a capital structure perspective we are uniquely positioned in terms of looking at our tenure and cost and so we could be in a better position than others. But at the end of the day it's going to be a function of where we think the value is and what kind of value we think we can create from these transactions. Hopefully that’s helpful.
Tom Bartlett: No, I just want to thank everybody for joining us on the call. And to the extent you have any questions or follow-ups please give us a holler. Thank you.
James D. Taiclet, Jr: And just to add to that Rick, it’s Jim. There is no clear substance of significant Clearwire future of new business for this year in the guidance at all either, so the point of exceeding MLA limits, when we speak of holistic or comprehensive master lease agreements, we should all know that those are very tightly negotiated as far as what the equipment limits are, how many sites you can be on at certain points in time, even spectrum constraints that some of these deals have been included in them, so we work with the carriers to help support their initial expectations of build out and as you can hear from some of the commentary really across all the sector calls that you’ve heard over the last week or so, we’re seeing additional needs by the carriers to be based on their success in bringing 4G handsets into the population. So, that’s where the over and above comes from. It’s that joint success between the carriers raising their revenues and operating profits through advanced data and our partnerships with them to support those network goals.
James D. Taiclet, Jr: Tim I will take the first one. This is Jim. Pricing is relatively stable for new colos build-to-suit, and amendments for the reason that we cited in the past which is the factors of production for the next best alternative to leasing a tower is building your own if you are a carrier. Those factors of production don't change that much. So, for a given unit of capacity, whether it’s weight or wind load on the tower or ground space, we have got pretty stable pricing and again the good news is the volume of those incremental units has been moving upward based on the success of 4G data deployments in the U.S. and 3G and 2G in other markets.
James D. Taiclet, Jr: This is Jim. We feel that our 22,600 towers that we bought and built mainly from original legacy 800 carriers are extremely well positioned for collocation and for future growth. The issue around U.S. M&A is not the growth profile which I think all the towers communicatory is strong; it's on your investment decision-making process and the availability of investment opportunities beyond the U.S. market. So what we do regarding U.S. mergers and acquisitions is we're very focused on the U.S. market first of all as I said is three-thirds of our revenue as we did the first industry consolidation in the U.S. with SpectraSite almost a decade ago. But we also need to make sure that we meet our investment criteria, and for U.S. assets frankly we look at the current performance profile which we think we understand very well with our existing asset base. We compare that to the characteristics of what may be on offer. And if the price point for sale makes that whole equation work based on our investment criteria, then we're going to go ahead and go through with the transaction. When you see it not go through with such transactions that means that we think that we're better off frankly buying stock at those acquisition prices than going through with the deal. So we do an apples-to-apples comparison of our tower base which is substantial versus what again maybe for sale and the purchase price of that if the math doesn’t work, we'll keep the money, spend it in other markets or as Tom said, repurchase our own stock.
James D. Taiclet, Jr: As we mentioned last quarter, I believe, we're going to be bringing Mexico into the REIT. It will be effective in the first quarter. That's the only one that we have planned bringing to the REIT at this point in time. We'll continue to look at some of the other properties. And that was largely driven by our ability to generate some cash tax savings in the local market.
James D. Taiclet, Jr: Mike, its Jim. Regarding the DAS or Distributed Antenna Systems, we're actually I think still the leader in numbers of indoor and outdoor DAS venues combined, it's about 300. It was about 250 in the U.S. and the balance outside U.S. actually. So we're actually globalizing that kind of business. But again, entry pricing is really important to us, so we've decided that based on the characteristics of DAS asset performance over time that a build strategy is more appropriate for us versus a large acquisition strategy for a number of these existing venues. And we actually have a partnership going into a couple of markets with major carriers to work together on these things as launch customers, which then gives us the head start on leasing others up later because of the good locations that we can collaborate with our carriers on to get started. So we're very interested in all this happening in the DAS business, but we invest in it in the context of a very successful and well understood macro state business which is the core of the company.
James D. Taiclet, Jr: And there are strong underlying trends as you pointed out. And mid-year, we'll look at everything, including our currencies are landing and give you all an update.
James D. Taiclet, Jr: Okay, Brett let me start with generally how our major master lease agreements were. By in large with some modest exceptions they don’t include new co-locations or global suites across these comprehensive agreements in general, again with a few small exceptions. And there is absolutely no decelerator based on the trend inside of each carrier of amendments versus co-locations. So, these are fixed escalators plus used rights over a period of X numbers of years that we have negotiated. And within those used rights again for the existing base of contracts, there’s some flexibility in there at which we’re getting paid for, for the (indiscernible), so no decelerators whatsoever. Getting back to small cells, we’re again very aggressive on some traditional DAS. The only difference between the newer small cell offerings in traditional DAS is that it's a mini base station instead of being fibered back to a central base station all via antennas. That still leaves a couple of issues for either DAS or small cells. First of all, from a carrier perspective while your initial equipment cost maybe similar so a macro sites runs about $250,000 for OEM equipment today. Small cells or DAS nodes could be sort of $25,000. So, if you do 6 to 10 cells, small cell instead of a big macro cell your equipment cost is about the same. That’s not the problem, the problem is soft cost upfront, much more expensive for either the tower company or the carrier itself to get the project zoned, construct is, building permits put in place, legal costs and longer duration of actually getting these things approved. And then the carrier faces higher operating cost afterwards. And again not so much from the leasing side necessarily, because I think the industry is pricing DAS leases up probably 100 or 200 basis points above the tower leases. So, it's actually a reasonable lease cost. But the issues around DAS that I would suggest are for the carrier more on backhaul, fiber connections or better to each of those kind of 10 cells versus one fiber connection to a tower, and they have also got added utility costs. There are more locations to the [truck rolls due] if anything goes wrong. The switching costs are higher. The storage costs in the back of the network are higher, and the handoffs are tougher to engineer. So, from a carrier’s perspective, the macro site tends to be again more of the priority, and we're focused on that but we’re also focused on the complementary aspect of small cells. And in the middle as you pointed out on rooftops, we’ve got about 3,000 rooftops sort of on offer today. We’re adding to those and getting some easements in place in other sites we don’t even have access to today. So, we’re active on all fronts I would say, but we’re mindful that the carrier’s ongoing operating costs are higher with small cells and that they’ll be introduced in an appropriate rate, in the appropriate geographies which tend to be pretty densely populated.
