Jim Taiclet: Michael, good morning, it’s Jim. We have said publicly couple of times in the past that given our really strong positioning both in the U.S. and in these major markets that we have selected overseas that we no longer have a sort of percentage revenue target that we are aspiring to, but rather given that widespread kind of aperture of opportunities that we are just going to pick the very best ones whether they are in the domestic market or they are in global markets. We have a really disciplined approach to that as you have seen conduct over the years and we have made investments over the last 12 months sizably in both sides of that equation. So, we will continue – we expect to do so. As far as separating the business, that’s not something we contemplated. We feel that there is incredible amount of management synergy, knowledge of how to do master lease agreements, our global financial and financing abilities were increasingly getting local currency debt in the number of markets, for example. So, we think that this is a strong global company and intend to keep it that way.
Jim Taiclet: We don’t see mesh networks or P-cells or small cells or Wi-Fi as a threat to our core business at all, because our core business is in rural and suburban environments with population densities under 5,000 people per square mile. That’s a really important demographic measures that you need to keep track on. And a crowd in Hong Kong is almost the opposite of a rural or suburban environment, because of the density of people that are in one place. Same can be said of Time Square during a summer afternoon when there are lots of tourists. And those are kinds of places where a lot of these technologies should be employed. The capacity requirement in an extremely targeted geographic area is so great that those technologies do make sense. 99.4% of our towers serve locations with less than 10,000 people per square mile and 95% of our towers serve places with less than 5,000 people per square mile. Those types of areas based on coverage and capacity, equations in RF physics and also on the economics of how many sites you would need to put together or to enable from a bad call and computing perspective to make a network operate in those kinds of topologies just it essentially insist that the towers is the correct solution if you do all the math.
Jim Taiclet: And David, it’s Jim. We will provide guidance for 2015 as Tom said in February and the reason we think it’s important to provide the guidance then is we have a lot more information on very specific carrier projections for CapEx plans, individual company sort of application flow with us and a lot of other data. So, we will provide the guidance specifically then. But we want to just remind everybody, we have run this company for 5-year, 10-year and 20-year time horizons and the overall trends we feel are going to support the 6% to 8% domestic core organic growth for us over certainly that 5-year and 10-year time horizon in our Q with everything we know today. There will be some ebbs and flows and individual and even collective carrier spending for market or country, but when you have the differentiation we have across major positions with all four national carriers in the U.S., in addition to that, we have tremendous diversity across regions, customers and technologies in our international segment. I think again, we can be very confident that between the 6% to 8% domestic core organic growth and 200 to 300 basis points above that again for that 5-year to 10-year time horizon, you are going to get a more stable output from AMT in any given year than you are going to get from sort of a portfolio that’s much more weighted to say one country whether it’s here in the United States or others. So, that’s how we run the business. And we do think that the consistent technology trends, the strength of the mobile operators, who whether they are in the U.S. or overseas are very, very sizable companies and also the fact that in the U.S. 85% of the people have to be served over that time. We are not going to see tremendous fluctuation in our growth rates anywhere.
Jim Taiclet: Sure. One of our served vertical industry initiatives has been rural employment. So, we have relationships both with the major carriers that are looking to do some of that work and their rural operator partners. There is a solid trend of deployment going on in these markets, but it is a complementary piece of our sort of massive core U.S. business. It’s not going to be an overwhelming part. So, definitely helpful along with some of our other verticals that we work with and constructive, but again it’s not overwhelmingly impactful, but positive. From voice-over-LTE perspective, the two leading national carriers in that are Verizon and AT&T. Verizon feels again we are just with – I would respect our customers who basically reflect their public statements. And so public statement from Verizon has been that they are finishing coverage, they are going to be launching the product over the next year or so. AT&T is in this similar sort of perspective with the commercial launch they say within the next year. So, the two carriers that will probably come out first with widespread VoLTE will be those two, but also T-Mobile has been working on it and we have sort of yet to hear from Sprint on that particular topic. So, over the course of 2015, I think you will see more advertising for this kind of product, more handset deployment that includes the technology that’s needed. And so it will take a few years to roll it all out, but it looks like it’s starting in 2015.
Jim Taiclet: Colby, this is Jim, there are often rumors of industry or operator consolidation whether it’s the U.S. or other markets. We have a solid understanding of what is in a number of scenarios, but we are not sure any of them are going to play out, so I think speculating on that right now is premature. And as we talked about we will provide guidance with all kinds of specifics around it in February for 2015. And the company’s public statement for last few years has been always for the mid and long-term that we expect 6% to 8% organic growth in the United States for the foreseeable future. So we will update that or be more specific I should say in February.
Jim Taiclet: And right, it’s Jim, you are right the purchase price is in reais, Brazilian reais, so your assumption is correct on the front.
Jim Taiclet: Well, we have not received a challenge historically on any of our deals, Ric, in any of the countries that we are operating in, but we can’t predict the future behavior of regulators, so I just can’t address what they might do, but in the past we have not dealt with any regulatory requests or changes to our proposed deals.
Jim Taiclet: There is a couple of things going on in coverage and capacity, Amir. And it’s again by major U.S. operators saw again to kind of summarize and integrate some of their public statements. So, Verizon as regards to LTE has said that it’s essentially got nationwide 4G coverage today and they have also made the point that they need to add capacity to that and they are doing it in a couple ways, one of which is to add AWS spectrum to a lot of the sites they have already deployed and so that’s further overlays on sites that were already overlayed with the original 700 megahertz spectrum, but part of that capacity also includes new transmission sites, which are co-locations for us. And so we have seen and I think they have said also that they are going to be deploying and have been deploying some more new sites for transmission in addition to those overlays. With AT&T, they are just about, again their public statement is up to about $300 million pops is essentially the LTE builders complete for them across the country. And they have already initiated a program to densify that network, they call that project, VIP and there is a number of aspects of that, which includes better sort of rural coverage, also density in urban and suburban areas to be able to handle more of the handsets that are being deployed through their customer base. The interesting thing about Verizon and AT&T is though the total market in the U.S. only is about 30% LTE handset penetration those companies are both about 50%. And so they need to kind of stay and get ahead of the handset deployment that their marketing teams are successfully accomplishing. Turning to T-Mobile, they have adopted what they call a challenger network strategy. And as of the third quarter, they said they had $250 million pops covered with that new network and they are rolling out LTE in 43 of the top 50 markets. So, that’s in process and they think again based on their public statement, they will have national coverage by the end of 2015. And again, I think you will see them, deploying different kinds of spectrum to get more capacity and density as time goes beyond that. And then Sprint has essentially successfully completed its first pass the network vision and now they are adding 2.5 gigahertz spectrum and 800 to that deployment. And so again, these are very long-term projects, they are multi-year, we think and the handset base won’t be sort of totally converted price at the end of the decade. And I think that you will see these companies having to match the handset deployment with the capacity improvement that’s going to have to go with that. So, we are very confident again about the 6% to 8% for the balance of the decade and probably beyond that.
Jim Taiclet: I mean, the only answer we can give you is they might be, because we have crafted over the last 10, 15-year period of time a way to evaluate tower assets that we applied both in U.S. and overseas. And that method of evaluation is very much in depth. There are some terrific people in this specific potential case in our U.S. tower operation that have been doing this as long as I have been here. And they know how to model the behavior and we actually learned from prior acquisitions we have done an actual activity in the network to re-inform our assumptions on a lot of these models. And so we sometimes win using this approach and we won with SpectraSite in 2005 and GTP just last year. For better or worse, as you pointed out, there have been a number of portfolios. We did not meet the requested or competitive purchase price and that includes AT&T, T-Mobile, Mobility, Tower Co., Global Signal, which is essentially the Sprint portfolio of towers. So, it all depends as you sort of were pointing out the combination of purchase price to either the market or the carrier request to trade that asset and the integration of all those terms and conditions that we model over a 10-year DCF of the terminal value. So, unless that entire equation, which is a very complex equation, works and meets our investment criteria, you won’t see us act unless it does meet that investment criteria. And then the other aspect of our global strategy is that, we have never felt and do not currently feel that we have to do a deal because it’s our last inorganic growth opportunity. We have got many, many inorganic growth opportunities currently and in the future whether they are in the U.S. or elsewhere and therefore we never feel boxed in to have to do a deal. So, it will all come down to the math with us, the terms and conditions and the purchase price integration.
Tom Bartlett: David this Tom, I will take them in order. First, to your first question relative to kind of the strength of our balance sheet and the strength of our ability to access the markets, I think our history kind of speaks for itself. I mean if you take a look at the transactions that we have done over the last year, we have added 14,000 towers in the last 12 months. And we have been able to manage that in a way that we have been able to de-lever, we have been able to continue to fund the business, continued to obviously increase even the rate of our dividend and de-lever in such a way that we ended the quarter at 5.1 times net debt to LQA EBITDA. So, I think relative to all of the transactions and candidly there are many transactions around the globe in addition to the two that you had just mentioned that it makes sense for us to look at. And as Jim mentioned we have used the same discipline in capital allocation strategy and investment thesis for 15 years. And so it has served us well. And we also have additional facilities we put in place. I mean, as I mentioned we have $3.5 billion of liquidity available. So, I think as we have talked in the past to the extent that the transactions are strategic and makes sense for us, we have told our investor base that we would be willing to use equity where if it makes sense, but we are very committed to our target leverage of 3 to 5 times net debt to EBITDA. We think long-term having that kind of quality balance sheet and investment grade capability giving access to market and lower cost of funds is one of our core foundational strengths that we have in our business. So, we have I think a lot of opportunity, a lot available to us in terms of being able to raise the kind of cash, if in fact those deals presented themselves.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, I would just add on to that, Brett, couple of things. First of all, is in my remarks I talked about us allocating about $3 billion of capital this year and just to kind of reinforce what Jim had said, I mean, $1.5 billion of that will be on acquisitions assuming the closure of the acquisition that we have pending down in Brazil, $1 billion on CapEx, and $0.5 billion plus relative to our dividend. So, again, it’s very consistent, it’s all simultaneous, it’s driving return on investment to our shareholders in terms of driving AFFO per share, driving accretion, driving value that way as well as complementing it with we think a very strong dividend. With regards to the dividend, we will pay out about 30% of our AFFO this year. We started the year with about $650 million of NOLs and will end the year with about $300 million of NOLs, which will probably get utilized over the next 18 months or so. So, as a result, we would expect over the next few years to be up in the 40% to 50% of AFFO payout. And again, that’s what’s driving the 20% plus growth in the dividend. And as you saw on the last dividend payment last quarter, it was 25% to 30%. So, we think that this whole balance in terms of being able to kind of really walk and chew gum at the same time driving top line good performance in the business as well as a solid growth into dividend really putting them together provides a really compelling return story. And it’s worked as Jim said for 15 years and we have stuck to that game plan and it’s all within the construct of having a very strong balance sheet and we think that’s going to position us really well going forward as it has in the past.
Tom Bartlett: Keep in mind that even if and we do have a couple of properties in the REIT mainly Costa Rica, Germany and Mexico. And even through the taxable income is generated there it doesn’t mean we have to bring back the cash from there to meet the dividend requirements. So no, we can use cash that’s generated in the U.S. to meet all of the REIT distribution requirements.
Tom Bartlett: Clearly, if we did move other entities into the REIT that would increase over taxable income and clearly the requirement for dividend but we don’t see that now. Ric we have tremendous amount of headroom on all of our tests. We think we have the right balance between what’s in the REIT and what’s not in the REIT and I don’t see any change to that in the foreseeable future.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. I mean on the BR – I mean first of all on the NII I mean we will continue to look at those. We are not going to be – we haven’t brought significant amount of them in, but we have the ability to kind of cherry pick which ones makes sense for us and so it’s been relatively immaterial in terms of any incremental activity on that front. And with regards to the BR acquisition, yes it’s right. I mean the currency is now at 2.45, I think to the dollar. We expect to again close that in the – sometime during the quarter, we have it included in our guidance Ric, so I just want to make sure that people understand that. And for 2014 or 2015 we will roll that out as part of our guidance when we rollout it out in February. So, we are continuing to be excited about the acquisition about that particular opportunity. We think it’s going to be a great set of assets for us going forward.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, sure, Simon. And I think in the last 3, 4 months, we have seen an increased amendment activity there. By the way, they are – in the U.S., they are up in the $700 to $800 range. So, they are again high-end kind of amendment activity. And I think it’s a function of a number of things. I think one of the questions we had before and some of the comments that Jim made relative to VoLTE, I think that we are seeing more activity from our customers gaining nationwide VoLTE coverage. And so as a result, we are seeing more radio heads, more electronics actually finding its way on to the platform. And I think we saw a lot of that activity as I said over the last 3 to 4 months. I would expect as we have seen in the past that that would again reverse once that coverage is in there and we would then move more to co-los, new leasing just as the carriers continue to fill in the some of the capacity elements. But over the last as I say several months as they have been trying to prepare for VoLTE roll-out, I think we have seen that impact and that’s come in the form of amendments.
Tom Bartlett: Well, as Jim said there are a couple that are kind of leading the way in terms of VoLTE and so I think you can assume that it’s more related to those.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. I mean Jonathan on the first question, yes I mean as had or always had expected we would see a slight uptick in maintenance CapEx in the Q4. I think it’s been pretty consistent that way for a number of years. So while we did increase our AFFO by $35 million we obviously don’t see it as high as we have thought, but there is going to be a slight uptick in maintenance CapEx. And relative to new leasing and amendment, it’s kind of interesting, because I know that’s from the analyst community that’s kind of a big deal in terms of how much is amendment, how much is new leasing. I mean for us it’s just a sign wave, it’s just trends. They are going to go through a significant amount of amendment activity as the coverage occurs and then as capacity needs are occurring, you are going to see the densification. From just this past quarter in the U.S. from an amendment perspective it is $700,000 to $800,000 for an amendment and the average new lease I think was probably in the $2,300 range. So, yes I get it from just more revenue coming from the Co-Lo, no doubt about it. But this is all just part of the migration plan and the network plans that the carriers will continue to deploy. And as Jim talked about I mean this is 4G is going to be the better part of it – of the decade. So we are going to continue to see these kinds of swings in terms of new amendments and new Co-Lo throughout the balance of the decade.
Tom Bartlett: That’s great. I really want to thank you all for joining us today. If there are any further questions, comments Leah and I are here to be able to take those. So have a great day. And again, thanks again.
