Tom Bartlett: Hey Michael, maybe I'll start and then, Rod can come in. What we'll come out with specific guidance, obviously in February of next year when we release earnings. But what we are seeing is, as we said on the last call, we expect that a pickup in activity from T-Mobile. So there is going to be one of the principal drivers of the pickup particularly early on in 2021. As we see the level of activity picking up in the latter half of 2020. So there are going to be one of the principal, I think drivers of that pickup. And with regards to kind of the C-Band question what we've seen historically, you've seen this as clearly as well being so close to us and to what the carriers are doing. They're going to be taking advantage and leveraging every last megahertz they have of the spectrum. And so I think that they're not going to wait specifically for the new spectrum to be deployed there. That's going to fit right into their strategy at C-Band deployment schedule is going to be over a multi-year. And so they're going to continue to build out their current 5G if you will, along the same kind of layered cake kind of spectrum capacity that we've talked about in the past. So we would expect that the carriers are going to continue to spend, continue to meet their own customers' needs, and they're doing it differently. As you well know, they're doing it across many different bands. But they're going to continue to deploy. So as I said, we'll provide more detail on that deployment in our Q4 call. But we're obviously, very bullish in terms of how we would see 2021. And Rod, you have anything to add.
Tom Bartlett: Well, I think as I mentioned before Ric. There are two escalators that are part of this agreement. As is typical with similar types of the agreement, we have the base escalator which we have in all as you well know in all of our agreements – master agreements which are in the 3% to 3.5% range. And that will stay fixed for the entire term of the contract. On top of that is our – what we call is our use fee or our second escalator that's on top of the base escalator. And that escalator allows then – and that on an annual basis, and it's and it's determined based upon the prior year, monthly or the ending year run rates. And that then allows T-Mobile to add equipment up to preloading agreements, up to certain rights on the agreement themselves. And that escalator is also in force over the lane of the contract. Now that second escalator unlike the first does decrease over time really as a result of the base getting bigger. So it's a slightly lower escalator that it's applied to a higher base to drive consistent rate of incremental growth. And so the comment was that I believe that it does de-escalate. And on that second escalator the way we think about that, that is in fact true. But it's really as I said, a function of that the base is getting bigger. And so you have a slightly lower use fee escalator being applied to it to keep a consistent rate of incremental growth, again, as part of the comprehensive or holistic agreement over the entire term of the agreement. So that I think, I'm trying to tie to connect the dots and tie it together. That's fundamentally how that agreement, both escalators will work.
Tom Bartlett: That's something that we are thinking about. I mean I've been spending time with Rod and Igor. So that's very, very possible Ric, just to give people a sense of what it might look like on a multi-year period given the churn that we are expecting in as a result of the, kind of the Sprint leases coming off. But that's very possible.
Tom Bartlett: We know, on the Dish question, I don't want to get into any specifics with them or as you would expect, we're in significant conversations with them, as we're always talking to customers. They've stated that they are looking to start to build out their network. I believe in the second half of the year, and so we want to make sure that we're there for them enable to service them to the extent that we can. So there are, candidly, a lot of conversation going on there. As I said that we'd like we have with all our customers. On the C-Band that's possible in anticipation of that spectrum being deployed, carriers getting ready to be able to participate in that. That's always an opportunity we believe. I'm not sure how material that would be, candidly, Ric at this point in time, it's hard to tell. The likes of Verizon, AT&T, I mean they deploy capital in a very regimented kind of measured way. And so it's hard to say that would materially change the timing or direction of growth rates. But it's very possible that there might be some acceleration of some growth as a result of that band in particular becoming available.
Tom Bartlett: We've – and by the way we have cable customers today. Again, I don't want to get any specifics there Ric, particularly as it relates to new entrants into the market. But we're obviously, I think well positioned to be able to service them to the extent that they go down that path.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. Hey Matt. Hey, thanks. Thanks for the question. I think on the contrary on international markets. I continually see incredible densification initiatives and new newbuild projects going on in just about all of the markets whether it's Mexico, Brazil, down in Latin America, Africa. We're seeing significant increases in demand for build to suit new co-locations orders. So I can go by market and I can see significant levels of increase in Colo orders as well as build to suit. As Rod said, I would continue to set records on build to suit activities. So I think that's just indicative of the amount of densification that's going on around the globe. With particularly in India, in India again, we hit on a gross basis kind of double-digit growth rates. And so what we see continued demand there. I think there has been a general slowdown overall, not just regards to COVID, but I think also with regard to clearing through a lot of the AGR, a lot of tax issues, I think that put a slowdown if you will. Some of the levels of the spend that the carriers were doing in the marketplace. But hopefully, much of that will be behind us and the carriers I now – I know are really starting to think about and move forward in terms of looking to increase kind of rates of growth going forward. COVID has impacted some of the build to suit activity in the marketplace in terms of getting permits and some of those types of things. And as you well know, I mean India has really struggled as much of the world. But in particular, India has struggled with COVID, particularly over the last several months. So I know that has actually slowed down some of the build to suit activity. But on the growth side, the market is very strong.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. Hey, thanks, Jon. We'll get in the specifics for 2021 and on our next quarter's call. I think as we've alluded to it, we've talked that we would expect an increase in the gross in the U.S. business. Michael if that wouldn't be before and I think it's a function of some of the activity that we're seeing happen with T-Mobile. And we're very bullish on what's going on in the U.S. markets. I mean not a lot of different fronts not just in terms of the new spectrum, new technology being deployed, but potential new entrants into the market continued growth in demand. Even though the realization process that the government is driving in terms of trying to ensure that broadband is therefore for all. I mean I think all of these would clearly give us a bullish sense of what we would expect in the U.S. market over the next couple of years. And in particular in 2021, just on top of the ongoing demand that we see going on from a network usage perspective. Internationally, in each of the markets we – just in terms of guidance for 2020, I mean all of the markets are up from a revenue perspective. As I mentioned before they're significant densification efforts going on in all of the markets. You can always go market-by-market and look at various metrics, and you can – you can see that there is a significant new infrastructure that needs to be added. New sites that need to be added in those markets to be able to support the growth that they have going on in those markets. And so, as we've always said, and as you well know, the international markets are a couple of technologies behind generally. And so – and without any really strong wireline capability, and so on – and a pandemic even the market, the world that we're living in today there's even more of a demand for wireless infrastructure in those markets. And so, I think all of that gives a good backdrop for what we would expect growth to look like in the internationally in those markets. We've always said it's going to be 200 basis points to 300 basis points faster than we're seeing in the United States. And if you take a look at even in Q3, you look at Latin America; you look at Africa they're all up in the kind of 7% to 8% range. And so, it's – the model works. I think the strategy works and we're very bullish in terms of what we're expecting to see in our international markets over the next several years.
Tom Bartlett: I mean, I think we have. I mean Rod can give the one. I mean India was up a bit. We've seen continued growth in the India marketplace from a couple of the large carriers there. So there's an outsized, probably piece of that 5,500 that is there. And as Rod mentioned, we're getting double-digit rates of return right out of the gate. We're seeing also significant demand in Africa. In Nigeria – markets like Nigeria, Uganda, some of the markets there we're seeing upticks in the overall build to suit the activity. Brazil is a market we've always talked about. It's been indeed probably twice as many sites in the market as they are today. I think to be able to meet the demand and provide a good quality signal, and so we're seeing increased demand for site builds in Brazil as well. So it's a bit of a mix across the three of them I'd say. And I'm hopeful that we're going to be able to see continued increases in rates that built the suit going forward. It's our best rate of return capital dollars spent in the business. And so, we work very closely with our carriers to be able to kind of maximize that category of CapEx.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. Sure. No, Tim. The churn in the – as we said multi-year, three to four years that you would expect to see a lot of that churn flush through. So hopefully that will give you a sense of the time period on that. Europe has always been a market. We've been looking at Europe for, and getting deeper into the region for many, many years. And we've always struggled from a valuation perspective and a growth perspective. We think of the U.S. business being the largest driver of cash flow as kind of the developed market and create a consistent rate of growth. And then we've looked at our Europe, our international markets candidly as ways to increase the slope of the curve from a cash flow growth perspective. And so we're willing and have been able to take some higher levels of risk if you will going into international markets using significantly higher risk-adjusted hurdle rates. But really is a function of the core U.S. business. And so when we take a look at Europe as being somewhat – more of a developed market, the growth rates have just not been particularly strong. I mean the beachfront properties that we have in France, and Germany and now just entered into Poland; the growth rates have been in the 2% to 4% kind of rate of growth. And so when we think about allocating capital that generally hasn't been overly exciting, candidly in terms of the overall rates of growth. And then when we take a look at the underlying valuations for a lot of the assets in the particular markets, we really struggle with some of the growth expectations that you would have to realize to be able to support some of the underlying valuations for those assets. Now, we're – given the size and kind of the scope of American Tower, we're part of every deal that goes down in the region. And so, we're watching it very closely. We're participating in certain areas. As you said, we're undersized, I guess, relative to some of the – to Cellnex, for example, in the marketplace. But that's okay. I mean we're – that doesn't bother me in terms of our presence. We're going to continue to look at a deal by every deal on its own and take a look at the underlying variables of the deal and expectations of the deal and to the extent that the ROI and the NPDs can be sizeable. We'll look to participate in it and see kind of where we land in terms of being successful there. But just because we're relatively under sized versus the other players in the marketplace that doesn't concern me at all. We're all here about creating AFFO per share growth and ROIC growth, and to the extent that they can contribute to those two variables. We're going to weigh in and participate. So, we'll see where that lands over and it will continue to develop. There are a lot of assets, as you said. They're going to be coming up on the marketplace. There are a lot of large carriers, who are looking to monetize their assets. So, there very well could be some opportunities there. And as I said, we'll just take a look at them one at a time.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, Dave, I mean, I don't think that's the case candidly. I think given the real estate that we have and the sites that we have, we're quite comfortable that the carriers are always going to have to come to us. I mean, that's kind of the beauty of the business that we have and the real estate that we have. I mean, we're always in negotiations with all the carriers. We're trying to meet their needs along the way is any typical kind of lesser or lessee kind of a relationship, but I don't think there's any real credence to the fact that there's leverage that's created as a result of moving or not coming onto our sites. I mean, we have a very long-term view of our business, of our customer base. We think that I think that's indicative of kind of the 15-year agreement that we put in place with T-Mobile. We think that, as we said in the past, that these types of master lease agreements are incredibly strategic and important to us for a number of reasons, not just to driving sizable predictable growth, but we also see really very sizable growth overall as a result of the additional right to use kind of base escalator. Historically, if you look at ATC in the United States, we've garnered, we generated over 50% of the new business in the United States on a fairly consistent basis. And so, I think that's indicative of the types of relationships that we have with our carriers over time. Are there always other issues in terms of some of the negotiations, sure we get some high priced sites, sites that have been out there for a very long period of time that have escalators on them. And we work very closely with the carriers then to try to bring those back to market, but then generating other types of value for us over a long time. So we're in constant – I'm in constant conversations with our U.S. customers. And so, I don't see that kind of activity. And if it does, as I said, it would be noise and it would not impact the way we think about our business or the way we strike kind of long-term lease agreements with any of our customers.
Tom Bartlett: Right. No, no, I appreciate it. Thanks for the question. I tried to cover that in some of my prepared remarks. I mean, it's the highest level. We're really trying to create tower like communications infrastructure business models. They really augment, if you will, the value of our existing assets, expand our revenue base beyond the traditional tenants if you will and expand our role in that whole delivery system. It's all about extending the platform. And clearly part of that platform is that compute capability. And so, we're looking as part of that platform and the compute transport functions and really trying to create ways of being able to incrementally provide service to our customers. And so, if you think about kind of our longer term views of it, we're candidly looking at okay of the 40,000 sites in the United States, which could all be considered edge compute locations. It is at the edge. It is at the very edge of the edge if you will. How many of those sites would fit well in terms of fitting them out to be able to support the number of enterprise accounts, to support hyperscalers, to supplier data centers in ways where we can provide and be really part of that process to provide lower latency types of applications. And at each one of those sites then given kind of the real estate that we have, how many shelters can we put at each one of those locations, how much power can we drop into each one of those shelters and how many comes down to how many cabinets can we load up in each one of those new shelters? And so, we're looking at sites that potentially can hold two or three shelters, each shelter holding 8 to 10 cabs each providing 100 kilowatt of power into each one of those shelters themselves in a way that it can provide them kind of really an on-ramp for accounts in that particular location into the wireless world. And so, the models that we have and the trials that we have right now are trialing exactly that. And looking at then what are the price points for each one of those cabinets, can we get a traditional kind of $1,900 to $2,000 per cab in each one of those locations. How stackable are the shelters going to be? And then – and really looking at what that demand is. And so, we have several proof-of-concepts that we're working on in tandem with some potential partners and actually are looking at those now in front of certain enterprises to be able to determine really what is the opportunity there. In terms of how far we go along the kind of the value prop scale, that to be determined. Clearly, we have co-location in real estate, so those are kind of given. Then the question is, okay, how far do we go up the stack and then how do we provide those kinds of capabilities? As I mentioned in my remarks, it's not like we're looking to hire 1,000 software engineers or 2,000 sales reps to start selling into enterprise accounts and providing them access to cloud-based services. That's not our skill set. And so we would look to augment our capabilities with other capabilities to be able to jointly provide what we think could be a very interesting value proposition to the enterprise accounts around the country. So, time will tell. However, this is in early stages now. As I said, we're really dedicated. We have a number of resources dedicated to try to understand what this is, what the CapEx requirements are going to be at the site location and really again to come back to driving tower like communications infrastructure business models. So that's it, and kind of a short – a couple of sound bites. And you'll continually hear more and more about our strategy there as it develops and as we continue to go down the journey.
Tom Bartlett: As I mentioned before, traditionally our international markets are a couple of technologies behind where they are in the United States. Having said that though, I think one of the real advantages that we bring to a venture is our global reach and the lack of really processing capability in many of our emerging markets that we have today. And so, while I think the strategy will probably more – will initially develop in the United States. I think the real value, ultimately, particularly as the – as the world shrinks. And as the cloud learns – we'll connect this off and does move to the edge. I think that our global reach is actually a real interesting element to what, as I said, we bring to the party. And so, it's difficult to say how the outside of the United States market might develop. We might find in certain markets that it may develop more quickly and that the kind of the edge compute capability turns into more than just in edge. You may be able to cluster certain edges to provide more of a metro data facility. Again – and particularly in areas of the world where there really isn't a lot of data center presence. So it will be very interesting question and one we're kind of getting our arms around and understanding exactly what are the benefits as a result of having that global reach? I think candidly that they're significant and we'll try to leverage that as much as we possibly can.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. No, thanks. Let me start and Rod to get in to add any additional color. On the straight line, I mean, it's – we're just refining the calculations as you might expect. It's a very complicated calculation. And so, it was just a kind of refinement of the calculation as that we were able to do. So there's nothing remarkable, I think, going on with regards to the actual straight line calculation. And with regards to your other question, I mean, all of our contracts are designed to take more than our fair share of the business. And as I mentioned before, historically in the United States we've captured over 50% of the new business in the United States. And so our contracts are designed to do that, but in a way that's providing a meaningful capability and service to our customers. And so with regards to the agreement that we put in T-Mobile, we are absolutely, we believe more strategic to them. We're working side-by-side with them on a number of different initiatives as we typically do when we enter into these types of relationships. Clearly, there is a desire for them to one to put more equipment on our sites as a result of the fact that they're already paying for it. And so, as a result of that, we would think that we would get an outsized part of their business. And so this is no different. And so to the extent that there's acceleration, there are different initiatives that they're looking to undertake, which knowing T-Mobile, we would expect so. We would hope that we would be really in the catbird seat in terms of being able to pick up a lot of that incremental business. And that's, as I said, historically, what these kinds of comprehensive holistic master lease agreements have really positioned us to be able to take advantage of that we hope so.
Rod Smith: Yes. I'll add a couple of things. Good morning, Michael. Thanks for the question. So the pickup that we are seeing going forward really is centered on T-Mobile as Tom alluded to. So, everybody knows that there was a slowdown from T-Mobile that began late in 2019 as they prepared for their merger with Sprint that persisted through most of 2020 to date. So that – now that we're lapping that, we've got a base of growth to grow from and that was the new T-Mobile deal, we have contracted levels of business going into 2021. So we do see an acceleration there. The other carriers have been pretty consistent through 2020, so that's been good to see this year so far. And then related to the churning part of your question, we do see that churn for T-Mobile happening over a multi-year period. It really will begin in late 2021, and go out for a few years, about four years. And we'll talk more about that Michael when we give guidance in February.
Rod Smith: And Tom, if I could just add a couple of points there. So on the organic tenant billings growth, we did have a basically a flat organic tenant billings growth for the quarter in India. But we had about 2.3% added through the newbuild program that Tom just mentioned. So we built just shy of a thousand towers in India in the quarter. And I'll just remind everyone that in India, our day one returns on those new bills are solidly in the double digits. So even close to 14 %.
Rod Smith: And Jonathan, I'll just give you a few numbers here to support Tom's comment. So of the 5,500, India is going to be the lion's share of that probably close to 3,500. In Latin America maybe around 500. In Africa, you can think of that as about 1,300 or so in that range and handful in Europe, maybe 40 in Europe and in a small number in the U.S.
Rod Smith: Hi, Tim. Tim, I think the other part of your question was the breakdown of the sites that we acquired in Q3, so we acquired a little over 300 sites in Q3. 195 of those were in France through our arrangement with Orange, which we've talked about in the past. And then there was an additional block here in Chile and Peru, which are our additional tranches with the – on the Intel agreement that we have. So that makes up the majority of that that 305. So it's really in France, Chile, and Peru.
Rod Smith: Sure, Dave. I think you're referring to the Q3 numbers. So, the non-run rate items, they're primarily in India. We had a few settlements in India about $25 million worth of settlements in India that will not be recurring that were in our Q3 numbers.
