Tom Ray: No, we really haven’t – you know, the competitive dynamic really plays out much more so in the undifferentiated area and there are – the difference between performance sensitive and undifferentiated is not a bright line and so there are some pieces of our business that I think have just not been impacted – the margin, the rent, the cross connect revenue per unit it’s just not been impacted and there are some other portion of the business that has been impacted over the last few years by competition. And all that said, I think we’ve gotten better and better and I do think our results show that we’re capturing a greater share of the more valuable stuff. The really issue is, the second half of the year we didn’t sign big deals and we believe that we will sign more of them again this year.Jordan Sadler – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. Thank you for the time.
Tom Ray: We agree very, very strongly, Jonathan. And at the highest level we believe very strongly that the enterprise requirement, the cloud capability and the network capability are really three legs of a datacenter stool if you will, it’s no one is as profitable or as deep of a pool as bringing all those together. And we are convinced that on the network side of that equation SLA-based secured, private connectivity is currently vital to a number of workloads and applications and will increase quite dramatically, so, you know, you saw us attack that with the Open Cloud Exchange, it’s a Ethernet-based offering that provides an SLA private, dedicated, secure and rapid ramp-up solution. We are clearly aware of MPLS capabilities around the space in the network, we’re clearly aware of private IP and both in terms of the services that we offer, the solutions we offer around those technologies and in terms of our targeting of our customers and the anchors in our malls, we’re keenly aware of that and it’s a very high focus for us. And I would say, we feel like we’ve had a lot of success at it and we’re in very healthy conversations with the right people, the right groups, who drive this going forward and we’re very excited about 2014.
Tom Ray: No, it’s an executive level conversation, it’s a platform level discussion for us and it has been for a number of years and nothing about that has changed. Jonathan, I didn’t really understand your question about the – is it an issue with the larger deals, can you explain that a little more.
Tom Ray: Yeah, I would look at it differently, you know, Jonathan, I think the one or two cabinet deployment discussion that is not highly strategic to the customer is not a C-level discussion. What I mean is, look, if you’re going to – if Verizon is standing up private IP or our great relationship with Time Warner around their scalable products, their private and secure products, those deployments might be in a handful of cabinets but the discussion around the companies partnering together over those handful of cabinets across the platform that is an executive level discussion.
Tom Ray: Well, I think that our approach to NY2 specifically is – and there’s no change to what we said in the past, it’s a big building and so it’s economically rational for us to drive sales with more volume early and we will cast a wider net as we do that and that wider net will have some deals that get done at less attractive margins and then as you get more of the capital generating revenue and EBITDA then you get increasingly selective. And so in the early days we’re very focused on strategic execution in New Jersey in exactly the same way we have been and remain across the rest of our portfolio. There are very specific clouds and there are very specific not only networks but network solutions that we’re targeting – you know that we’re targeting to get into the building and many of which have already committed to come to the building. And then beyond that, in the early days, we will do more undifferentiated type transactions and then as we get more of that fold we’ll get increasingly selective and look to drive the same store and that’s the same movie that’s played out in every asset we built over the last 14 years.
Tom Ray: Yeah, firstly, entirely fair question and frankly that we’re asking ourselves that question, is what led to our deep dive at the end of Q4 and led to our approach now to 2014 that we’re very excited about. And I think on the trail just what we’ve seen is some turnover from folks who had opportunity – if you’re head of sales you get the opportunity the CEO of XO Communications, there’s not much you can do about that after you hire them and if that person takes a key person that’s worked with him for 14 years, you know, that’s going to happen. The key is making sure that the people we bring in are extraordinarily excited about being at CoreSite in the role that they – and the opportunities at CoreSite and that they’re attuned to the size of our business and the method of working that fits well with that. And we’re incredibly excited about Steve, he’s just – he’s been here long enough for us to really know that we found something wonderful there. And as to the rest of the sales and marketing team, frankly most of that organization has been here for a little while and were either promoted up to or in some cases promoted back into roles they had two years ago, so that’s a pretty well-known quantity. And we just feel it’s effective and efficient and highly visible. And again, we are sincerely excited about next year, but your question is valid and that’s how we think we’re moving the needle going forward.
Tom Ray: Well, you know, look, I think over time I would expect New York or New Jersey NY2 to be substantially similar to the Bay Area in Virginia. I would say, we disclosed, we signed 14 deals and some component of that are a little bit larger sized deployments obviously not too large because we didn’t get really large deals in Q3 or Q4 but a little bit larger size requirements with aggressive pricing. But another portion of the ’14 and a meaningful portion of the ’14 are those advance network deployments in those case there’s sometimes the two cabinets are free, and so, look – it’s very, very early to NY2, we’re building the components that we devalue but I would expect the overall ARPU and EBITDA per dollar capital NY2 to be not dissimilar to our other major markets.
Tom Ray: And the issue on the sales side is most of the those bodies are here but many of them are new so they’re still on ramp and they’re not yet productive and, you know, in the prepared remarks we said we expect in place quota coverage to increase 35% by the end of the year. And that’s really a function of a lot of the headcount that here burning in and getting off of ramp and picking up their quotes. And we have, I think, probably 50% more bodies to land in the seats in the sales – code bearing sales engine that are in place now. I would also say we have open racks and a lot of those are in interviews or offering letters go out the doors. So, look, we expect to be pretty well staffed across sales this quarter and expect productivity to ramp in through the year.
Tom Ray: I haven’t seen any difference in cross-connect pricing for the last – I don’t know how many years, Dave, you know, three, five, seven, eight, whatever. I mean, the big guys, the big customers with lots of cross-connects have always received very attractive volume discounts and I think they’ve received them from us and from all of our competitors, no matter how you rank the competitor. And I think I haven’t seen those discounts really change. They are deep and attractive and they haven’t changed. And the retail rate for the customer who takes a handful across mix, I haven’t seen that under pressure.
Tom Ray: We disclosed our cross-connect volume growth rate. I don’t know if we put in our prepared remarks – this is something we just forgot but we have been communicating that every quarter and we are happy to continue to do so. And so I was just encouraged the modeling to assume that the average price remains constant and the historical trend around volume has been very consistent on the trail. And we will continue to update you every quarter on what that further trend is but it's been remarkably – the growth rate of volume has been remarkably steady for quite some time. I don't see industry dynamics that point to that changing. You will have to model whatever you think you should model. But the industry seems to be in line and we will continue to update that metric every quarter.
Tom Ray: Well, yes but importantly it’s a function of the number of competitors with enough capacity to compete for business. So there are brokerage reports that come out each year from the larger real estate brokerage firms and they point toward a more favorable supply and demand dynamic in terms of total megawatts of supply versus trailing annual absorption. Those point to some strengthening in Virginia right now or in the Bay Area and in Virginia right now. I think our current experience is different than that. It's not negative, it’s not declining but it is – there are still a lot of competitors with enough capacity. And so I just think as long as that remains the case you’re not going to see rent growth by any material component.  I do think that development – especially spec development has decelerated somewhat and I think that could point toward a more favorable environment in 2015 as some of the competitive with previously built spec stage there is now, running out of capacity and I think there could be a more favourable environment coming around next year.
Tom Ray: I think that it’s consistent with the past Jonathan. The really good deployments, the sophisticated providers, create long-term value, have been very competitive quite some time and remain very competitive. Undifferentiated is very competitive, there's been that others thought -- don't know -- the companies that come to a data center we are provider, because the Yankees that there have been place and I think pricing around those, experience is it’s firm.  The smart guys have always thought really hard for the anchors. It’s bought comments you a data center provider. It’s been fierce, it doesn’t hang of the aggregate, it hasn’t changed in 10 years. it remains fierce. Once you have the anchor, the pricing around the in-line store that comes with the anchor has been very steady.Jonathan Atkin – RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much.
Tom Ray: Well, first I want to be clear about what we are seeing, we say big deals, we are not talking about super wholesale. For us the big deal was that 3000 feet to 10,000 feet deal. And I guess two dynamics around that. One is we used to get a fairly steady stream of that from our systems integrator vertical. I think we’ve got a good CAGR [ph] closer to it last year. And then of the other verticals, I think we have – I think in years past we have executed extremely well around those. Our statistics suggest we didn't do as well in that last year, and I believe that our ability to do that in the market for that going forward remains as attractive, no more, no less than it has been for the last 5 years. We just had a softening in our execution numbers and we feel good about get them back.
Tom Ray: Just to be clear, I believe that we stated that he will receive severance benefits under this employment agreement. That’s what you are going to get.
Tom Ray: It’s just pure lumpiness. We just few built really big buildings in two markets in Virginia and in New Jersey. So we just don’t need to go more there until the following year most likely. And then we still have – we think a year of inventory less in [indiscernible]. So it’s just purely a cyclical dynamics of developing a scale.
Tom Ray: Thank you and thanks everybody for joining the call. As we look at 2013 and the rearview in ‘14 going forward – in ‘13 we’re pleased with the expanding margin, we’re pleased with the expanding profitability and ROI. From a sales perspective we are pleased with cloud and network – enterprise and other verticals were fine and systems specifically have a lot of demand. Going forward we really believe that we have a great team, most of that team on the marketing side actually use tenure. And we’re very excited about Steve, and frankly very excited about all the support quota bearing reps and all the support that we built around them. So we took a hard look at the end of the year because we didn't accomplish what we expected to in terms of total sales volume in the second half of the year. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we believe we can, should and will accelerate into ’14. So look, it's our obligation to produce the results. Rhetoric and anecdotes frankly I don’t think are relevant and we are very focused on the simplicity of blocking and tackling and producing numbers. And we'd like the investment community to watch the year unfold. Thanks for your time. Thank you for your support. 
Jonathan Schildkraut – Evercore Partners: Okay. Great. Because that is not something that we were previously modeling. I have a question for you, Tom. Just in terms of cloud, cloud development and CoreSite’s role in that process. You know, one of the things that we’ve seen, I think, sort of really high with cloud adoption is that there has been a ton of elastic compute if you will but more of a hybrid cloud has turned into a handful of SaaS based applications and then maybe cloud-based – proprietary cloud-based storage and a lot of that is occurring currently over the public internet and I think that over time there’s a vision here that you’re going to need higher security and higher performance and so I was just wondering how CoreSite plays into that and if that line is up with your perspective on cloud evolution? Thanks.
Jonathan Schildkraut – Evercore Partners: Great. As a follow-up question to that in terms of who the right folks are as you yourself, that value proposition, because we’re probably now talking about very large scale, you know, couple of cabinets, in order to provide that secure connection to give the high performance reach to the SaaS applications. Is that a sales process that goes through, you know, the network administrator or is that a C-level conversation for you guys and does that create a challenge for you as you look to add more some of the large footprint stuff, is it the same audience that you’re talking to or is it a different audience? Thanks.
Jonathan Schildkraut – Evercore Partners: Oh, I was just saying that, you know, one or two cabinet level discussion often doesn’t have to be a C-level discussion in the sale process and if you’re doing a large footprint deal that’s usually a C-level discussion. I was just trying to understand where the sales emphasis was, what are the same –
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning, guys. Tom, in the past you have talked about sort of staffing difficulties especially in the enterprise segment and you kind of had this discussion on stabilizing the go-to-market platform a couple of times now, what changes the sun runner, you know, made what changes in your search for those sales people you discussed or otherwise.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for that, Tom. Maybe focusing on New Jersey for another second. In your prepared remarks you discussed that those leases were – let’s call them – more highly incentivized than some others because you want to get those anchor tenants in there. How far off are those from sort of where you think a run rate or a stabilized rate would be for the asset.
Unidentified Analyst: And thanks. Just staying in New Jersey for one more second. Jeff, if we’re thinking about the operating expense ramp especially as you deliver another 35,000 square feet coming up here, when do those operating expenses have less of a detriment on your numbers or how, I guess, should we think about the yield increase stabilizing in that phase of [indiscernible]
Unidentified Analyst: It’s Austin Morrison [ph] here with Jordan. Just had two quick ones. Is the reduced data center developments in 2014, is that coincidental based on your applicable inventory today or is that – the overall industry dynamic I believe it's less than of 2013.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s helpful. And then just lastly could you provide with the backlog on signed, but not yet coming on fleet to on a cash flow basis.
Jeff Finnin: Well, I think as you look through 2014, obviously we’ll be bringing on those last two – or the incremental two will return this quarter. Essentially we have to staff that data center with the facilities and operations capability that we need from day one and so those dollars would be incurred here as we start the year. In terms of ultimately how do those – that’s stabilization, that’s occurring at the beginning of the year ultimately the objective being, as we continue to lease it up, to begin covering those operating expenses as we get through 2014.
Jeff Finnin: I think it’s pretty full staffing on day one but we don’t – at this point we don’t envision adding incremental capacity other than the two computer rooms that we’re talking about in Q1 and so essentially at that point we’re pretty well staffed with our people, as we hit the 2014.
Jeff Finnin: And Barry, just to give you some granularity around that. I think in the past we’ve always disclosed, it’s been right around the mid to high teens and that's fairly – fiber cross connects in the mid to high teens.
Jeff Finnin: Hey Jon, we have given this in the past, I just don’t think we included it in the script today. But in the fourth quarter we had 41 transactions out of our total of 12 of 2200 that were multi-market deals, that’s an increase year-over-year in about 40%. But that’s fairly consistent with what we’ve seen in Q2, Q3 and Q4 in terms of number of deals that have been multi-market. Jonathan Atkin – RBC Capital Markets: And then real quickly on pricing for kind of interconnect “retail high deals” compared to this behaviour are you seeing any changes in folks that you are competing with on those requirements.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, overall Tayo, Jarret [ph] as what a few of us have – are subject to employment agreements and just due to the reason for the departure there was some charges associated with some accelerating of some equity compensation primarily is what that charges related to. And so we will disclose that a little bit further in the 10-K that will be filed here in the near term.
Jeff Finnin: Tayo, I think the thing to think about as we look into 2014 when we talked about our rent growth is when you look at our expirations that are currently scheduled in 2014 the dollar amount that we disclosed upon the expirations is about $152 per square foot. And so that number as compared to where we've been finding new and expansion deals, it’s just slightly under that number. I think if you look at all of 2013 our comments came in about $157 all in for 2013.  So when you look at that, you can see the moderation just to give you some data point. Last year when we entered 2013 that dollar per square foot of explorations is about $117. So it's subject to not only market but also relative to the pricing at expiration of the individual leases.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, the GAAP basic that I gave in prepared remarks was up 4.3 million, that on a cash basis is $8.4 million heading into 2014.
