James D. Taiclet: Sure, Simon. Thanks for the questions there. First of all, in the acquisition environment, we're positioned, as I said, both operationally and financially, to look at every asset opportunity that comes available, and that would include T-Mobile. In that case, it's a fairly sizable portfolio, and we would reserve the right to potentially use a mix of cash and stock if we were to go forward with something like that. But again, we're going to use the same disciplined approach we always have. And as I've said in the past, that we've said no to more deals than we've actually said yes to. And we'll apply that same discipline if the T-Mobile towers come up. Secondly, with respect to T-Mobile, we are pleased to see in their earnings release just last night that Deutsche Telekom indicated a formal commitment to deploy LTE in the U.S. But as Tom said, and has been our practice, we haven't included any impact from that in our guidance. And we'll introduce it when and if we have a clear picture of T-Mobile's rollout schedule and site configuration later, sometime this year. With respect to Clearwire, same story. We don't have a plan that we're working through with them at the detail level yet. And if we do, we'll include that in the guidance and we'll let you know.
James D. Taiclet: Sure, Dave. I mean, you have to look at the geography and the topology of the overall network, right? So again, the majority -- and this is our customers speaking to us as we understand it, the majority of that topology is going to be covered by the macro site network, including rooftops, right. And the complement to the areas where the towers or the rooftops can't quite reach, can be DAS systems, indoor or outdoor, by the way. And we, at American Tower, are in the business of having a complete, what we call, suite of solutions for the customer. So we feel really comfortable right now with what we've done, developing that suite, which is the tower position we have with the classic towers we've got, the leading Indoor DAS business in the country. And we've also got an organically developed and efficiently developed, I would say, Outdoor DAS capacity that we're able to branch right off from the indoor team. So we can offer all those solutions and we have put in Outdoor DAS systems selectively, and we're actively offering it. We've got 270 DAS systems up and running today in 3 countries, actually. And still, our customers are telling us it's a complementary solution.
James D. Taiclet: Jason, it's Jim. Regarding India, earlier this morning, I just spoke to our India leader for an update. And essentially, with the ownership task, that decision has been put on hold, as it's called in India. Which means that higher level government officials have deferred any discussion of this particular topic for sometime in the future. And as a result, I think this is unlikely to ultimately pass and won't be any kind of a near-term issue for American Tower.
James D. Taiclet: And that takes us right to the pace of opportunities, Mike. And frankly, it takes 2 or 3 years to be in region to get credibility with the counterparties in the countries that you want to deal with. And so we paid our dues in that way in India. We paid our dues in that way in Latin America for 10 years. And we paid our dues for 3 or 4 years in EMEA and, specifically, in Sub-Saharan Africa. Getting to know them, get credibility with these customers, who then in turn are willing to do large transactions with you, which we have absolutely just completed a couple of, what I would consider, top-shelf deals with some really attractive carriers. 2,500 towers in Mexico, as I said, with Telefónica. We've just recently agreed to do a joint venture with Millicom. Again, 2,000 towers plus in Colombia, which we think is a very attractive place. Our Ghana operation that we started with MTN, I'm very optimistic about because of the leasing opportunity and the strength of MTN's position there as far as their portfolio. And we went ahead and expanded that partnership to Uganda already. So we feel that we're getting the deals we want with the counterparties that we like the best in the countries that we're targeting. It takes time, and you have to be deliberate and disciplined about it. But we don't necessarily see a dearth of opportunities, but we're going to keep that discipline and only take the ones we really think are right.
James D. Taiclet: Lukas, stabilization isn't something we've seen yet in wireless infrastructure real estate, frankly. These towers, if they're well located and they have the capacity in the tower and on the ground, can be up to 7, 8, 9 customers per tower. Now that's not the endpoint for the whole portfolio, But there really isn't necessarily a limitation that you can identify as sort of an asymptotic ending to the growth curve. So our goal is to keep the pacing going of what we call lease-up and add incremental tenants and amendments to the towers at the most robust rate we can. And again, I don't think there's a asymptotic end stage to the growth rate in any of the countries.
James D. Taiclet: Well, we have a business model for each and every acquisition or build that we do. And specific to individual towers, what we do, Lukas, briefly is, we get an understanding of who's on the tower when we build or buy it. So some of their launch tenants or the base tenants we have. And then we look at how many licenses are in the area that aren't on the tower and how strong is the signal strength, if there is any signal at all with those other licensees. And so as licensees have to have denser networks, they may end up on our tower some day. As the original customers need more equipment, there'll be amendments. And as new licenses get distributed from the governments, you're going to have new entrants and they're going to need space, too. So we have assumptions in our business models on all those dimensions and they're very specific, in some cases, by individual tower. And that's how we run the business. So for us, the annual guidance is really the best way to look at the company and saying, okay, given this time frame of, say, 2012, all those assumptions rolled across 45,000 towers gives us the guidance that Tom laid out. And next year, we'll try to maximize it again. And the year after that, we'll try to maximize it again. But a lot of those parts are moving. The technology is moving. The signal density requirements are moving. The number of iPads and iPhones is moving in each market and the number of licenses is often moving. So these are things that we need to refresh every year for you and we do.
James D. Taiclet: Jonathan, the ability to forego zoning to colocate or augment a customer's existing space on the tower was our #1 regulatory priority, for say, 3 or 4 years. And I'm really proud of PCIA, which is our industry association, and Steve Marshall, who's our representative on there to help get that included in the legislation. Having said that, it's going to accelerate our ability to colocate on our existing sites. That will be a good thing. Time lines will be shorter. Amendments will come on quicker. And so that will be therapeutic to our growth rate as will it be therapeutic to other tower companies' growth prospects. It's not going to change our capital allocation process, though. If we see in practice that there's acceleration of colos and amendments, which we fully expect from this, will weave that into both acquisition and new build decisions, and we'll treat them similarly with those new assumptions.
James D. Taiclet: Well, advocating the public safety network was our second highest regulatory priority over the last few years. And again, with the joint effort with the other tower companies in our association, hopefully, we're a little bit helpful in getting that approved. That's a long-term project, however, and probably will not have immediate impact on 2012. But if something happens quickly we'll, again, update you over the course of the year. But it indeed could be another national network. It'll probably be done in, I would expect, in partnership with some existing wireless carrier, so it would be efficiently rolled out on behalf of the government, and we'll be fully participating in that when it happens.
James D. Taiclet: That's great, everybody. We appreciate all of your attention. If you have any follow-on questions, please give Leah and/or I and her team a call. We will, obviously, be here all day, and we really appreciate your attention. Thanks very much.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes. Actually, Batya, I mean in the quarter, as we talked about, we're kind of in the 8% to 9% from existing sites, revenue from existing sites. 2011 was probably around the 9% level. And in 2012, we're kind of in that 7-plus percent range. I would expect that to be pretty evenly distributed throughout the year, kind of on a 50-50 basis, if you will, from a commence basis. And as Jim just indicated on the last question, I mean, to the extent that there is some new business activity coming in from Clearwire or T-Mobile, I would expect that to be back half end loaded. So that could impact the trajectory, if you will, going into 2013.
Thomas A. Bartlett: They are, Dave. So the capital is in the plan for 2012 and the expected benefit from those towers is also in the plan. And they are pretty spread out throughout -- pretty evenly spread out throughout the year. As opposed to the 2,300 sites that we have yet to close, we identified what the revenue on a full year basis would look like, as well as the adjusted EBITDA. But those are not included in our guidance. And when we, in fact, close those and have certainty as to the timing and what the impact will be for the year then we would, as we've done in the past, include them in our guidance going forward.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes. Sure, Jason. I mean, from a REIT perspective, as we've stated all along, the reason we're becoming a REIT, it's the best global tax strategy to us on the planet for us in the United States. And relative to all of the REIT index inclusions, I know there's been a lot of speculation over the past 6 to 9 months as we've embarked on this process of what indexes would we be in. And it's very difficult to kind of read, if you will, the indexes, given some of the -- or lack of transparency that they may have in their definitions. I mean, from our perspective, 97%, 98% of our revenues is real estate-related. And if you look at the benchmark and what's in there kind of white papers of what would be required to be included, and I think we fit right down the middle. I have been told by some that it's our sheer size that has actually kept us out of some of the indexes. And I don't know if that's the case entirely, but it seems to be kind of a common theme that I've heard of. But again, we continue to embark on this strategy that Jim just laid down. And we think that regardless of whether we're in one index or another, there's good value that can be created in our business.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Michael, maybe I'll take the first one and Jim can then come back on the other one. I mean, that chart was not meant to be what our total available capital would be to be able to spend on items, if you will, or allocate during 2012. It was really just meant to represent what we know today in terms of the major allocation elements for 2012. So don't think of that pie as the total cash available to reinvest back into our business to stay within our stated leverage ranges.
