Steve Smith: No, I think exactly Paul. I think the one thing that I would add is that we have seen a bit of an uptick as far as overall interest from the financial services community. And the New York area obviously there is a large density of those types of customers there. And I think that they are getting more sophisticated and really reaching a critical point in their internal architecture that is having them look to alternatives, part of that is cloud, part of that is outsourcing to co-location providers and really segmenting how they divide that architecture across different co-location facilities in its own right, whether it’s high frequency trading or internal IT requirements, but we’re seeing a lot more I guess a measured amount of more interest from that sector.
Steve Smith: Jordan, the only other thing I was going to add just to give you some numbers, just a quantification standpoint. Our estimate for what we think we might spend in Reston for 2017, it’s about $100 million, that’s largely going to be dependent on when we take that under full construction. But that gives you some idea about where we’re thinking in terms of heading into the year.
Steve Smith: Sure, hi Jonathan, this is Steve. I’ll start off and then let Paul fill in some color there. I guess, the first thing relative to the cross-connect growth and the pacing versus top-line, part of that I think is attributable to some of the larger leases that we closed over time. And as you look at the size of those leases and relative cross-connects that connect those spaces it gets a bit diluted there. So, I think that’s part of the driver. Overall, as far as the enterprise is concerned, we do see them, it’s connecting more and more to networks and clouds. And how they do that is a bit variable, whether they do it through physical cross connects or through Oracle cloud exchange and some of the other types of services that are available there. But overall I would say that that’s the primary contributor there, just the mix of leasing that we’ve seen over time. As you look at some of the other providers that have come into the building, you mentioned PacketFabric, we have a couple of others in the form of Megaport and a few others as well as some of the larger carriers that provide similar type of SDN services. Overall, we feel like that’s a positive thing for our customer base, it gives them better connectivity options. And frankly, we’ll attract more customers and more cloud and content providers to want to come to our data centers. So, on balance, yes, there may-be some interconnection services that use that SDN type of offering in order to connect to multiple other services whether its cloud or other networks. But on balance we feel like it’s overall a positive thing for us.
Steve Smith: Yes, I can probably take that for you, this is Steve. From an overall transaction perspective, it ranges anywhere from about 13% to about 20% as far as the overall indirect channel and the amount of contributions they bring to us. So that’s remained fairly consistent over time and we haven’t seen a dramatic change in that over the 12 months I would say.
Steve Smith: So, I guess, I can kind of start with - answer that question and then I’ll let Paul or Jeff kind of fill-in there. Overall as far as the likes of SDN providers in our buildings and the value that they bring there, I guess first question I guess is, relatively economic relationship we have there. I don’t think I can really get into too much detail there other than just letting you know that’s similar to other providers and carriers that are in our facilities. And we’re continuing to evolve that relationship. But it’s very important to us to maintain the strategy that we’ve had going forward which is really to provide a carrier neutral type of facility that provides our customers choice and flexibility as to how they interconnect to other networks as well as other cloud providers. And we look at those SDN providers as an extension of that. As to the value that they provide in our data centers, while we do have many of our direct on-ramps from many of the big cloud providers made up in our data centers feel like that brings significant value and differentiation in the marketplace. Having other connectivity options, we feel like it also benefits not only in providing access to those clouds and other networks but from campus to campus and just to other facilities around the world. So, it really just gives them more choice and more flexibility. And we feel like that’s a positive thing in just providing them more attractive options for those customers.
Steve Smith: Hi Frank, this is Steve, I’ll try to answer that for you. Just to kind of piggy-back on what Paul had just mentioned regarding whether it’s international expansion, or even domestic expansion. I think what we’re seeing is that customers are getting more and more sophisticated on how they evaluate and select a data center provider. And as such, as long as they’re looking for a deployment in our markets, we feel like we stand a very competitive opportunity to win that business and not being in more markets where even international business seems to be slowing us down winning those deployments. So just to give you a little bit of color there. Relative to industries and vertical strength across the board, I would say it’s very market-driven. As you look at industries that are most interested in New York are very different than they might be in LA versus the Bay Area versus even Virginia. So, we try to take a very pointed approach to ensure that we have a geographical focus into those markets trying to ensure that our data center as well as our operating there resonates well with the key industries that happen to be present there. And we continue to refine those efforts. But it’s just different from market to market.
Steve Smith: I would just add Jon is, if you look at our strategy around really the three pillars of enterprise, cloud and network, having a heavy density of all three of those factors is important. And as Paul mentioned in Denver and Boston, those are hi-tech centric and fast growing markets already. So, we see good growth there. But also interconnection is critical too and Denver specifically being the intersection of fiber back-bone that crisscrosses the country speaks to that well as far as the attractiveness to cloud and network providers providing services here as well as Boston. So, they’re a bit unique in that regard.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, let me just touch on what leads, what’s on our balance sheet and then Paul can touch on a little bit more broad in terms of where we’re looking to add incremental capacity. But in general, we’re looking at various components of our portfolio in terms of where we need to add incremental capacity. We don’t have a lot of it put into development as we ended the year and largely because of the amount of development we had being finalized and finishing up in Q4. Having said that, I think when you look across the portfolio beyond what we’ve talked about with Denver, Boston, and LA, in construction we’ve also mentioned the Reston campus. And there are a couple other markets that we’re closely looking at based on our visibility in terms of the sales funnel. And we’ll continue to evaluate those options and then ultimately put things into construction as we see fit. Beyond that maybe Paul can comment on just more broadly what we’re looking at in terms of other markets based on the need for just added capacity.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, Jordan, you’re correct. The increase in that straight-line rent, on average in any given quarter our straight-line rent amounts usually somewhere between $1 million to $2 million. So you can take the delta of that mid-point of that number and you can see that the overall increase was about $4 million. And that was largely attributed to the delay in delivering SV7 and an abatement that we gave as a result of that delay.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, Colby, let me address to your first question as it relates to interest rates. Today if you look at our pricing on our revolving credit facility we’re paying about 230 basis points on our debt. Based upon the debt we placed last year and based on where market sit today, I think largely we will expect to pay about 250 basis points higher than 230, call it somewhere around 475, 480 if you went with a pure fixed price instrument. I’d give a term somewhere around 7 or 8 eight years for that level of pricing. As it relates to the second question, as it relates to our EBITDA margins, I think if you look at over the last couple of years, I do think looking at a 12-year period of time in terms of what improvement we’re making in our EBITDA margins is a good way to look at it. We increase those spread by about 200 basis points, ‘16 over ‘15 and we’re guiding to about 80 basis points increase in ‘17 over ‘16. We’re trying to continue to manage as I mentioned in our comments around our expense growth and that’s something that Paul, Steve and I and the entire management work closely around just to manage and continue to scale the business. And hopefully we can outperform but that is largely driven by continuing to manage our expense growth and leverage as much as profitability as we can to the bottom line.
Jeff Finnin: Jonathan, as it relates to the fourth quarter, just based on the timing on which we acquire that, you can see on the property table. The annualized rent associated with that particular development at 12/31 is $4 million, we closed it mid-November. So the top-line growth was about $600,000. Important, as you look at your models going forward, there is a certain element of that particular rent that will be terminating at March 31, it’s about $800,000. I mean, that’s going to be terminating so that we can commence development on the first phase of that particular development.
Jeff Finnin: Hello Jonathan, let me see if I can hit both of those for you. As it relates to the interconnection business, if you just look at full-year ‘16 over ‘15, I think Steve commented on his script that our overall volume growth was just shy of 12% for the full-year. And as I said in my script, our guidance is somewhere between 13% to 16% of overall revenue but we’d expect volume to be on the lower end of that. So, just call it an implied volume growth of about 13%. As it relates to fiber versus other, fiber generated overall increases in ‘16 over ‘15 of 16.4%. And we would expect that number to be fairly consistent as we go into ‘17 as well. So maybe give up just a little bit but overall we would expect it to be right around that 16% maybe just north of 16%. As it relates to your second question on the MRR per cab-E. If you look at the overall year-over-year growth of 7.5% and the components, the overall increase from an, interconnect and power is really what drove the increases. And my recollection is on interconnection that year-over-year growth is about 11%, maybe just slightly ahead of 11%. And the power increases were about 9%. And then the remainder was the rent component.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, I think it’s about, we got like I said it was an annualized amount of $4 million resulting from that new campus. And that will be in place through $3.31 million and then it will drop down to $3.2 million for the last nine months ballpark.
Jeff Finnin: Great question Matt. I think as Paul alluded to and I think Steve might have alluded to this a little bit as it relates to our commencements for 2016. We had the largest amount of commencements we’ve had as an organization, I think that total $59 million ballpark for the full year of 2016, which as you know, largely led to the 50% cash growth ‘16 over ‘15. I think if you look at where we have been historically and if you look at over the last 4 to 5 years, taking out a couple of large wholesale deals that we’ve done over that period of time, I would say on average, our lease commencements in any given has averaged over that 4-year period, about $26 million in total. We believe we can exceed that in 2017. And we’re estimating somewhere around $30 million of annualized commencements for rent in 2017 to give you an idea.
Jeff Finnin: Hi Lukas, it’s Jeff. I would say that I don’t think we see anything that would prohibit us from continuing to lease up our same-store to beyond the 90% that we’re at today. There is nothing that physically limits us, the space is still there power and cooling capabilities are still there. So, there is nothing there that limits us from an infrastructure standpoint to continue to increase that leasing. As it relates to the overall growth on call it MRR per cab-E basis, you can see that overall based on the same-store pool we had an effect for 2016, produced very good results, increasing call it, 6% to 8% on average year-over-year. I think as you look forward, we would expect that MRR per cab-E growth to moderate a little bit just based upon the type of sales activity we had in the previous 12 months. But still healthy somewhere between 5% to 7% year-over-year, growth as we look forward just to give you some idea where we think it’s headed.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, it’s just right in line with our prepared remarks. We’ve had about $165 million of debt capacity today and about $150 million of liquidity as we sit here at year-end. And so, obviously it will fund the development needed in the near term but we’re going to have to term-out some level of our credit facility. And we’ve guided to $150 million to $250 million of additional debt sometime here in the first half of 2017.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, ballpark just depending upon the pace of development. And you could see our CapEx that would give you some idea about where we would end up, that’s correct.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, Jon this is Jeff. It’s one of those areas where we just believe as the number of kilowatts that we have in our portfolio increase, it is going to drive an increased level of recurring CapEx, that’s just the expectation that we have. And that’s kind of how we manage and model it. But it’s slowly driven on the number of kilowatts we have deployed out through our portfolio. When you look at how much of those kilowatts commenced during 2016, we’re just expecting to have some recurring CapEx increase over prior years.
Jeff Finnin: It did occur and Steve alluded to it in his prepared remarks. We actually ended up having a total on that particular customer of 135 basis points. So just slightly higher than what we had anticipated. But that did actually occur in Q4. So absent that customer, actually churn results were fairly good in Q4 when you look at our long-term average to somewhere between 1% to 2%. The other component that you’re probably referring to and I alluded to, it some elevated churn in Q2, which is about an incremental 180 basis points which is the last component of our original customer at SV3 that will burn off. And that is about $4.2 million of annualized rent that will terminate in the second quarter of ‘17.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, I think that’s fair Jordan. The only real visibility we have as we sit here today, as we mentioned. When we look at our backlog, GAAP backlog of $5 million at the end of the year, and we expect substantially all of that to commence in the first half - the first quarter of the year. So, then everything else would commence subsequent to that.
Jeff Finnin: Yes, I think the number, the decrease in the number, just look back at our backlog and just go back to where we started 2016. And as we migrated through the year those backlog numbers were very substantial and that’s largely due to the fact of the preleasing that occurred at SV7 and some of our other developments and as Paul alluded to earlier. As we sit here today, you just look at what we have under development. We just don’t have enormous amount of space under development right now. We’re obviously planning things as it relates to Reston and as Paul and Steve both, alluded to we would look to try and drive some anchor customer there to help kick-start the cash flow soon upon completion of that construction. So, I just think as we sit here today I can’t give you that golden, we’re looking forward but we hope to find it somewhere as we migrate through the year and we’ll see how we operate here.
Paul Szurek: Jordan, I touched on this in my comments. We’re looking at additional capacity in the other big four markets. We’ve got Northern Virginia taken care of pretty well. Historically we follow the discipline of not announcing anything until we actually have a specific contract or similar development to announce. I think generally you can that we’re always making progress but we’ll announce it when we have something firm.
Paul Szurek: No, I think we’ve typically guided to right around 4% of revenue and I think that’s fairly consistent with where we think we’ll end up in 2017 as well.
Paul Szurek: Hi Jonathan, this is Paul. You did raise a couple of questions in your research note a day or two ago that, if you don’t mind I thought I’d clarify so that you can go away from this call with that answered.
Paul Szurek: I think Jeff’s kind of already covered the question you raised with the dividend. REITs have historically financed expansion opportunities with outside financing. The tax structure we have requires us and investor expectations encourage us to dividend out as much as we safely can, what is defined as kind of true operating cash flow. And I know people take different measures. But we kind of look at something we call cash available for distribution to common equity which is basically AFFO minus non-recurring capital expenditures. We have raised our dividend payout ratio to kind of catch up with the growth in our performance over the years. But we still retain a cash cushion between that measure of operating cash flow and what our dividend is. So, technically we will not be borrowing to pay the dividend as you questioned in your report. I know that there are different ways that different analysts look at it, I just wanted to clarify the math.
Paul Szurek: Yes, I’m sorry, I got you. I would say overall a majority of the leases will contain a breaker powered model and less than majority would be on a metered basis. To give you some idea, if you look at just our overall power revenue we’ve been anywhere between 55% and 60% of our power revenue is earned on a breaker basis. And therefore the remaining portion is earned on a metered basis. And that is consistent with where we ended 2016 as well.
Paul Szurek: I would only add to what Steve said, reiterate our strategy of having ecosystems that provide all the options, all the business partners, all the various ways of interconnecting and getting around the world that our customers might conceivably need that openness has benefited us strategically. And we believe it will continue to do so going forward.
Paul Szurek: To the extent we’re involved in international activities already, we’ve seen a large number of non-U.S. companies coming into our data centers. We do have a small percentage of our customers that like our platform, like our service levels and agreements and have asked us to look outside the U.S. But they also have a very cost conscious approach to it. So, we tried to address that with a curetted referral program and we continue to evolve and improve that. And that seems to be going well and seems to have an opportunity for improvement going forward. Perhaps more importantly we’re seeing an increasing volume of our customers who are going global via cloud or content providers or similar companies that are in our data centers that already have a global platform. And so we focus tremendously on making sure that they have the facilities and business partners they need in our data centers to go global, do that methodology.
Paul Szurek: Thanks. Let me try to address those. The first question, I think as you saw both our VA2 expansion and our SV7 expansion, we have moved to a model of pre-leasing of new developments and new construction. And our preference for that type of pre-leasing is to find and sign out strategic anchors for those new developments, it’s worked very well in both of those cases. And we expect to continue to follow that model going forward including for the Reston expansion. As it relates to M&A, we believe we have a business model and a platform that has consistently delivered opportunities for attractive organic growth. And that’s how we design the company. And I think that’s consistent with how most studies have companies have guided for the best long-term shareholder value. I think this approach also enables us to provide more value to our customers because we deploy our capital where there are, growth and expansion needs are consistent with the scale that we have. Having said that we recognize that there are occasionally opportunities when M&A or other inorganic growth avenues can be very attractive. So, we study the vast majority of the opportunities that are out there with an open mind. We’re trying to discover opportunities to accelerate our ability to deliver value to customers and shareholders. Any transaction however would have to make sense strategically, culturally and mathematically, meaning, it would be good for our customers and would most likely be accretive to share value on a risk adjusted basis. I think I’ve kind of just restated what we’ve said at every quarterly call for the last couple of years. So I don’t think that indicates any real change in our approach. But I did want to make sure the philosophy behind it was well understood. And assure you that we don’t, we do look at this stuff and if good opportunities out there, we wouldn’t be averse to taking advantage of it.
Paul Szurek: Nothing that we have seen so far appears to be any threat to our sales funnel or our ability to close deals. Please remember we are focused our scale and our strength in these eight very strong markets. And we provide a fairly unique value proposition as well as kind of the hybrid flexibility for customers that need to scale in those markets. And we don’t see that changing with the M&A activity we’ve seen out there.
Paul Szurek: I don’t know that I can add much to what I said earlier. The size of the market is important because of the scale that you can achieve. And also the resilience that you have going forward via diversity of customer base and kind of how tech reliant and data reliant the economy in a particular market is. Boston and Denver are both very strong tech and data economies. And because of their proximity to headquarters, in one case and our northeastern operations in the other case, we’re able to have a chief scale about the sales and the operating organizations in those markets. And we expect good growth in them in the future. Probably as important we were able to enter those markets at very attractive price points and begin the scale accordingly. So, when you think about scale and data dependence in the economy and the ability to have economies of scale in a market, Tier 2 markets are just harder to make the numbers work. And as you go down in the tiers, it gets progressively harder.
Paul Szurek: Jordan I’m glad you asked that question because it’s probably worth reminding everybody. I know that it’s real important the way most of you look at companies and do your job. And we, as we see reporting we all have to report quarter-by-quarter. And in those results are important. But this business doesn’t really run on a quarter-to-quarter cycle. I mean the transaction engine does and that stays pretty consistent from quarter-to-quarter and it’s generally been on an upward trend for the last three years. But other parts of the business, the hybrid part of our business where we take on larger deployments is lumpy and also less predictable. So as you look at the business going forward, I think Jeff’s given you the best guidance we can give. And we continue to believe that there will be good opportunities that may enable us to outperform. But we can’t predict those.
Paul Szurek: First I’d like to thank all of you for your interest in the company and participating in this call. And we appreciate it very much. Steve and Jeff and I would like to thank our colleague for a great 2016 and congratulate them on an excellent year. We’re looking forward to the rest of 2017. We have many opportunities and a lot of work ahead of us. And again, thank you for your interest. And have a great rest of your day.
Jonathan Schildkraut: Great. Thanks for taking the questions this afternoon. So I just wanted to ask a couple on the enterprise side. Paul, Steve, you guys were talking about the strength there, and even in one of the earlier questions you came, sort of referenced back to that. And I just wanted to understand the dynamic of what these enterprises are doing inside your data center. And I guess it would be helpful maybe to layer in sort of two, sort of ideas as you go through that. One is when I look at the interconnect growth projection for the year, it’s actually slower than your top line growth projection for the year, so implies a mild reduction as a percent of revenue coming from interconnect. And I guess that would have sort of been intuitively the opposite of what I’d expect in accelerating enterprise cloud adoption scenario. And then secondly, you guys added PacketFabric to, I think, 11 of your data centers in the quarter, and I’m just wondering about how that helps in terms of driving that enterprise demand over time? Thanks.
Jonathan Schildkraut: Awesome. If I could ask just one more follow-up. I was just wondering what the impact from the Reston acquisition was to the top line in the fourth quarter and whether we should think about that revenue as we look into ‘17 sort of going away as you guys re-purpose the asset for data center space and maybe away from office? Thanks.
Jonathan Schildkraut: Thanks a lot, Paul. That’s super helpful. I didn’t think I could ask four questions, so that was really good.
