Tom Bartlett: Sure. Simon, I'll do the first and then, Rob, you can talk about Latin America. Simon, with regards to M&A, I mean, it's no different than we've been looking at things for the last two decades. We are -- because of our sheer size and our presence, we get invited into looking at just about every transaction that we see going on around the planet. And we evaluate them. We have business development teams in every one of our markets. Clearly, the focus for us right now is looking at opportunities in Europe. But it's -- as a result of the Telxius transaction and what we've done there before, we do have terrific scale in some of the critical markets in that region. And as you saw Rod just talk about, we're seeing really -- as we expected, given where the markets are from a 5G perspective, it's really outsized growth in 2022 going forward as the spectrum is deployed and as 5G gets rolled out. And as you said, there are a lot of portfolios there. And we are looking at all of them. A lot of it, we've seen it in the public realm and we've had ongoing discussions. But clearly, we're looking at it very, very carefully, looking at what would be the real opportunity there going forward, a very disciplined look in terms of valuation. So, it's really impossible at this point in time to speculate in terms of success in those. But we will clearly evaluate them and look at them and determine whether we can create long-term value as a result of those transactions. We have a very diverse portfolio which has really proven to be, I think, very valuable over the last 10 years as we've looked at the growth across the regions that we have. And Europe had been that particular market where we did not have the significant presence. And now we do and we're taking advantage of that growth. So we'll continue to evaluate those opportunities. And as I said, it's really difficult to predict what the outcomes might be but we'll continue to take a very disciplined review of those options.
Tom Bartlett: Sure, Ric. So the gating item is really sorting through the kind of the different options that we have ahead of us. There may be an element of common equity that we deploy here. And for modeling purposes, for outlook purposes, we are assuming that it's half of the $10 billion. Certainly, when you think about that equity offering, we did go through a tender offer. That tender offer resulted in us closing right at the end of the year and then we deal with open windows and closed windows and when, as a company, we can go out to market. And that kind of pushed us into January which was beyond Q4. And then looking at the way Q4 rolled out, we couldn't go out with equity at that point. So there's a lot of complicating factors kind of in there. But certainly, we have windows that open up here shortly and then again in Q2. But with that said, we're focused on the long-term value creation from CoreSite which is a high-quality, very interconnected network and cloud-centric set of assets that we think, over the long term, is going to drive a lot of value. So we want to make sure that we put the right financing together. And if that takes a little bit more time to get the right pieces put together, then that's what we'll do. And with that said, the common equity that we have in the assumption is an assumption. We're also out looking at private capital partnerships. We're also looking at mandatory convertible preferred instruments. And we'll make the best decisions based on market conditions, terms and conditions of any potential private capital and we'll make those decisions. Again, as I said in the prepared remarks, always with the -- in the best interest of the shareholders in mind and minimizing dilution is always important to us. So we take that very seriously. And then also making sure whatever we do stay solidly within the framework of investment-grade credit. That's another thing that's very important to us.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. No, thanks, Ric. I mean outside of the United States, our focuses are clearly tower portfolio. We do have some initiatives going on with regards to fiber down in Latin America. We actually do have some smaller data centers, candidly down in -- down in Latin America as well on a very small scale. The reason for, clearly, the CoreSite acquisition was really in the United States, that's where we think that edge grid is really going to be developed first. And we'll look at that as clearly the market to develop that strategy and then evaluate options to be able to expand that, to the extent that it makes sense outside of the United States. So the platforms that we're really seeking outside are largely driven by the tower. We have a lot of tower and fuel initiatives going on, particularly in Africa as well as in India. So we consider that a platform extension, if you will, Ric, where we're really trying to reduce the overall carbon footprint, improve the quality of the site, reduce our overall diesel consumption similar to -- really consistent with what we're trying to do with our science-based targets but offering even more value to our customers through our more efficient power and fuel initiatives. But we will really develop the kind of that data center model, the interconnected model with our tower portfolio within the United States. And so outside of the United States, it clearly is a tower focus.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, Dave, I'll just take the first one. It's a quick one. I mean Steve Vondran, who is President of our U.S. business, is responsible for the CoreSite investment in the business. Juan Font who is within the business, who's a terrific leader, is actually responsible for running the CoreSite business, working directly for Steve? Rod.
Tom Bartlett: Matt, let me take the first one and Rod can take the second one on India. Yes, we are. We're about two months into the transaction. CoreSite had a strong finish to 2021 and we expect even a stronger set of growth metrics for in 2022. I mean there, we're moving through the integration process, as you would expect. Rod talked about the financing element of it. And we have teams looking at all of the opportunities to create synergies between the tower business as well as the data center business. But we're going to enjoy all the underlying growth that's coming from the business itself. We're integrating the data center companies that we had, albeit on a small scale, clearly compared to CoreSite into the CoreSite business. So there are a lot of activities going on from an integration perspective. On the commercial side, there are a significant amount of customer conversations, discussions, proof of concepts that are being developed and worked through on a number of different fronts with a number of different types of customers, the cloud service providers, the MNOs. And so there are continued initiatives going on to look at the opportunities to be able to bring our vision to the market. And it's not going to happen overnight. But in the meantime, we have the ability to really enjoy the underlying growth and the positioning that CoreSite has. And they have some development that's going on within their own portfolio this year in terms of building out some of the data centers that they've got. But as I said, the underlying growth trends are greater than they were in 2021. So we're really excited about the leadership team that we've got in place and the opportunities that we're going to see -- come to fruition over the next couple of years.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, I would just add on that one particular piece. When you think about kind of '17, '18, '19, it was kind of at the latter end of kind of the heavy 4G investments. And you would typically see that with new technologies going in place. So my sense is that that's what we would start to see when we think about 5G. We're just in the early stages. The carriers are starting to clear and roll out C-band. I mean, we'll start to see it even the end of this year when we start to get into ramp up on the organic growth rates. But as 5G takes hold and continues to develop and densifies, we would expect that similar type of growth ramp up clearly with 5G. And yes, as Rod said, Sprint was very active back at that point in time, obviously, not around any longer. But with DISH now in it's place, hopefully, they would be able to be that kind of fourth agent there and really driving that kind of growth.
Tom Bartlett: Sure. No, Jonathan, I mean let me start and Rod can add in. But from a European perspective, clearly, much of the growth is coming in Germany, where they've been very aggressive in terms of rolling out 5G as well as in Spain. So I mean those are our two critical markets there. But Germany is really going to be, I think, really driving a lot of it and we're seeing a lot of activity in Spain as well. From a CapEx perspective, maybe you can take a look at even our projections for 2022. I mean, it's largely driven by our tower portfolio. There are certain development activities within the data center assets in the United States building out but it pales in comparison to what we're expecting on the tower CapEx side. We're looking at a major generator rollout for a large customer in the United States which is a piece of it. And we're also looking to build another 6,000 to 7,000 sites. So if you look at over the last several years, we've built probably cumulatively about 20,000 sites and we have significant expectations for continuing that kind of a trend and '22 is no different. And so as 4G and as 5G is developed around the world, we continue to see the need for new build-to-suits and that is the best use of our capital. With regards to fiber and some of the other assets, John, I'd tell you it's de minimis. I mean it's very, very small. And in many cases, they were just science projects, where we're still trying to see if there's really an opportunity in those markets. But -- and I would see that trend candidly for the next several years, that the direction for capital is going to be driven to the tower base of assets, again, largely driven to the development side of building out new sites and very little spend on some of the fiber portfolios or fiber assets outside of the United States. And John...
Tom Bartlett: Thank you very much, everyone, for joining us this morning. I know there's a lot of news around the world. I hope you all stay safe and well. And again, just appreciate you all being here this morning. To the extent you have any further follow-ups, please give us a call. We are clearly by the phones waiting to talk. So, thank you all.
Rod Smith: Simon, thanks for the question. I hope you're doing well. So in Latin America, just to recap here, we're guiding towards just above 6% organic tenant billings growth. And that's really driven by solid organic new bids. So we've got about 3.3% or so contributing from an organic new builds perspective. And we're also seeing outsized escalators. So we've got escalators in above 8% in that market. So nice strong escalators there. And that really is sort of an inflation hedge that we have in the Latin American markets. But we are seeing temporary elevated churn. So we've got about 5% churn coming out of Latin America. The churn that's in the outlook for 2022 is primarily Telefonica up in Mexico and then Nextel down in Brazil. Oi doesn't really play into the equation quite yet. We do have a long-term contract with Oi. So that will play out over the next seven years or so. And we'll see where that goes. I don't want to get ahead of anything that may happen in the market there from a regulatory perspective. But it's not really a main component in our 2022 numbers and we've got protection there out over seven years. And the Oi revenue is in and around 1% of our total revenue.
Rod Smith: Nice to have you on the call. Thanks for joining us and thanks for the question. So the U.S. market in terms of organic growth or organic new builds is really quite strong. We continue to see all of the major carriers being very active. And the place that, that shows up initially, maybe as an early indicator here, is within our services business. So once again, we're guiding towards services revenue above $220 million, so still well above kind of historical levels, a little bit below where we were in 2021 but still a nice solid level of services activity. And the margins there are still coming in at 55% right where they normally do. And then when you think about the U.S. organic growth here, we're guiding towards 1% or so. And I'll give you the piece parts there. So organic new business is slightly up from where it was from the prior year in terms of a percentage basis; so that's about 3.3%. Escalators are holding very firm, slightly ahead of where they were in 2021. They're coming in at 3.1%. And then we have cancellations coming in at about five -- a little over 5% and that is primarily driven -- at least the outsized churn there is primarily driven through the Sprint churn that we've all talked about. In terms of going forward, you do know that we've got MLAs with most of our carriers, where we've got kind of lock-in revenue as well as revenue growth. So 3/4 of the ramp is in there. Even in our long-term guide, we do have about 2/3 or so of not only the underlying revenue in the guide but the actual growth locked up in MLA. So nice really clear visibility in terms of the growth that we see going out. We do have one customer that's on an à la carte basis. So as they begin to deploy, we do expect that to ramp towards the back half of the year. And we also have the agreement with DISH which we've talked about in the past, that is beginning to produce revenue for us this year. That will escalate through the year, so we'll see a ramp-up during the year from that. And then it will continue to ramp over time. And that's what really gives us the confidence to put out the long-term growth rates that Tom talked about and getting back up into that mid-single-digit growth rate sustainably in the U.S. And then the final point that I would make is the colocation and amendment contributions to organic new business. For the year, we're guiding around $150 -- $150 million. And that's up from the level in 2021 which is close to about $130 million or so. And that represents a solid 15% year-on-year growth rate. So we're quite pleased with what we see in the U.S. from a gross growth. And the churn that we're seeing is temporary will subside and then we think growth will return into that mid-single digits in the U.S. over the long term.
Rod Smith: No, I think when you think about the MLAs that we have, it's based on use rights and a use-right fee that's all incorporated. So to the extent that their activity level fits within the use right bucket, then it's covered. To the extent that their activity level goes beyond what was contemplated and what was granted to them in the use right, then that would be upside. And certainly, anyone that's on an à la carte basis, it's a pay as you go. And there's certainly upside there, depending on how quickly they deploy, how best they deploy. And we do see in the U.S. that things are continuing to heat up. We're expecting north of $30 billion once again in terms of carrier CapEx and that bodes very well for our short-term as well as long-term tenant leases here. So we -- and we're excited about 5G in the U.S. and all the C-band spectrum that's been auctioned off and that is out there that will eventually be deployed and we're seeing lots of activity as well.
Rod Smith: Yes and David, I'll tackle the next two. So on the private capital side, yes, I think it's absolutely plausible to think that there are investors out there that see the long-term value and value creation within the CoreSite assets. We do believe that the CoreSite set of assets is amongst and of the highest quality portfolio of highly interconnected, cloud-centric, network-centric data center-type assets out in the U.S. and they're strategically placed across the country from West Coast to Central, over to the East Coast as well. So the locations are perfect in terms of being able to tie into lots of our towers across the globe. So as we look at this and we look through kind of short-term volatility in the equity markets as well as even with interest rates and things like that, I think it's very plausible. And we're very encouraged by the fact that there are a number of investors out there that see the long-term value and value creation here and believe in the transition of some of these data center assets into more distributed cloud on-ramps, more distributed compute power and tying that up with tower companies and the traditional tower company customers. So that's a long way of saying, yes, absolutely, I think people would be interested in this. But with that said, our options are all kind of open and on the board and we'll be evaluating that over the coming period of time. And then in terms of the termination fees, it's in the range of $40 million that you'll see kind of come through the numbers in 2022, really kind of flat with what we experienced in 2021 as well as in terms of termination fees.
Rod Smith: And Matt, in terms of your question around India, I'll hit a couple of highlights here. So in India, I think you're probably aware that the backdrop of the telecom environment is improving quite a bit and has done so in the last several -- certainly the last several quarters. The government has really stepped up and shown support for the wireless segment and the telecom segment. In addition, the carriers themselves have increased the tariff. So there, they've got healthier businesses as they go forward. And specifically to Voda, you've seen probably just recently even their intentions to monetize part of their stake in the India's portfolio to improve liquidity. They also chose to have some of the interest on their spectrum do's and their AGR fees going back to transitioning that from a liability to the government and swapping it for some equity. So they've greatly improved kind of their balance sheet. And now they have a much longer runway. Really, the whole sector has a much longer runway to kind of sort through the environment there. Because of those things, we are seeing churn subside in the marketplace and we've seen that over the last several years. So in India, specifically, we're guiding to 2% to 3% positive organic tenant billings growth. That comes with 5% gross organic growth, a 2% escalator which is contractual throughout all of our leases there and about 4.5% churn. That churn rate is down from over 10% in 2021. So that's where you see sort of the biggest improvement there. And the other thing I would say is we think the India marketplace is going to be very constructive here over the long term. Certainly, there's a large population. The networks are in early stage of development. They need a lot more infrastructure and the Indian subscribers really do consume lots of data in there. So we think that the market is still trying to absorb some of these positive changes that they've seen. And once that happens and all the carriers kind of get used to the new environment there, we should see churn continue to decline over time as well as gross new business increase over time. And those are the things that kind of get us back to that upper single-digit growth rate potentially. But as of now, we're fairly cautious around India in terms of our outlook and projections. And even in the long-term guide that Tom talked about earlier, that 10% AFFO per share growth, we have fairly modest improvements built in there for India, not getting back up to that full upper single-digit growth rate. So there's upside from that perspective if India continues to improve over the coming quarters and years.
Rod Smith: Sure, Brandon. So in terms of looking backwards to 2018, I don't want to go through too much detail between the two. But certainly, back in 2018, there was an explosion of activity in the U.S. from all the carriers. That was a time when we had all the carriers, including Sprint, investing heavily and contributing to our revenues in a pretty heavy way. So Sprint was a big contributor back then. And it was at a time when AT&T was also aggressively building out the FirstNet network. So those two things were kind of unique around 2018 and those aren't repeating. So we're very happy with where we are in terms of the colocation amendment contributions in 2022. We do see that accelerating into the back half of 2022 and we expect that acceleration to continue going out. And again, a lot of that growth, even beyond '22, is contracted in the holistic MLAs that we have. So we have visibility to that growth. So we do think we're entering a multiyear cycle of acceleration when it comes to that organic new biz, the colocation and amendment piece of it. And what was the other question that you had? The $150 million...
Rod Smith: And Brandon, I think your other question was around the percentage of the $150 million that was contracted; it's in around 3/4.
Rod Smith: Sorry, Jonathan, I'll hit the question on Europe and Telxius. So as you saw from the prepared remarks and in the slides, we are looking at about 9% organic tenant billings growth in Europe; so a real strong upper single-digit number. That compares to 2021 which was around 5%; a couple of the drivers there. We are seeing solid organic new biz up around 6% or so for the market. The escalators are up a bit, so we're up at around 4.5%. Escalators, the churn is down from 2.4 in 2021 down to 1.4 in 2022. A lot of that is directly driven by the Telxius assets which are very low to no churn assets the way the contracts are written and kind of from a structural standpoint. So that reduction in churn, at 100 basis points, you can really ascribe back to Telxius. And that gives you the 9% organic growth rate. I would say, we're seeing our best growth here in Germany. But even if you pull away the Telxius assets that are adding to the overall growth here, we're still seeing north of 6% or so of growth in the legacy business kind of across Europe. A couple of things that I would point out. In terms of the 9%, we do expect that to moderate throughout the year and be lower in the back half of the year after we kind of lap having Telxius on for a full year. So we're looking at about 7% organic growth in the back half of 2021. And then beyond that, we are looking at Europe not being at 9% but being kind of in that mid-single digits and upper single digits. So in Germany, we're still looking at 6% to 7% organic tenant billings growth in that market. And across all of Europe, we're looking at mid-single digits, let's call it, 5% to 6% organic growth in Europe even beyond 2022.
Rod Smith: Yes, Jonathan, I'll keep it at a fairly high level here. And I don't want to over emphasize the private capital or any of these different elements because we're still working through the process. And when we do land on our optimal financial plan here, we'll let you know. But in terms of our criteria, we certainly look well beyond just capital. So as we did with Telxius, we want to know that we've got world-class, large investors with us that have the same or similar mindset around the specific assets, the region and the future of those assets. Because additional capital and really having a partner that wants to grow in terms of this asset, it's going to be around exploiting this asset in terms of that cloud distribution, that heavy interconnection and then eventually moving to the edge or the metro edge. So we certainly want someone at the table with us that has a similar vision there, that is excited about that and again, doesn't get too wrapped up in a short-term equity volatility but see for long-term investment. And certainly, the investors that we would talk to, just like in the Telxius process, are long-term investors. They're 15-year to 30-year investors. They're not 5-years and also that's what we -- that's what we wanted. And we also really like investors that are very experienced and investing. We like having people at the table with us talking about ways to grow, how to grow. And we find a real value to that. So I would just maybe emphasize the fact that our partnerships in Europe with CDPQ, Allianz and PGGM has been very good for us, not just for the capital but for a lot of other reasons. So we couldn't be more pleased with the way that partnership has unfolded. And if we were to do something in the U.S., it would be -- we would be equally as optimistic around the good relationship, the shared vision and those sorts of things. And of course, governance in terms and conditions are always important to us in value. It's something we take seriously. So we'll certainly be working through that but that will be a criteria that will be on the table.
Rod Smith: Yes, Batya. So I'll hit the first one here for you. So we're looking at around, for 2022, about 6,500 new builds. As in the past, it's heavily concentrated in the India region. So north of 4,000 roughly and these will be rough numbers in India. The next largest region is going to be in Africa which is going to be in the range of 1,900 or so, then we drop. And Latin America and Europe are pretty equal at around 500 sites each. And I'll just remind you that in Europe, we're building a lot of towers there through the Telxius transaction, came with a 10-year build-to-suit commitment of 3,000 sites over that time period. So we're actively building those assets. We're also building assets for Orange across Europe which the way they show up in our numbers, it kind of comes through as more in terms of an acquisition because they build them and kind of flipping to us but it really is sort of a build-to-suit program as well. So we couldn't be more pleased with the way that our build-to-suit program is working and unfolding. We continue to see double-digit NOI yields kind of across the mix here of all these regions which is really good. So we are solidly kind of on track to hit that 40,000 to 50,000 new builds that Tom had talked about in the past. And then in terms of your other question, when it comes to the split between amendments and colos, there's not a lot of detail that I'll get into from that perspective. A lot of our revenue is under the MLA agreements which again is more used rights than fixed fees and not so much ascribed to a colo versant amendment. We're still seeing heavy amendments in the industry by and large. Certainly, there's one carrier that might be a little bit more weighted towards co-location. But we're still seeing in terms of the activity level, heavily weighted towards amendments but I wouldn't want to try to split the $150 million because that's not the way that our contracts work in terms of the revenue.
