James D. Taiclet: So this is Jim, and I'll turn over the second question to Tom. Regarding our commercial arrangements with T-Mobile or any other customer, I think we don't comment on potential ongoing negotiations with any specific customer. But our history has been that we've been able to find common ground with our major carrier customers that are entering large deployments, and we'll expect to be doing that with T-Mobile as well.
James D. Taiclet: Yes, Simon, it's Jim. Specific to India, again, to put our international markets in context, we have a diversification, a global diversification strategy in place. So just to provide the baseline, India is about 10% of our tower, it's about 7% of our revenue and it's performing quite well this year, as Tom indicated. Based on that context, we are well aware of the developments going on in India from a regulatory perspective and actually planned for not exactly this but something like this to happen, meaning that the large incumbent carriers would drive the business over time in that country. And so we started out in India focusing on those large incumbent carriers. And today, they generate over 90% of our revenues. The licenses that are expected to be re-auctioned are almost exclusively with smaller new entrant carriers. Our exposure to the carriers that we don't think will rebid and re-stand up their license is less than 0.5% of American Tower's revenue base, and we already reserved for that in the first quarter, so we don't have exposure to the re-auction. In fact, when the spectrum gets recast to new bidders, we think it'll actually help our business going forward because those bidders will have the financial wherewithal to actually deploy it.
James D. Taiclet: Sure, Sandeep. This is Jim. That's not a surprising statistic at all given the very small radii and lower -- much lower cost for these types of base stations. At some point, they're going to be more prolific just because of the low cost and again small radii. But that doesn't necessarily affect the macro network at all. As I pointed out in my remarks, 95% of our towers are outside of urban and near-urban environments, which really the only ones that makes sense technically and economically for a carrier to deploy such small micro sites. So we see this as something that's actually helpful, so that the carriers can handle the cost requirement of serving really, really dense urban markets, but were just simply not providing towers at this point. That'll enable the carriers to be able to care for the whole network, both inside and outside of cities more efficiently. So we actually applaud these kind of products coming on the market.
James D. Taiclet: Jason, it's Jim. On negotiations again with any individual customer, we don't necessarily get into the details of that. But what I can say is that a carrier that has been or may in the future be a merger acquisition target as part of a theoretical industry consolidation, we would actually try to optimize between the upside on growth and preventing all or close to all of the potential downside of any kind of merger or other type of churn events. So I mean, I think that's one of our core competencies, frankly, is we have had a track record of finding a pretty good place to balance between achieving upside and essentially eliminating downside, and that's both inside and outside the U.S., and that's what we're going to continue to do.
James D. Taiclet: Yes. And as a final reminder, Jason, we risk adjust up from the U.S. baselines, all of our hurdle rates outside the U.S. base on things like historical foreign currency volatility, and so those inputs will be adjusted appropriately and we'll have to hit those hurdle rates to make further investments.
James D. Taiclet: Jonathan, it's Jim. The M&A pipeline is active in all of our markets. The timing and probability of each potential deal, of course, varies. But we've got the same level of emphasis internally on each region. Now having said that, Latin America, we do have sites with Millicom/Tigo in that market that we expect to close over the course of this year, that's in the presentation that Tom mentioned earlier. And we've got irons in the fire in every other region as well. So there's really not much specific to say because we don't comment on any speculation regarding specific transactions that might be in progress, whether that's the U.S. or overseas. But the emphasis is there, the liquidity is definitely there that Tom pointed out and we're active and interested. On the construction side, India has provided a lot of opportunity for what we think will be lucrative construction opportunities. The big carriers like Vodafone or Reliance are pushing most of that, and we're building towers for them and others as well. Latin America, pretty active and less so in Africa, but we're ramping up our Build-to-Suit program there. So I would put those a batting order at the moment of being India; secondly, Latin America; third, EMEA, outside the U.S., and we also are going to be building a few hundred towers inside the U.S. On the power issue, we are focused and actually have centers of excellence in South Africa and India on power management, which is, again, I think becoming one of our core competencies in the company. We don't have any reports from our team of issues with our power system because we have backup power at every site in India. Those tend to run at least part of the day, and we're positioned to make sure that, that continues. So while from a cost perspective, that is essentially passed through to the customer in India, so it won't affect us directly.
James D. Taiclet: Sure, Jon. Quickly, the indoor program continues the pace. I think we're up to 250 locations now in United States. We've got half a dozen or so up and running in Latin America, and we're starting to implement a few in both India and Africa. So that's maintaining our industry leadership. And then on the outdoor side, we've got about 400 nodes in the U.S, and we've added about 20% of the portfolio this year. We'll keep pacing that as well. We maintain our disciplined view of again, any asset investment and outdoor DAS fits squarely into that disciplined view, which is we'll build them when we think we can hit the return or exceed it, but we are also careful about overbuilding and we avoid that.
James D. Taiclet: It's already been funded. As a result of the structure that we've had in place, we have a pretty significant amount of liquidity in a form of revolvers in place, as well as a term loan that we just put in place. So that deal has been funded really from cash on hand. And as I mentioned before, we closed in the second quarter. And as you identified, we actually paid for it in July.
James D. Taiclet: I think I just kind of refer back to the comments that I made in my remarks, Kevin. I mean, our capital allocation strategy has been consistent since the day I arrived here and was in place prior to that. And it is first looking back to reinvest back into our business. We have a required dividend. That is our principal way of returning capital to our shareholders. We will continue to look at acquisitions wherever they may be globally in the U.S., as well as international. And we have our buyback program. We're doing everything within the construct of our risk-adjusted hurdle rates, as well as our capital structure, and we're very committed to our 3x to 5x net debt to EBITDA. We have a tremendous amount of liquidity that we have available to us. And to the extent that there are opportunities to invest in the form of acquisitions going forward that meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates, then we will look to returning cash back to shareholders using the share repurchase program. It's pretty simple.
James D. Taiclet: Kevin, this is Jim Taiclet. We don't vary our leverage target based on financing costs. We work within our range, and we consistently do that and we've got a 5- to 10-year time horizon for that range. And the reason the range is set where it is, is so that we can implement our growth strategy at the appropriate time with the appropriate transaction. And that may be in a tight period of credit markets as we talked about. So driving leverage to the high end of our range when we don't necessarily need to doesn't really fit within our strategy simply because the rates are cheap. But what I will say is the global opportunity set that we can offer by having capabilities to transact really anywhere in the world allows us to pick and choose when we invest. We don't have to stretch in any market, for example, the U.S. for a big or a small deal because we've got global aperture, and we can look at opportunities anywhere and we've executed on those in 4 continents now. At the end of the day, if we are coming through a period of time where the opportunities aren't that robust, at least the ones that meet our hurdle rates, we will buy back stock. And Tom already mentioned that. I want to reiterate it. But it's based on, again, an -- essentially an ongoing optimization of the opportunity set, our leverage, and we do take financing cost into consideration as part of that. It's really an integrated capital allocation strategy, and it doesn't hinge on one thing like interest rates.
James D. Taiclet: Well, network sharing is part of our risk assessment of every market. And based on regulatory requirements for auctions and allocated spectrum, based on the competitiveness of the major carriers and based on the short and unsuccessful history of attempts to do this in the past in the U.S., we don't see it as a high-level risk for our company. In fact, I would put it in the not material area given what we know today.
James D. Taiclet: Europe's a different situation than the United States, probably one that we don't have time to cover today, Lukas, so why don't we take that offline and we can do a comparison for you. But the headlines are that Europe is an over-built network situation versus the U.S., which is an under-built network situation, but we can offer more color if you want to get back to us after the call.
James D. Taiclet: Yes, Rick, it's Jim. On the land CapEx, the best way to characterize it is a mix variation, right? So some quarters, our teams are going to have more success on the extension side of things, which is not going to show up in CapEx. Other quarters, they're going to have more success based on the landlords they happen to talk to that quarter on actual sale of the land to us, which we'll show in CapEx. So as Tom was saying, I mean, we've done all together 5,000 extensions or purchases or easements over the past couple of years, and that mix can change quarter-to-quarter, and that's why you see the variation there. As far as sale-leasebacks that we have done as a corporation, we have one with SBC, now AT&T, that we brought on with the SpectraSite acquisition. We've also got Alltel that's now, of course, owned by Verizon, and we have AirTouch, also owned by Verizon. So there are 3 of those. I think the total tower count is about 4,200 across those, out of the 22,000 or so we have in the United States total.
James D. Taiclet: It is. I mean, on the Alltel sites, it's about $100 million, and on the AT&T sites, it's about $500 million. Okay, with that, I think we are finished and conclude for the day. I really appreciate your attention this morning. To the extent that anybody has any further questions, please give Leah or myself a call. We'll be here. And again, really appreciate your attention. Thanks very much.
Thomas A. Bartlett: And Batya, on the U.S. side, on core growth, we would expect kind of for the full year in that 9% range. So pretty consistent with where we are in the -- from the first half and relative to core organic growth, which is that growth coming from existing sites, we are about 7% -- just over 7% in the second quarter, and I would expect that to be at the same level in the third and the fourth quarters.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes. Sure, Simon, I'll take the first one, and then Jim can take the second one. With regards to our dividends, as you saw in my script and Jim referred to it as well, we're looking at in 2012 kind of a payout between $0.87 and $0.90 per share, about $350 million. We entered the year with just over $1 billion of NOLs, and I would expect that we won't use – we'll use than $200 million of NOLs in 2012. And keep in mind, I'll caveat that by saying there's still half of the year to go, and there's still a lot of things that can go on within the second half of the year, but kind of my current forecast is that we'll use less than a couple hundred million dollars. So you can kind of continue that forward and get a sense of what future years might bring. It may accelerate a bit, but our overall dividend payout remains the same that we would expect it to grow faster than AFFO growth, which we're targeting, it's our goal to have that continue at that mid-teen growth over time.
Thomas A. Bartlett: And on the second question, we remain incredibly excited about what we're seeing in the international markets. I mean, what we saw in terms of foreign currency impacts in the second quarter again largely translation impacts coming through on intercompany balances, that's how we principally fund our international investments, and we were even able to offset the impacts of the strengthening of the dollar in the second quarter and we continue to believe we'll do that for the balance of the year. And so if you take a look for the last couple years in terms of where the dollar and local currency was, I mean it kind of goes the other way. So we believe that we continually invest the money that we're generating in international markets back into the international markets. The revenue and expenses are in local currencies, and we're really excited about a lot of the trends that we're seeing in terms of new growth, in terms of new market entrants, continued deployment of new technologies and the rapid demand by which our counterparties are building out their networks.
Thomas A. Bartlett: No, I mean, as Jim mentioned, I mean, the construct for the whole REIT environment gives us flexibility in terms of what we have in the REIT and what we keep in the taxable REIT structure. And as we've mentioned in the past, what we have in taxable REIT structure is real estate. So to the extent that we ever did start to trigger some of the asset test that we have within the REIT structure, we would be able to move the TRSs or the assets internationally into the REIT, and we would then be looking to distribute out the taxable income, 90% of the taxable income, in those that's generated from that asset that we brought into the REIT out to our shareholders, but it would continually give us headroom to continue growth in our international markets. And that's how many REITs actually manage their international structure. Most of the REITs that have international assets actually have those assets in the REIT itself, and so that's definitely a part of the strategy for us to the extent that, as I said, we trigger some of those tests.
Thomas A. Bartlett: There's no significant changes in this quarter versus prior in terms of bad debt. I did mention that we did have the reversal of that one bad debt item down in Mexico relative to a reserve that we had created a number of years ago when that particular customer was going through a restructuring. It was both an expense and a revenue impact. Other than that, nothing. Jim had mentioned in India that we've actually cared for the 4 carriers there that we don't believe we'll be continuing to operate in that particular market. And that overall had a revenue impact in the year probably between $3 million and $4 million, which as Jim mentioned, we've largely cared for already in the first half and is obviously part of our ongoing forecast.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, a couple thoughts. I think it's also a function overall of kind of the conversion rates. We're, George, in kind of a major area of expansion at this point in time. And I think the conversion rates going forward at the gross margin level, particularly when you take out pass-through will be in that kind of 80% to 85% range of increasing. And EBITDA margin rates continually at the rate that we are expanding, I would say, in the mid to upper 60s. I believe that SG&A expense, as I've mentioned in the past, kind of peaked at around that 10% level, the cash SG&A cost last year. And we'll see a decline in that this year. And as a percentage of revenue and as we continue to add to the revenue stream, I think we've built the foundation to be able to see and enjoy continued declines in SG&A, cash SG&A as a percentage of revenue. So I think that will help drive up the margins longer term to kind of north of the 65% range.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Sure, Mike. I mean, you're exactly right. I mean, our -- looking from outlook to outlook, we're probably up by $25 million or $30 million in existing sites, and up to $10 million to $15 million in new sites. So that's principally driving what my remarks that I had made before in terms of the outperformance driving the FX impacts and the delay, if you will, Uganda late closing. The international piece – or let me start with the U.S. piece. The U.S. piece probably makes up about 1/3 of that or about $10 million. And that's a function of a couple things. One is the pipeline of activity that we see and the leasing activity that we see in the second quarter as a result in addition to some churn that we actually expected early in the year, which we're now -- is pushed out later in the year. So that's going to drive $10-plus million of it. On the international side, we do have the 700 additional sites that we picked up in the acquisition in Brazil. We do have outperformance in Asia, as well as in Africa, both in South Africa and Ghana, that are helping to drive that. We also have the reserve in that company in Mexico that we reflected in the second quarter that's now part of our overall guidance. So overall, we have about $45 million, $46 million of incremental new business that's offsetting the FX impacts in that Uganda late closing. And as I said before, it's kind of 25% is in the United States with the balance happening outside of the United States. Hopefully that helps.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Well, I think longer term, as we've said in the past, we would expect our international core organic growth to increase. One of the ways that we show it is showing organic core growth, a function of sites that we acquired more than 12 months ago. Well, many of those sites now are starting to come into the existing site organic growth. So where the U.S. is in, as we talked about before in a question kind of in that 7%, 8%, 6% to 8% kind of range, I would expect the international to be up in the 10% to 13% just because of the newness of the markets, new technology being deployed, and the fact that they're either 1 or 2 generations of technology behind the United States. That's what makes them so exciting for us. So perhaps, the ongoing core organic growth should increase a bit. And then the new sites is a function of acquisitions that we have in the pipeline, and that's very difficult to project.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Let me just go through that again, Rick. I mean, what we're saying is we're raising the overall EBITDA guidance by about $10 million, and we're eating through $24 million of additional FX headwinds and about $3 million as a result of the delayed closing Uganda, so about $27 million. So overall, we're increasing our kind of core EBITDA by about $37 million, if you will. About $13 million of that is coming from our domestic rental and management segment. We have about $5 million coming from our services business, and the balance is coming kind of across the board from our international segments. The piece that you mentioned in terms of the reserve on the company in Mexico is a piece of that, but we're also seeing incremental activity from our other markets as a result of outperformance, in addition to the activity in Brazil as a result of that recent acquisition.
