Jeff Finnin: Yeah overall when you look at the property tax run rate we would expect for the second half of this year to generate about a $0.5 million incremental FFO to the bottom line for the back half of the year so about the $0.01 a share.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah I think overall when you look at the increase in revenues, Manny, there’s really three things that’s driving the increased revenues. If you look at overall we just got better visibility into the remainder of the year obviously plus what we were able to generate in sales for the first half. In addition the lease that we signed at SV3 add some incremental revenue there associated with the particular customer that the – this second quarter. And then thirdly the continued growth of our interconnection business as Tom alluded to. And as I mentioned in my call you know interconnection grew up in excess of 20% per quarter, all of that’s been factored into the overall revenue guidance. And then ultimately you just need to assess how much of that you really drop under the bottom-line that incremental revenue a large portion of that if not substantially would be dropped into the bottom-line with the exception of some offset for power expense. So if you take that on the top line you’ve got some, you’ve got the property tax run rate that comes down by $0.5 million on the back half of the year offset to some extent with the non-real estate depreciation that I mentioned in my prepared remarks as well. Hopefully all that gets it to about the $0.05 to $0.06 I guess it’s really $0.06 at the midpoint in the guidance.
Jeff Finnin: Hey Jon its Jeff. A couple of things when you look at the year-to-date amounts of the capitalized leasing cost, you’ll see that we’ve incurred about $9.4 million of total leasing cost. One item that is driving that higher this year and we’ve talked a little bit about it on previous calls is related to purposely going out in retaining and renewing our customers here in the marketplace that is leading to some higher associated commissions in line with the transaction we did back in 2012 with the previous owner of that business. So that amount is, is in the first six months that amounting resulted in about $4.2 million here in the first half. That together with the transaction we signed at SV3 is leading higher commissions as well as we had one incremental commission on an office lease that we finalized and put into place and commenced here in the second quarter at SV1 in the Bay Area.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah the cash backlog number is $10.8 million Jordan.Jordan Sadler – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Perfect thanks guys.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah I’d say as we sit here today and you’ll see the 10-Q filed later this – I guess actually probably tomorrow or Friday, that number is at $8.9 million.
Jeff Finnin: Sure with regard to occupancy and our ability to meet demand I think absolutely we disclosed some of our occupancy statistics in terms of the stabilized portfolio Jon from the net lease out. The development properties that have been delivered but are not yet stabilized. So if you look at total availability across the portfolio and you include the three we’re about to deliver at VA2 over the next handful of months. We’re about 79% to 80% occupied, so we feel like we’ve really maintained and we’ve been running at that number somewhere between 75% and 85% for the last four years. So our expectation at growth from the turnkey data center capacity that we deliver to the market frankly is the same as it’s been for the last 4 years. I think what’s a little bit different right now is thatVA2 and NY2 investments bring tremendous additional scalability. That low incremental investment relative to that replacement cost. So as we view it honestly John, we do our internal growth opportunity right now better than it’s been over the last 4 years, same within the existing store with a lot more on the attractive follow on capability we’ve ever had.
Jeff Finnin: And I think at the highest level we’ve talked about, there’s a meaningful discount between our revenue per rack between some other folks in the industry and us, and we’ve been working purposely to close that gap. We’ve closed a portion of it, but frankly there’s a lot of head room left to work on and we continue to believe in our ability to keep moving that up, moving up ARPU and close more of that gap.
Jeff Finnin: We don’t have it in our fingertips, Johnson it will be probably, technically it will be a little bit higher than in the past because of the large lease at SV3 which was an existing customer, the end user under that was not an existing customer. So that there’s a new relationship there, but because of the SV3 lease, we typically run in that kind of 65% to 80% range. It wouldn’t surprise me if it’s little bit higher on the cube. We’ll have to go look at that, we didn’t check it this time.
Jeff Finnin: And Dave, in terms of the other question around Q3 versus Q4 variability, the only thing to be sure you factor in is Q3 is typically our one quarter where our power expense tends to be higher just do the summer rates. So you will generally see a reduction in the overall contribution from the power portion of our revenues, just keep that in mind as you look at Q3 versus Q4.
Jeff Finnin: Let’s just take the highest level one on the transaction again SV3 and again we, we just can’t give you guys any granular financial data related to the lease that went out, the lease that went in but at the highest level the building is four computer rooms. The existing tenants before this provision to occupy and leased off four of them. We leased two of those rooms for a total of 26,000 feet to a new customer. And half of that space or in this case 12,500 just because the size of rooms but the first room has already been vacated by the old customer. And the new customer has moved into it. And that, the earning from that are now coming through our income statement beginning in Q2 that was there. A year from now, two years from now the second computer room, the remaining square footage of the total 26,000 that room expires by its own terms on the prior customer. And the new customer has already leased it from us.
Thomas Ray: There’s been no change so yeah I’m sorry if we confused it this quarter but the prior tenant, get back our computer room, upon execution of the new lease were surely after execution of the new lease. The prior tenant will surrender another room in accordance with the terms of the lease. And that second room is already pre leased to the new tenant and that’s, that’s the story of the new tenancy.
Thomas Ray: You bet. And Jon I would add you’re getting four for one on this, that’s okay because we love you. As to Chicago what we said in the prepared remarks we’ll evaluate it since we’re – we have a little bit of availability in our Chicago one asset to convert, to data center capacity still but that’s not going to last forever. And so our next move in Chicago might necessarily would be a little bit larger move than just converting one floor of 20,000 feet. And so it just takes thought we’re going to look at all of our opportunities for our capital and look at the broader operating environment and make a decision. So we just, we haven’t made any decisions regarding what or when in Chicago and we can’t guide anybody else and what was the fourth question? Steven Bryan I think it’s – again we’re doing what we wanted to do this year. And you’re right we have very good people executing in their roles and producing quantified results. I think the only thing I would add is just, underscore what we said over the last two quarters and then what we said in this script and that is in order to hit the quota coverage that we would like to hit and we expect to hit as a run rate at the end of this year. We need to be substantially fully staffed with quota bearing heads by the end of Q2 then we met that objective. We were 94% then I would characterize the 6% as fairly standard churn and so what we wanted to have for complimented of – of quota bearing reps in place and we’ve done that. Hats off to Steven Bryan and hats off to our HR group, Veena Bricker and a lot of internal staffing. So we what I would add is, I think we’re executing and doing what he came here to do.Jonathan Atkin – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Thomas Ray: And John just a little bit more color on the occupancy as Tom brings up the difference between our pre-stable and stable pools. On the pre-stable, just keep in mind as we go into 2015 first quarter, we outline on page 18 exactly when those pre-state pools or developments will come into our stabilized pool. And so that may have some impact on the occupancy, it just depends ultimately the percentage occupied ultimately when they roll into the stabilized pool. Secondly on your other question around MR per [indiscernible] the revenue growth is just shy of 8% year-over-year is really coming away from three component, first of all it is as those customers renew we are getting some uplift from a rental perspective and you know our numbers reflect that in terms of the rent growth we reported this quarter and in previous quarters, so that’s part of it. Secondly is just the incremental cross connect and interconnection revenue coming as those customers add incremental cross connects. And thirdly it would relate to some level of incremental power to the extent they’re adding power in that same particular space.
Thomas Ray: Yeah look, I think the spread should follow market racks and relative to the trailing 12 we expect you know the rest of this year to be more favorable. So we’ll have to see what that leads to, but the markets are, I think, more healthy. And I think we’re executing in the markets more favorably than we did on the trail, so hopefully that will lead to not pressure, but some upside in terms of 2015 explorations, look Jeff we have a very disciplined process around doing a deep dive on the top 20 roles and getting very specific information about those. And then we do a statistical analysis on what’s left over and we look at the in place ramp versus where we think the market is. And we don’t see anything out there that is concerning, and in terms of more specifics around churn and market to market, they’ll come out with our new guidance at the beginning of the year, but I would say we think we’re pretty disciplined about looking at that, and there are no bombs hiding out there.
Thomas Ray: We can’t provide any financial information that would lead to back solving the restructuring of the tenant that gave some space back or the economics of the tenant moved in. We can say it is MPB and FFO positive, we think that across the Bay area market, when you look at everything we’re doing there; we’re probably a couple pennies up. Two sets of FFO more favorable to the company’s bottom line across that old market than we thought we’d be at the beginning of the year. And there’s a component of GAAP that is related to the SV3 transaction and that’s the best we can give people.
Thomas Ray: Yeah, it is what we’ve been saying, the bottom line is we have capacity in most of our markets we were out and we were headed out towards running out in Virginia first, so we’ve addressed that and we wanted to have a stronger presence in New York, so we’ve addressed that as a strategic goal. In addressing those strategic objectives, we have laid out what we foresee as our best internal growth capability we’ve ever had. So we’ve always liked having a disciplined balance sheet that leads to – that can support potential opportunities down the road. For other strategic objectives, may be to use that tool may be you don’t, but we like having that weapon available to us, which is a balance sheet with room in it. We have the ability to grow tremendously off the investments that are on the plate right now. So I would say we’re very happy with the risk return profile of the company. It would be different if we were also out of inventory in LA and out of inventory in three or four other markets. We’d be having a different discussion, but we have room to run in most of our markets, we’ve addressed two big strategic moves on the East Coast. We do need to start thinking about Chicago and in Santa Claire over the next couple of years. We have landed developing Santa Claire should we choose to and we just like the risk return profile and importantly we like the capital profile of how we run the business right now. We’re happy and we think we’re going to do good things for our investors.
Thomas Ray: You know sincerely. I don’t think I’ve had challenging discussions about cross connections, certainly in the last quarter in Q2 to date, I sincerely think that 99% of the discussions I’ve had about cross connection Open IX have been with mostly analysts, not customers.
Thomas Ray: Well you will see a commencement and a churn –Colby Synesael – Cowen and Company: Yeah in 2015 but you’ve already all the pieces have been figured out in terms of what goes where.
Thomas Ray: I think that’s a good way to model as you look at the rest of the share absolutely.Colby Synesael – Cowen and Company: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas Ray: Well you know we were pleased, our bitter concern really was from this point forward in the market as a significant amount of new supply hits the market. So I’d say that, I think rents in the market on a year-over-year basis were up about 6% on the trail versus the you before then for us at CoreSite in northern Virginia again our big concern was going forward. And we’re, there is just a lot of activity in the market. There are lot of big block deals in the market that are not CoreSite deals but other people might be interesting in them. And that might take some of the pressure off absorb some of that spec supply early. And the kind of activity we’re seeing is completely consistent with what we are seeing ever since we’ve been in that market. It’s an amazingly broad market in terms of the sources and demand. You have an attractive cost of power there so for regional requirements Virginia has been an area that’s one lot of out of market regional base requirement let’s say a company wants big presence in the East and the West. Virginia captures some of that out of region demand we have a great government situation there. You have an excellent internet and telecom demand base there. I shouldn’t have said great government situation but, you have demand from the government. And so there was a very broad base of demand generators across industries and which has led a very steady absorption. So we are there’s the chance and I mean really we just have to get side right now it is little more than I hope. But there’s reason to be hopeful that some of these big blocks of supply will get taken out reasonably early and lead the continued stability in that market. But we are going to have to see pens put to paper for that to happen.
Thomas Ray: I would say we do feel on the margin better about continuing the traction Virginia that we’ve been enjoying at VA1. The situation for us in Virginia is different than New York. It’s a – it’s really a new market for us. We had to lease up with the staff up as you guys know and we are finishing that process. In Virginia we have a team on ground and we got an excellent team on the ground for quite some time. And so we think we’re going to be better able to just keep marching in Virginia rather than even to start things up as we needed to do in New York. So we’re optimistic, we are hopeful the funnel has some new good opportunities in it. And we will just see what happens but we would hope that will go little bit faster than that startup Phase in NY2.
Thomas Ray: I think that decision is really driven by the enterprise decision to what extend to use the public cloud versus the private cloud. And the private cloud environment is quite often going out to a third party data center provider. And that decision is still driven by security and cost. We haven’t really seen it, I think that will continue to be the case. So for workloads that are not highly secure and that are may be less predictable. When you have something that isn’t very sensitive and you need burst capacity or you need capacity for certain amount of time. The public cloud is a great way to solve for that need. When you have a very predictable set of very large long-term workloads I think we still see enterprises find better economics in putting those in a private cloud and using their own infrastructure. So the issues surrounding when enterprises go to the public cloud versus when they do it on their own, have been around for a number of years and I think they are holding steady. I just think you see such tremendous growth in data in bits and bytes in workloads that the public clouds are growing very rapidly and you see private cloud activity growing very rapidly as well.Jonathan Petersen – MLV & Co.: Okay. Can you give us any examples of may be like stand out sectors whether its healthcare financials or energy or any of that we could think of is like a typical tenant of CoreSite and what kind of applications they run are there any good examples for that.
Thomas Ray: You might think of it more in terms of workloads or requirements been companies or industries. I mean the financial service industries or health care industry might have a greater portion of its workload in data that they want to keep secure and in private. But let’s take up any of those companies to extent they have visual mundane back office needs for their own internal networks, employee email. That’s not sensitive so when they are very comfortable putting that into public cloud environment. And then the only question is cost. Is the public cloud going to be less expensive or more expensive. I think just like real estate, when a user in the cloud environment knows how much data storage and processing capacity they need and they know they’re going to need it for a long time. I think they can still get a better deal if they use private club. When they have to burst the public cloud makes sense. So for any company they have some information that is sensitive. They have some information that isn’t. So that’s the security filter by which they look at public versus private clouds. And then separately you have a cost filter.Jonathan Petersen – MLV & Co.: Okay I appreciate the color. Thank you
Thomas Ray: Alright. We just want to thank everybody for being on the call and joining us as we look at in front of us. We feel like we really started to generate some momentum in the first half of the year. Our objective is to leverage off that and accelerate it in the second half of the year. We want to thank the people at CoreSite we always thank our investors and our board which we do again but the people at CoreSite have driven what you’re seeing unfold in front of you right now been its on their backs and their hard work that it’s happening. We are grateful to them, we think we have a great road in front of us. And we think we’re off to the races so we are going to keep working on serving customers being disciplined about where we send our cash and just driving returns to our common equity. Thanks for your time.
