Thomas Bartlett: Brett, it's Tom. It won't be a function of our internal reorganizations, if you will. And it is a very difficult long process, I must say, that our advisors and our internal tax groups have gone through to determine it. And it's a function of going back and looking at the details from a tax perspective of results since the beginning of time. So it's almost impossible to try to correlate it with what you may see on our GAAP financial statements. We will, as our board approves, would look to approve a distribution in the future, we will be providing more color on that clearly. It's not a material item, as I have said in the past. I don't think it's a significant item going forward. But we will be providing a lot more color on that throughout the year.
Thomas Bartlett: Well, and that's what we've been trying to do with our conversions rates and kind of giving you a sense of what kind of conversion we've had in our legacy sites, in the domestic, it's over 90%. And if you take a look at the new domestic disclosure that we've had, you can actually see growth in that business and from a margin standpoint, on a quarter and a year-over-year basis. What we hope to be able to continue to do, Brett, is continue to invest in these markets domestically, as well as internationally, to continue our top line growth going forward for many years to come. But I think the Domestic business is a reflection because we did acquire a fair amount of sites in the United States during 2010, and you can still see the kind of revenue and profitability accretion in the marketplace. But as I said, we hope to be able to do both revenue growth, invest and be able to maintain the margins. As I mentioned in my remarks, without pass-through, our margins are at over 70% and they’ve been that way for the last two years, and we're planning on at that level in our outlook for 2011.
Thomas Bartlett: David, it's Tom. With regard to the growth, the 16% growth that I was talking about before was on a consolidated basis. The U.S. growth, if you're looking at the kind of 2010 growth, is in the kind of the 11% gap growth. We're looking at kind of 9-ish, 9-plus percent growth, if you will, on GAAP growth. And our core growth in 2011 will be roughly equivalent on a consolidated basis to our GAAP growth of 15%. So I think you were comparing the consolidated versus the Domestic growth trends. So hopefully that clears that up. Relative to Brazil, first of all, on the valuation, we're paying roughly 11x to 12x cash flow. The typical sites that we are picking up are higher-valued sites, good tenancy, good opportunity for growth, largely in the Sao Paulo area. So I think relative to the EBITDA and the valuation, it's a very attractive transaction for us and further solidifies our position with our existing customers because those towers that we're acquiring have a similar distribution of customers as we do in our larger portfolio. Relative to the timing of the transaction, we have an agreement in place. We do expect to close this in the very near future. The reason that I didn't include it in outlook is that we're still working through exactly the impact of this business on our existing operations. We're integrating it into our existing operations. We don't expect it to be significantly different from those numbers that I actually included in my remarks. But I didn't include it in outlook, and will include it in outlook once the transaction closes.
Thomas Bartlett: If you put some numbers on it, no LightSquared and Clearwire is less than half what we have had in 2010.
Thomas Bartlett: Gray, this is Tom. Let me look at it because David asked the question before in terms on a consolidated growth and organic growth. As I mentioned before, at the consolidated level, GAAP consolidated growth was 16% in 2010. And we've just laid out a forecast that we'll get that roughly to 15%, which is equivalent of core growth in 2011. Our GAAP kind of same tower growth on a consolidated basis was in the 9% range on a consolidated basis, and our core growth overall for the year on a consolidated basis was about 11%. And our core same tower growth organic was in kind of in the 4% to 5% range. On the U.S., just looking at the U.S. on a consolidated for Domestic business, our GAAP growth was about 11%. Our GAAP same tower growth or organic growth was about 9%. Our core growth was in the 7% to 8% and our core same tower growth was in the 5% to 6% range. And as I mentioned in 2011, our GAAP and core growth will be in that kind of 9% range, 90% of that being organic. At the consolidated International level, our GAAP core growth is over 40%, as I talked about a few minutes ago, and our GAAP same tower organic growth is around 10%, with our core growth in International being roughly 30%. If you peel that one back, it does vary significantly from market-to-market. I mean, India, as you would expect, it had a significant GAAP growth. It also had a significant amount of growth that came from acquisitions. Brazil had GAAP growth in the 20% to 25%, if you will, in 2010. In 2011, we're looking at that probably going down to about the 15% range. And in Mexico, we had GAAP growth, significant GAAP growth, if you will, of about 6% to 7%. GAAP same tower growth was about 6% to 7%, and we would expect that to maintain itself in 2011.
Thomas Bartlett: Simon, it's Tom. With regards to the REIT international, not at all. The REIT does not get in our way at all in terms of how we're growing any part of our business any part around the world kind of full stop. With regards to the leverage, we continue to believe that the 3.5x is really our sweet spot and kind of our target leverage, our range is still the kind of 3x to 5x. We do have over $800 million of cash sitting on our balance sheet largely as a result of what we raised at the end of last year. And that was really in anticipation of a lot of the transactions, the kind of the 4,000 towers that I laid out, and Jim and I laid out before. So I mean that cash was earmarked for these deals that we have planned. And so we remain committed to the 3.5x. And our philosophy is not to go out into the market and raise cash ahead of time significantly just because the rates are sufficiently low. We want to make sure from a capital allocation process that we've got a use of proceeds and a use of cash, and we'll continue to manage it that way. That's been our philosophy, and we’re firmly committed to that.
Thomas Bartlett: Rick (sic), this is Tom. I don't think our philosophy has changed on that. I think we've just found ourselves focusing more in on some of those higher cost sites, if you will. And we've found ourselves having kind of the right people on our team to be able to help negotiate those things and work through those things. So we had great success, I think, in 2010 generating some good rates of return, and we're going to continue that and commit more capital to it in the hopes of being able to achieve those same levels of returns.
Thomas Bartlett: This is Tom. I really want to thank you all for joining us. Jim and I and the employees of American Tower are really pleased to report the earnings today. We're very proud of them. We think we're well positioned for 2011. 2011 is going to be an exciting year for us given the integration activity that's going to go on within the business, all of the acquisitions that we have planned and to further working to make ourselves REIT ready by the end of the year.
James Taiclet: Brett, it's Jim. Just to complement what Tom is offering here, we're essentially setting out growth platform for the future. And I think as we move through the rest of 2011 and beyond, the revenue growth that is going to be built off that platform is going to be pretty exciting. And then, as Tom said earlier, the actual SG&A platform itself should not need to grow much more after 2011.
James Taiclet: And, David, it’s Jim. You can be assured, we approached this particular deal with the same discipline and process that we have for Domestic, International deals in the past. Now I would look at this particular business as a third party tower operator as kind of the SPECTRO site of Brazil. It's really a strong number to us. We really like the business, they've leased it up nicely and we're paying 11x to 12x cash flow for it, which in that market, we think is quite reasonable for a good asset.
James Taiclet: Jason, it's Jim. On the technology front, we actually look at the light radio product as an early-stage technology that's an opportunity for our company in a couple of dimensions. One is, we think we can potentially use it in our DAS systems being an advancement to what we have available today if the promises that are being made by the OEM are going to come true. So there's a plus there for us. And secondly, this is a technology that our external and internal engineer advisors tell us is more suited to really dense urban environments where there really aren't any towers proportionally today. So we see this as a benefit to our carriers and the tough spots where the tower access isn't there anyway. It will make them more successful and then therefore, it will make them able to invest more in the macro sites where we do provide coverage. So that's the summary on that one. As to Clearwire and LightSquared, they're de minimis in our guidance that Tom laid out for you today. The only prospects we have in there is some current market upgrades in Clearwire, and it's very small. Essentially nothing for LightSquared in the outlook.
James Taiclet: Gray, this is Jim. I'll give you a brief tour kind of around the world as to what we see. In the U.S., as I stated in my remarks, AT&T and Verizon we think are going to lead the pack this year and really try to get those customer enhancements and benefits that they see by giving increased penetration and a higher level of Smart phone and other devices. And with that, we also believe that Sprint Nextel and T-Mobile are going to have to figure out a way to stay on that trend as well. A lot less, as Tom mentioned, from any emerging carriers on the order of LightSquared or Clearwire. And also, we'll have modest contributions from MetroPCS and Leap and the other regionals as well. So it's going to be, again, in U.S. market, in 2011, we believe driven by the AT&T and Verizons, the other national carriers complemented by the rest of the carrier group there. If you move down to Mexico, there has been a spectrum auction that will be very interesting we think for us because Nextel was a significant winner of licenses. We understand and expect that they'll be driving a 3G overlay. Many of those installations will be on our towers with them that we already have in Mexico. Also in the Mexico City area, Telefónica garnered some licenses. We acquired a few leases with them. Again, an opportunity for some nice amendments and new tower installations there as well. If you go further south in Brazil, a similar story. There were spectrum auctions completed in late 2010. We think by late 2011 that, again, Nextel, who is a big winner of those licenses, will be rolling out 3G in Brazil. And then as you go to the markets in Colombia and Chile, also spectrum auctions, there’ll be new entrants in each of those countries, UNE and Colombia and also VTR who you’ve heard us talk about in a significant arrangement with us in Chile. So all through North and South America, both the advancements we think towards 3G and 4G in the U.S. will be our most significant market in the Western Hemisphere. As you move to the Eastern Hemisphere, start with India, there was a pent-up demand that we think will be released in 2011 due to some government restrictions on imported radio base stations and antennas last year in 2010. So we think it's sort of held back growth a bit. For us, it wasn't as big an issue because we had the SR sites to integrate and they’re ready to go for 2011. So we think it will be a good year for us in India. In addition to that, there is still plenty of voice penetration to come in a very competitive market with at least half a dozen well-established carriers that will be vying for market shares. So again very positive on India's prospects for us in 2011. And then as we move into our newest markets of South Africa, that's more of a Mexico-type situation, pretty good voice penetration. But a lot of work to do on 3G and ultimately 4G data starting, we think, this year in South Africa. And then Ghana is an earlier stage situation similar to a Colombia where there’s still voice penetration to go, complemented a little bit further out by data. So we see that as the landscape, Gray. Hopefully, that was a fairly comprehensive brief world tour for you.
James Taiclet: And, Simon, it's Jim. Just to cycle back to the proportion of revenue that we're targeting for international, the public statement is still 25% to 30% is what we're looking for. If and when we achieve that range, we'll update it for you. But right now, we're looking for 25% to 30%. And the U.S. as I've said, is growing both in assets and in organic growth right along the way. So it's quite an endeavor to keep up or exceed that growth level.
James Taiclet: Phil, it's Jim. We don't speak to specific customer negotiations. But what I will tell you is that our performance with Sprint has been, as it’s historically been over the last few years, meaning we've had almost 100% renewals on iDEN and Sprint sites recently. We treat that contract base as something that’s very precious for us. We are not going to make concessions, frankly, on cash for a straight line. That's not an approach we would take. And we're going to work with Sprint to try to make them successful while maintaining and sustaining our contract and our revenue base position with them.
James Taiclet: Phil, yes, it's Jim. I have spent time in Washington, as have others, proposing that this is the best, most effective answer from a public policy perspective, which is government-owned spectrum managed by the federal government in collaboration with local first responder organizations, but that the network itself could be operated on an outsourced basis by a current carrier who could bring the technical and management expertise to do that. This idea seems to be getting traction. So we're pleased that maybe we've had a little bit of positive input into that process. Having said that, you still need funds to go ahead and roll that kind of a project out. There are significant funds that will be required. It may or may not be tied to some spectrum auctions a little bit down the road. But we do think, again, if you're taking a decade-long perspective like we are here, that it's a fairly reasonable probability that by the end of the decade, we have a national public safety network.
James Taiclet: And from an overall environment perspective, again, thanks for everyone being on the call. We are strong advocates of the belief that broadband mobility is going to be and continue to be a pervasive and desirable product for consumers. And the U.S., that's going to be a leading market for these kinds of products. We're well positioned here. And we also believe that as time goes forward, depending on the specific country, that same phenomenon is going to get traction over the next few years. We're positioning ourselves both in the U.S. and in selected places overseas to take advantage of the primacy of mobile broadband and through 3G and 4G service for millions and millions of people literally around the world. So that's our investment thesis, we hope you share it, and we thank you for being on the call this morning.
