Thomas M. Ray: Yes. You might recall in the second half of 2013, we renewed our primary lease here in Denver. That Denver facility was part of the Confluent acquisition back in April 2012. As a result of that renewal, we were -- are now able to go and renew those customers inside that particular data center. And we've got emphasis and particular focus on getting that done here in 2014. And as a result, that led to the increase in the run rate associated with those lease commissions. I would say that on average, you could see those lease commissions on a quarterly basis being somewhere between $2 million to $4 million per quarter through 2014 as we get those leases renewed in Denver.
Thomas M. Ray: We have. I don't have the data at my fingertips, Manny, but I think our channel production in Q1 was roughly double that of the trail. I wouldn't describe -- I wouldn't position that as a permanent increase in the run rate, although we do think we can get to that point, but the short strokes are we had a very good Q1 in terms of the channel. But I think that there's a lot of lumpiness in that outperformance. At the same time, we have been pretty methodically adding to our channel capabilities. Number one, signing agreements with new partners, that's been going very well. And now we're well into the process of training them, getting them up to speed on our product catalog and pricing and us doing the same with them so that the organizations can work effectively together. So yes, we have seen very good channel results in Q1. And that process of building that team continues.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes. I mean, you reconcile it just by NPV and IRR-based math. In New York and Virginia, I mean, to make this as clear as we can, we do expect to sign some larger deals that are probably going to be at pretty low rates. And if those markets, we were -- our assets there were 80% full, and as such, most of the capital that we'd outlaid in the market was already being productive, and we had a small amount of available capital deployed not yet leased, we would not go look to go to those deals. But in each of those markets where you have a large new development with a lot of run rate, as we've said, ever since we've been public, we found it advantageous. We found that NPV and IRR are positive to go out and sign -- to move velocity faster in a new development. What we are not interested in doing, what we try to avoid, is signing low rent deals without breaker power without a lot of cross-connects for -- when the tenant can tie up the space for 15 or 20 years. So look, if we can go to a 5-year deal that -- and the economics of that deal are highly to produce a strong return on the next tranche of capital to build out in that same building, our investors win. So that's been our model for 15 years. We've been very effective at what we call warehousing inventory with wholesale users until it's time to recycle back into our resale program. And early in the life cycle of large new developments, that's how we've always played the game, and we don't plan on changing that.
Thomas M. Ray: Regarding who we compete against, look, in each of our markets, we most strongly compete against the colocation provider that has the most dense interconnection offering, the best ability to offer high-performance solutions to performance-oriented apps and workloads and the best ability to connect lots of people and, as such, reduce operating cost. So in general, you see Equinix and, by market, other companies that are very strong, and those are the guys we compete against. And how we differentiate, look, the first differentiator -- the first and most important differentiator is again for the rest of the market. It's location, location, location. It's being on top of lots of networks, and it's having a business model that drives more and more networks, more cloud providers and more capability into the data centers. So the key differentiator is against everybody else. And then how do we differentiate against -- if we're the #2 solution in the market in terms of network density and cloud density, we really do look at it of how -- what percentage of workloads and applications will see a difference in performance between us and the other guy? And we actually think that percentage is quite low in most of our markets. And so our objectives are to drive customer service and provide the best experience in our marketplace. And we think we have an excellent reputation and a very good relationship with our customers around how we serve them. And secondly, I think we are an attractive, all-in value. We -- I think we've stated before that our all-in price point per unit of capital deployed is, in some areas, lower to substantially lower than the price point of whoever the incumbent might be in that area. And so as we've said for a long time, we can still make a tremendous amount of money and get very good returns relative to the past. And we have room to run around that while still providing our customers a very strong value. So the key is understanding the application and being able to communicate with the customer, "Okay. Somebody has 280 networks, and we have 50. Does that difference really matter to you for what you're doing here?" And we find that, that discussion has legs. What was the other question, Jon? I'm sorry.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes. I think our experience is similar to the other guys in our space, as well as the cloud guys themselves. It is working. We're seeing it, and it is accelerating. But it is -- it's not going to revolutionize our portfolio and our sales results over the next 12 months. We are seeing growth of cross-connects that is disproportionate to that of other users. We're seeing growth of cross-connects to our larger cloud partners, and we're seeing that rate of growth beginning to accelerate. So all the arrows are moving in the right direction. But it's not going to change the world overnight. And I think that's what you see from Racks and the other guys, right? So I'd say our experience is similar to the market.
Thomas M. Ray: Sales count -- the sales staffing. So we're -- look, I think we're making solid progress. Again the bodies in place are up 21% from when we last talked. Of course, those new bodies in place are not offramp, so they don't really add much to quota coverage right now. I think in the big picture, number one, the rate at which we are adding salespeople and getting them trained and making them productive and the rate at which we're increasing quota and productivity around quota has gone up over the last quarter. Steve Smith has been an extraordinarily strong hire and the vice presidents who've been here for a while and are working with Steve, are really producing, as are their people. So I guess, we just let our Q1 results stand for themselves and we look forward to working to build on that. Separately, we've tried to be transparent about where do we expect to drive quota coverage during the year, and we expect to drive that up substantially. So I don't know what else I can add on that, but if you want to follow on a question on that, feel free before we move on to the next topic.
Thomas M. Ray: DE-CIX is kind of in the middle of what you said, Jonathan. I think -- we're very pleased to have them as a partner. We're pleased to have all of our public Swiss peering partners in as many of our data centers as they want to come into. It's additive to the value of our data center on the margin. It's nice. At the same time, it doesn't change the world and it -- having those partners in next to our Any2 Exchange is not meaningful to us in terms of our profitability or our stickiness with our customers. Having the European exchanges provide greater connection over to Europe is a service component that is nice to add to our portfolio, and that's it. Nothing more, nothing less.
Thomas M. Ray: Virginia, look, we just -- yes, I think -- I don't know that I've seen enterprises making decisions more slowly. I just think rents are softer in Virginia now than they were 1.5 years from now, and we've been calling that out and it's playing out the way we expected. I can't say I've seen a change in leasing velocity, but perhaps this is not transparent to me off of our data.
Thomas M. Ray: Not really; I think you hit it. Again, we attack each new data center with a business plan of building value in it. So you start with the networks and you start working to bring clouds along with them. And so in terms of number of lease signings in the early days, that what has happened and it's been -- frankly, it's exceeded our expectations. It's been really good. Now with a very nice base in place, we're seeing a very broad set of demand from enterprises, including healthcare, in particular, and financial services in particular. No, not high-frequency trading. We've been clear, we don't expect to take that away from anybody else. But there are other aspects of that business that we are seeing in our funnel and we've seen nice movement from content. So it's -- if you think of it -- again, we look at it kind of this 3-legged stool of networks, clouds and then enterprises. And we talk about enterprises as separate from how we term enterprises or the content guys. Other people might call them enterprises, we could show an enterprise sales number of 50% of sales if we reconfigured our definitions. But the way we define it, we have content. That is very strong in the greater New York area. And then we have enterprise and that is doing very well for us in New York, in terms of the funnel and what we're seeing. So it's broadly based. And that evolution, once you establish some network and cloud density, toward those other verticals is a natural evolution that we've worked to achieve in each of our markets.
Thomas M. Ray: I think the only material sublease space I'm aware of, and frankly, it's the only sublease space I'm aware of in our portfolio is the space at SV3 in Silicon Valley. And we just took 57% of that out of the market on a 5-year term with the new customer. So we've been consistently clear for 2 years that our tenant -- our customer at SV3 isn't using a portion of their capacity and that at some point in time, we expected there to be something smart to do whereby everybody would win. And in early Q2, we -- in Q1, we executed an agreement with that customer that gave us the flexibility to go do something smart. And a couple of weeks later, we signed an attractive new lease with a customer that bid smart. It -- that set of events is NPV positive to our company, and we believe it's an attractive win for both the existing customer at SV3 and the new customer at SV3. So in our portfolio, with that building, and we've taken 57% out of the market. And we have 2 years to address the remaining 43% and now we have a mechanism in place to go do that freely where everybody can win. So we feel very good about our sublease exposure. We feel like it's small and we feel like we're in the driver's seat to be smart about dealing with it.
Thomas M. Ray: So I think in terms of number of new entrants, I think that has cooled somewhat. We don't see as many new startups with $300 million of private equity money or $150 million of private equity money. That has not happened as much now as it did a couple or a few years ago. I think that the publics continue to bring capacity to market like production builders, and I haven't really seen a change in that. I don't know any of the larger publics who's saying, "In market X or Y, I'm completely out of the space. And I'm not going to bring any more to market." I think, practically, I'm not seeing anything really different from the public guys, and there you have it. On acquisitions, I think that -- I don't -- there are always small deals for people to look at. But some of those trades, I don't think many of them trade into data center guys and colo guys like us. They trade at either to PE guys or to telcos, that kind of a thing. And I don't really see the acquisition landscape as materially different. There'd be -- the reports of impending huge scale consolidation in our industry have been out there for about 3.5 years. All I can say is we get up every day and go to work and try to create value, and that's what we focus on.
Thomas M. Ray: Sure. On the first one, compressing -- perhaps, compressing margins for the cloud guys, I think its impact on our industry is a function of the business model of the companies with the industry. We really focus on the part of the cloud service provider architecture that is oriented towards accessing a large volume of customers and being on top of a lot of networks that support that, and where performance matters to them. And there's a component of their architecture where that does matter and we've seen our pricing hold up just fine in that and I don't see it changing meaningfully. I haven't seen it change meaningfully, if at all. I think the other component of the cloud service provider's architecture that is, perhaps, more traditionally thought of as wholesale, a big block of space. Those guys are very intelligent buyers. And to the extent they gain market power, I think that will -- can have an impact on the wholesale sector. At the same time, I mean, I think those guys have been achieving quite favorable, customer-friendly rates for a couple of years now. And I don't see it going a lot lower. You just -- I would think for the wholesalers, you reach a point where you're just going to say no to putting capital out for that use. So I mean, that's how we look at it. I think, for us, we -- the cloud has been very good for our business and we think it will continue to be so, but we're not trying to land every piece of all -- of each cloud service provider's architecture. Regarding Secaucus in Virginia, I want to be clear, we're absolutely not trying to fill up those buildings with wholesale users. We're -- if you -- the Secaucus building is a plus or minus 20-megawatt building. I can see us going out and getting 1/3 of that leased. If we can get 1/3 of that leased on 3- or 5-year deals, that is going to be NPV, cash flow, IRR-positive to our company, but we do not want to load up those buildings as wholesalers. We're -- we didn't go there to be in the wholesale business.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, we've seen it go both ways, and it's a fair point, and it's -- it does happen. It also happens and I think today, we've probably seen it balance, where somebody is purchasing cloud services with an AWS and then they reach a certain level of scale, where they rolloff and go hybrid, and then they take colocation space. So I look at the general dynamic, kind of like I've looked at Moore’s Law in our industry for the last 15 years. There've always been dynamics, a component of which will point toward less demand, right, for our business. But there've always been other dynamics that point toward greater demand. And we've -- throughout all of these changes, we've seen demand grow very, very consistently. I would say 5 years ago, we worried a lot about what you've just described and we've done a tremendous amount of work around it. And we paid a lot of attention to it and we're actually very comfortable with it now with the -- the cloud has been a friend, and we expect it to continue to be so.
Thomas M. Ray: Sorry, I'm going to -- my CFO should kick me here, but I think it -- I think we'll be adding 20,000, 25,000 feet of churn into the system over the next 2 years, with the chunk of that in this year, maybe half of that this year was -- we hadn't built it in. It's not net churn, right, because it's already back-filled with a new lease. But in terms of gross churn, yes, I mean, we didn't factor the technical departure of that SV3 customer until 2 years from now at the end of their lease. Now that churn out will hit our gross churn number. But on a net basis, it's -- again, it's a positive to us. If it's a loss in terms of square footage, it's a positive in terms of cash flow.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, I think the big picture was in the latter half of 2013, we just didn't sign any, frankly, even many mid-sized deals, much less larger ones. And in Q1, we kind of saw a return to normalcy of -- and we executed a handful of 2,000-foot, 1,000-foot, 1,500 square-foot deals, which maybe those are 100-kilowatt to 200-kilowatt deals each. So these are mid-sized deals that for whatever reason, we just didn't execute on them in the second half of Q3. We have a long history of executing very well on them and we're pleased that in Q1, we again executed well. In terms of larger deals -- in terms of that business, we're optimistic that: number one, our productivity in close rates around those deals has returned to norm; and number two, that by adding more resources during the year, we're optimistic that we'll actually be able to drive sales around that up a little bit, again, by the end of the year. As for the larger deals, after 14, 15 years in this business, I've just learned that they are lumpy. There's just no way to forecast them. Our funnel is, I think, stronger around that than it's been in some time. But you never know until deals are signed. And I would -- I want to go back to the churn question. I think what we'll start doing -- what you'll probably see from us this year is you might see us report churn with, "Here's churn and here's churn excluding that one lease." And I think churn, excluding that lease, is not going to be any different than what we had been forecasting to the Street. But we'll just need to be clear about the delta with this new restructure.
Thomas M. Ray: Jordan, I think at a high level, you see the onetime cost of eliminating the COO position is essentially offset by other one-time gains, so scattering of onetime gains in Q1. And so the real delta is the $0.02 impairment on the software. And then separately, I mean -- it would be normal to say, "If your run rate is $0.51, then why did you move guidance up?" And I think that it's important to discuss quickly here. We continue -- right now, we're still evaluating the rest of our software. And so we just -- we have uncertainty as to whether we might -- as to how much longer we're going to use certain things. We just have uncertainty. So on a core basis, excluding any of those, any of that variability, there might be a little bit of upside to the midpoint of our guidance, but we're just not clear yet on those other issues. And so we stand by the guidance we've given and we're confident right now we'll make it.
Thomas M. Ray: Yes, we won't disclose any specific economics about either lease, the new one or the old one. We will say, we were able to offer an aggressive, a customer-friendly rental rate for the new customer, by which CoreSite, the new customer and the old customer, all came out ahead of where they otherwise would've been. And we wouldn't...
Thomas M. Ray: The old customer, the prior customer will continue to pay some degree of rent. And so the net of the new rent and old rent is favorable compared to the old rent. And I think comparing to mark-to-market, it would be strongly negative, but we would not have done this aggressive of a deal at this point in time but for the totality of the circumstances, putting all these pieces together. And again, that's what we've been trying to say forever. We're confident there'll be a chance for us to do something smart, and we believe we just did.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, guilty as charged for the company not having much high-frequency trading in our portfolio. And I'm sorry to say it, right? I mean the guys that do have very high-class problems. So we don't have that in -- to a meaningful extent in our company. And I wish we were struggling with where this is headed, but we're not. For the broader industry, again, I think there's -- we have estimated in the past that perhaps 20% of the space or capacity demand for data centers from the financial services market is HFT-related. So 80% is not. And if HFT contracts some, I don't think it's going to have a massive disruption on greater Jersey, New York. So there you go. I mean, I think it will impact a small part of that market, which has historically been enormously profitable, and we don't have much of that in here and that's not something we're proud about saying.
Thomas M. Ray: I think we're starting to, Jordan, probably everywhere other than Virginia. I think we're starting to. We are optimistic that 2015 might offer a little bit better balance between supply and demand in favor of the service provider, guys like us. But right now, I think, yes, there might be fewer megs [ph] under construction or breaking ground at the moment. But if you go around at each of the major markets, each one of the publics is still selling capacity. So that the current competitive landscape, I don't think has changed much and I think the combination of additional construction starts and sublease potential in Virginia means that will be a little bit softer, a little bit longer.
Thomas M. Ray: Sure. Our -- we've not seen pressure on our cross-connects. I think there is some pressure on cross-connect pricing for providers whose price points are measurably higher than ours. But for ours, no. I mean, we actually think there's probably still room to run on that. So no, we're not seeing pressure on cross-connects. And separately, I think it can be challenging to kind of follow the delta between Open-IX and public peering and cross-connects and on the Open -- or on the public peering side of our business, we're not seeing any pressure on our rates at all because our rates are incredibly low. Our -- look, our average port price across our company is now in the order of $300 a month. And so Equinix might have gone from $3,500 to $5,000, 3 or 4 years ago to $1,500 to $1,000 now. We offer our ports, our -- that business is at best a breakeven business, and that's at scale. So I think if you talked with the MCIX guys and the DE-CIX guys and the providers that things like Open-IX are trying to bring in the data centers, I think those providers would tell you their breakeven for their members is north of our price. So no, we're not seeing any pressure on our prices at all. We actually think we still have room to run and I mean, that's where we stand in the market.
Thomas M. Ray: Well, I guess the only thing different that we would point to, that we've seen is, we've done some more business now with offshore companies, Asia-based companies. So I think there's more of -- there's more native deployment from those guys now, as opposed to going through -- as opposed to just taking colo with a U.S. reseller or a U.S. guy, they are now putting more architecture across the water.
Thomas M. Ray: Thank you very much. And thanks, everybody, for sharing time with us today. Well, look, we're pleased that our Q1 results showed good financial results, but most importantly to us, frankly, strengthening, accelerating sales and importantly, accelerating sales productivity. We've been through a tremendous amount of change over the last couple of years and a tremendous amount of change over the last handful of months. And we're just proud of and thankful for the skill and the energy and the heart of our colleagues here at CoreSite. We feel like we have good things going on, that there is very strong momentum that we've captured in Q1 and we can keep driving throughout the year. So we're pretty darned excited. It's because of the people here, and we're thankful. As we go forward, look, we're just trying to drive clarity, focus and execution around the existing portfolio and the development deals we have ongoing right now. And with that, we're going to work hard to keep growing our company and driving strong returns to our investors. Thank you, again.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Barry, in terms of the churn, we don't think it will have an impact. As Tom talked about in his prepared remarks, most -- or the customer has the option to take some of that deployment and relocate in some of our other markets. And as such, if it's advantageous for them to do so, we think that, that might be the end results. We don't think it will have much impact on the churn.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes, Jordan. Yes, you're right. We had a $0.02 impairment charge, as we alluded to. And then if you look at the full quarter of 2014 as compared to the full quarter of 2013 for that departure, it's really about $400,000 in -- for the full quarter, difference this quarter over last. That was largely offset by with a couple of lease terminations that we received during the quarter, but it's about $400,000 for that particular departure.
Jeffrey S. Finnin: Yes, that -- Jordan, that lease termination fee in the first quarter was not associated with the particular transaction Tom's talking about at SV3. And again, as Tom alluded to, there will not be a lease termination fee going forward that you'd see on a one-time basis.
