Steve Vondran: Yes. Thanks, Simon. So with respect to the material M&A in the US and Europe, there are some rumors of portfolios coming available. And so I won't comment on any specific portfolios out there. But what I would reiterate is, we're very focused on our current capital allocation priorities, and in particular, delevering down below 5. Now we did give below 5 this quarter as a result of some of the onetime items, but that will likely go up above 5% next quarter. So we're focused on getting durably below 5. And we're also focused on our internal CapEx programs and the other capital priorities we've laid out there. And at this point, we haven't seen anything that we've evaluated that would take us off those priorities. So there's nothing that we're evaluating today that would be compelling for us today. And just as a reminder, anything that we would buy would need to be better than buying back our own stock. So when we look at those acquisition opportunities, we have to see an opportunity for that 1 plus 1 to equal 3 versus just kind of a growth for growth's sake. So what we're very interested in trying to grow our portfolios in the US and Europe and putting a developed markets that we're in. We aren't seeing opportunities today that look to be the right price, the right asset group for us to see that kind of synergy that would give us that opportunity today. Having said that, our teams are always evaluating everything out there and anything that comes to market, we'll evaluate if that evaluation changes, we'll let you guys know. When it comes to CoreSite, we have a lot of opportunity to invest in our existing campuses, and that's going to give us the best return on the [indiscernible] risk of any CapEx that we can deploy. And just to kind of put a fine point on it, we've got 44 megawatts under construction today and 61% of that is pre-leased. And so there's quite a bit of CapEx going into those campuses today that we feel very confident that we're going to get our mid-teens stabilized yields or better in those campuses that we're investing in. There are some tuck-ins. Miami is one example. And whenever you see us do that, the reason for us to do a tuck-in market like that is to try to build a new campus. We're very committed to our business model. We think it gives us the most resilient asset, the 1 that has the most durability over time and the best returns. And if we can create more campuses and have high interconnection cloud on-ramps in that ecosystem that commands a premium in market, we'll try to develop those. Those take time to develop, and so we do start small. And that's what you're more likely to see with us. Again, we're very committed to our business model being an interconnection hub. And there aren't many inorganic opportunities that would contribute to that model. If something did come available at that profile, we'd look at it. But today, we think we have ample opportunity to invest in that core business that's performing so well for us.
Steve Vondran: Sure. Thanks for the question. So in the US, we're seeing 2024 play out much as we expected. We've seen a modest increase in application volume in Q2 over Q1. It is fairly broad-based. The main driver continues to be our carrier customers continuing to build out their 5G network. So it is largely still amendment driven, although we do see an uptick somewhat in new colocations over prior years, I wouldn't point to that as quite a densification phase yet. There's still a lot of room for the carriers to continue to expand their 5G presence. And while we're not getting specific about individual carriers, we would say that over half of our sites are now upgraded with mid-band 5G, but one carrier is ahead of the other two. And we have one that's over 80%, one that's a little over 60% now and one that's a little bit further behind. So there's a lot of runway there for them to continue to roll out mid-band 5G across the portfolio, and we expect them to continue to do that. With respect to our services guide, we are holding our guide for the year. Now there's always a degree of risk in that services guide because it's near term, but what we're seeing in our application flow and our services by is supportive that full year guide. So we do still feel good about the US activity levels kind of hitting those levels that saw at the beginning of the year. I believe the carrier capital spend projections are right in line with that kind of $34 billion to $36 billion is what they've said publicly. And that's again supportive of a level of development that we think is typical in this phase of a build. So we feel good about the US, and we think we're going to continue to see that up-tick. And we're also seeing usage patterns by the consumer continue to drive demand on those networks, and we're seeing the continued drive of that 20% to 30% up-tick in consumer demand that's going to continue to put pressure on the networks. And we're seeing that 5G is working for the carriers. It's letting them produce more gigabytes at lower cost. So we think that, that's going to continue to be a compelling business proposition for them to build 5G and with the addition of fixed wireless and some of the positive trends we're seeing in ARPUs and things like that, we're very confident that the US market will continue to grow and build and that densification phase will come. Sorry, the dividend question.
Steve Vondran: At this point, Ric, there's no update on that. We're still waiting for the approval. And what we've said consistently is we believe it is second half of the year closing. So, I'm not sure when that's going to come out. It's hard to predict. But we do still anticipate getting that in that relevant timeframe. And in terms of closing afterwards, I think you could expect that to occur in kind of four to six weeks afterwards, somewhere in that timeframe.
Steve Vondran: Sure. I'll give a little bit of color on that. I think it depends on the geography that you're in. If you look at Europe, they've been able to deploy 5G of a large proportion of the population there. I think high 80s, low 90s and Spain and Germany for most part. That's a combination of low and mid-band spectrum to. So there's still a runway of continued opportunity there to get the mid-band deployed there. I don't have specific stats on the percentage of mid-band because it's a little bit more nuanced in that market. And in France, we have OneCare it's a little bit it's a little bit further ahead in terms of 5G than the other. So of a mixed bag there. When you look at Africa, you are seeing some 5G deployments in some of the major cities, but it's still pretty nascent there. They're still focused on their 4G networks, augmenting those and improving the network quality over time. But we do think that you'll see 5G being deployed there, especially where the population centers are over time. So there's still some runway there for those 5G upgrades to occur in Africa. In Latin America, you have a little bit of 5G that's been deployed in Brazil and a couple of the other markets, but most of those markets are a little bit further behind. And even in Brazil, I'd say it's probably nascent in terms of the 5G deployments today. In many of those markets, there's been a delay in getting 5G spectrum in the hands of the carriers. Some of that is auctions that have been delayed, and some of it is the carriers pushing for a lower entry price there. And so I think as we see that play out over time, we'll continue to see opportunity there. The other thing that's happening in Brazil is the incumbents there are still integrating the oil assets they bought and that's depressing the activities there a little bit as they deal with those integrations and combining those networks together. So I'd say it's very consistent with the way we kind of view the international markets that they're a little bit behind the developed markets, the deployment of 5G. We are starting to see some green shoots in some of those markets where they need those cheaper gigabytes that 5G delivers, and we're seeing some deployments there, but there's a lot of runway ahead to deploy it there.
Steve Vondran: Yes. Thanks, Ric. We're looking at everything in terms of cost management. And our goal is to enhance our margin profile by direct cost savings in addition to SG&A. So what you're seeing there is exactly what you would expect. We're looking at that portfolio and where we have underperforming assets that we don't think are going to see near-term activity, we are decommissioning those to save the OpEx on those and doing what's right. So we are doing some accelerated work there. Rob, do you want to touch on some of the other elements.
Steve Vondran: Sure. Let me start with the services piece of that. So our Q1 services gross margin was about twice what our Q4 2023 was and our Q2 is about 50% up from Q1. So we are seeing acceleration in that services business. And again, we believe from the pipeline that we're looking at today that we're on track to hit our full year services guide on that. And again, there's a risk in that services pipeline, and we've seen it play out a couple of times in the past, but our teams are confident at this point that we're on track to be able to do that. With respect to our MLAs, what we were -- what we've disclosed is that we had one customer that rolled off the MLA earlier this year. And so we haven't really talked specifically about anything beyond that. But because we've telegraphed that pretty clearly, I think you can get an idea that that's where we kind of where we are. Those comprehensive portions are typically 3 to 5 years, so it's not just 5 years. There's a different range on those. And since we do have 1 customer that's off of that kind of use-right fee that underpins that smoothing out of growth over time, that customer is a little bit more dependent on the volumes that they're doing. And so there will be a little bit more peaks and valleys in terms of activity with them. The works on instant we're fine either way on that. We take a long-term view of these agreements. And if getting into another holistic type of agreement makes sense, we will. And if we don't think it does, we'll stay and pay up the drink, and we're very confident in our ability to monetize that way. With respect the activity and how that translates into our organic growth over time, it's too early to be giving kind of a 2025 guide at this point. We'll do that in February, like we always do. But we are encouraged by the growth that we see in terms of the activity by the carriers. We do have one major customer who is off the holistic portion of their agreement. They still have underling MLA, but the holistic portion is expired. And so if those volumes continue, that's a positive. We also have what we call our vertical market segment, which are smaller customers, and that's also very much dependent on volume and timing on that. And we're seeing good activity there as well. So we're encouraged by that. When we look out into the future, we do have a level of contractually locked in growth for 2025 via our comprehensive MLA and that's similar to what we see in 2024 as well as consistent growth from the escalator of about 3%. On the churn side, in 2025, we're going to continue to see a level of elevated spread churn. The final tranche of that spread churn commenced in Q4 of this year, that's about $70 million of annualized monthly run rate. That will impact our growth rates through Q3 of next year. In terms of kind of the swing factors that you would see in terms of 2025, there's a portion the growth that's not locked in via the conference of MLAs. Again, I mentioned one of the big three carriers and the vertical markets. So that's a swing factor. We also have our eye on the timing and scale of any potential churn from US cellular. Over the next couple of years in the event that deal is approved and closes. We'd expect the overlap to be modest, but the timing and the scale of that churn could put some pressure on rates temporarily. And who knows, we could end up signing another conference of MLA or agreement that would also potentially impact what that number looks like. So there's a number of swing factors for 2025, and that's why we can't really give guidance until we get to February. But at the end of day, we're still confident that we're going to have continued growth supportive of our longer-term guide.
Steve Vondran: Thanks for the question. Let me just clarify, the 25% is pro forma for the India transaction. So a little bit higher today. Once we close the new transaction, we'll be at roughly 25%. And as we look at some of the macroeconomic conditions, particularly the FX headwinds that we've been seeing, that's kind of given us the choice to start pivoting a little bit more away from the exposure into those emerging market economies, given what we're seeing in the macroeconomic conditions today. So what we're doing is pivoting more of our discretionary CapEx to the developed markets. This isn't a new thing. We've been doing that for the last several years, and we haven't done an emerging market transaction in quite a few years now. And the bulk of our CapEx has been going toward developed markets. What that will do if that trend continues, and we expect it to, is it will reduce that emerging market exposure over time. We're not setting a kind of line in the sand a day for where we think it should be, but we do think it appropriate to work that percentage down over time by focusing on our developed markets. Having said that, we will continue to support our Tier 1 MNOs in those markets. We'll make some discretionary CapEx investments where it makes sense or where they meet the return criteria that we set out for markets. But in terms of expanding in those markets are looking to double down or anything. That's not something you're likely to see us do given our desire to reduce the exposure we have to that -- those emerging market economies.
Steve Vondran: Sure. I'll hit the first part of that, Rod can hit the second. We always are looking to actively manage our portfolio. So the management team and the Board regularly review our portfolio and look at the assets under our management. And we're always looking to say, what's going to create the best long-term shareholder value. And so when you think about some of the benefits that American Tower brings to these portfolios, I touched on this a little bit in my prepared remarks, but I'll reiterate it. We have operational excellence across the globe, and that operational excellence lets us drive best-in-class margins. It lets us optimize the amount of new business we get, so organic growth is better under American Tower. And so we believe that we create a lot more value for those assets that are under our umbrella than anybody else can. Now where that doesn't hold true if we think that somebody else can create more value, we would look at divesting it, and that's what we do with India. So absolutely, price is one of the considerations that would factor in when we think about whether a disposition create more value than we continue to operate it. But at this point, we think the best thing that we can do is keep those assets under our umbrella, continue to operate them in the way that we do and continue to focus on the gross margin and the growth of the organic revenue there. And if we ever do decide that a disposition is more desirable at that point, it's going to be more valuable because we've created more cash flow on the assets. So right now, that's where our decision point is. But we'll always be nimble and we'll always look to maximize the long-term value. Now there are some subscale portfolios and some ancillary businesses that we would think about. If you look at what we've done over the past couple of years, we did divest Mexico fiber. We did divest Poland, one because it was subscale, the other because we thought somebody else could maximize that business better. And so when you look at some of those portfolios in our overall portfolio, that's the type of thing that we think about. But there's no process we've announced today and nothing I would point to of any scale that we think would make sense in the short-term.
Steve Vondran: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll address demand and then I'll address who we're leasing to a separate issues. We're seeing broad-based demand from a lot of different sectors. Part of that, there's a scarcity of supply in some of the markets that we're in. But our key customer base that's driving long-term demand in CoreSite continues to be enterprises that are deploying hybrid cloud deployment, hybrid cloud technology. And we see a very long tail of that business. And it's probably helpful for me to talk a little bit about how we curate our customer mix. CoreSite doesn't just lease to just anybody who wants to lease space in their facilities, particularly when we're looking at our scale and hyperscale space that's available, we want to lease to customers that help build the ecosystem. And that's why we are pretty selective in terms of who we lease to. And so that hybrid cloud deployment is the perfect type of customer to help build that ecosystem. We are seeing demand from AI, and the inferencing layer of AI is perfectly suited for our highly interconnected ecosystem like CoreSite because it helps distribute the content that the AI is generating. And so we do see some demand there. We're being selective in terms of who we're willing to lease to in that. We do recognize that not all customers are kind of built the same in that space. So we want to make sure that we're partnering with people who have good long-term business plans there. But what's driving the overall demand is just a general scarcity of supply there, but we're continuing to lease to that core customer base, expanding our enterprise reach for hyper cloud deployments, a little bit of AI and then continuing to serve a lot of the customers that we already have there as they expand their needs. And those are the primary drivers from who we're leasing to you.
Steve Vondran: Sure. Those are two very different projects. So I'll start with the Raleigh. So the Raleigh data center is really being done by our US tower division, working with CoreSite. And that is our continued evolution as we work with various partners on the edge, we needed a little bit more of a sandbox for them to play in. And Raleigh was a good market. It has low power costs. There's a lot of enterprise there that are working on edge applications. And so we think it's a good place for us to kind of start there, and we are seeing demand in that market that we think we can serve there. That one is expandable. It's on a tower site, so we were able to get easy access to land, there's power, there's fiber. It was just a great location for us. And so we'll see how that plays out over time. Again, that's part of our experimentation on the edge, and we do have some clear visibility into monetizing that as well. So that's a benefit of having sandbox that makes money. The second one, DE3. So this is a little bit different. This is our first purpose-built data center in Denver. And while we do have a small presence in Denver, it's not really a campus effect yet. And what we've said over time is we're open to structures where we're a minority partner where it gives us the ability to build a campus over time. So for that particular facility, we're taking advantage of the opportunity that we have to meet the demand for a strategic customer to support the ecosystem in Denver, and we're utilizing our partnership and the capital flexibility that that we have with that partnership to not redirect any of our current cash flow -- our current CapEx program to that and our partner is happy to fund that development. And the reason we're doing that is to really start building that campus in in Denver and to do it a capital-efficient way for us. And so we think that's the right structure for that facility. That parcel is large enough to build other buildings. We have retained ownership of those other buildings in CoreSite. And so if we build future pieces of the campus, that would likely be done in CoreSite. And we do have the ability to buy back the one that's being built there, if we decide that that's the right thing to do as we build an ecosystem over time. And that structure today is -- it's very similar to what you're seeing other data centers do with private capital partners. CoreSite's going to own 15%, Stone People own 85% as we developed that first facility there in Denver.
Steve Vondran: Sure. Look, at a high level, you want to be the number one or number two independent tower company in a market, if you can. That's your ideal situation to be in. At a broad level, scale means being strategically relevant to your customers. So you could have some localized scale without having national scale as long you're relevant enough to have some leverage in the negotiations with the customers there. And so that's really how we think about scale. We have some markets where we're subscale, but we're able to leverage regional scale in those by using operating leverage. And what I mean by that is we can serve some of those under scale markets with the human capital we have in other parts of those markets. So we might operate a small country from a larger country that's nearby. And that's how we're getting some operational scale. It helps us get even better returns in there that you really would naturally get in a subscale market. But at the end of the day, we want to be kind of the number one or two in the market in terms of independence, captives are a little bit different because they have different dynamics with it. But that's how we think about it overall. And we do have -- like if you look at Latin America, about 97% of our sites are in markets where we're the leader. In Africa, it's well over half of the sites that we're the market leader in. A little bit lower in Europe today. But overall, we felt we have adequate scale in all those markets to be strategically relevant to the customers and to get the cost synergies that you get.
Steve Vondran: Sure, I'll take the further part about the MLAs and Rod can touch on the growth. The conference of MLAs that we have in the U.S. are pretty much uniquely in the U.S. right now. We've talked to partners internationally about those contract structures and there's some interest in learning more about them. But because the -- they haven't been using those markets before, there's some understandable concern on the counterparty side, about being the first one to take the leap into that. So we've encouraged them to talk to our U.S. customers to understand the benefits of that. So I'm hopeful that we can export those because, again, those create value for both parties. It gives us predictability on the revenue side. It gives customers predictability on their cost side. It vastly simplifies the deployment of networks by the customers. So I'm hopeful that our international customers will embrace that, and we'll continue talking with them about it until they do, but none to announce right now, Batya.
Rod Smith: Simon, good morning, this is Rod. Maybe I'll just add and complement what Steve is saying with a couple of numbers on CapEx for the data center business. So, notwithstanding the fact that our overall CapEx program year-over-year has come down because our capital priorities and the focus on balance sheet strength, delevering all the things Steve talked about. Notwithstanding that decline, we have increased our investments, our CapEx investments in CoreSite for '24 over '23 by roughly 100 million. We did the same '23 over '22. So we are seeing very compelling opportunities. We are following those and leaning in. The numbers in the grand scheme of things are meaningful, albeit modest, but we do have the ability to dynamically allocate that capital. And just because you see our CapEx program go down somewhat. It doesn't mean we're not leaning into the very best opportunities to deploy CapEx.
Rod Smith: Hey, Michael, this is Rod. Good morning. Thanks for the question. So regarding the dividend, as everyone on the call knows, we held our dividend flat in 2024. That was really one of many things that we. [Technical Difficulty]
Rod Smith: Great. Thank you. So, I’ll start over Michael. Thank you. This is Rod. So, regarding the dividend, as everyone on the call knows that in 2024, we chose to hold the dividend flat. The reasons behind that really was giving -- given the macroeconomic backdrop, the uncertainty around rates, we decided to favor balance sheet strength, operational growth, organic growth. And it was one of many things that we decided to do as leaned into delevering. We're really focused on driving organic growth. We're focused on expanding margins, controlling direct expenses, focused on actually reducing SG&A, becoming more efficient, reducing costs, and our overall CapEx program and our CapEx investments, holding the dividend flat, and putting the extra funds that we had into delevering and into reducing exposure to floating rate debt in the environment. So, that was one of many things that we did. When you think about going forward into beyond 2024, of course, it's too early to talk about specific guidance for 2025 or beyond. I would remind you and everyone that we're a REIT, we target our dividend distribution to equal about 100% of our pretax income. That's an important point. From a long-term perspective, I would say that we see pre-tax income growing in line with AFFO and AFFO per share growth on average and over time. So, you can think about the trajectory in terms of the growth rate of the dividend being similar to the trajectory the growth rate of AFFO and AFFO per share. That doesn't mean it will match every single year. But over a multiyear period and on average, we believe that will match up pretty well. Certainly, the dividend is a meaningful piece of the overall total shareholder return that we look to deliver. And as always, anything with respect to our dividend and dividend policy needs to be approved by the Board, certainly. So, that's kind of the way we think about it. We would expect that the dividend growth would resume in 2025 based on what we're seeing in the numbers going beyond 2024.
Rod Smith: Yes. I'll just add in there. In terms of the decommissioning, I think you'll see in the numbers LatAm, we took down about 250 sites in the U.S. We took down about 300. That's just normal portfolio pruning and managing the portfolio from time-to-time. We certainly have sites without tenants on them here and there, and we'll try to lease those up again. And if it doesn't work, we end up taking them down to save the cost. So that is a driver, but it's not the only -- it's not the only driver. We're also seeing lower land rent escalations that was certainly good. We're doing some things with property tax, which resulted in a one-time reduction, which was certainly good. In our CapEx, we're leaning into investing in our brown leases and reducing ground expense. So, that's another area where we're allocating capital to the most accretive and value-creating opportunities. So we're seeing lower land rents based on capital allocation. So there's a number of different things that are playing into that direct cost reduction.
Rod Smith: Hey, Matt, Rod here. So on one of the charts, you can see on the adjusted EBITDA, we're showing roughly a $50 million benefit to outlook on cash gross margins. The way to think about that is much of that is driven, almost all of that is driven by benefits or improvements in that direct expense line. From a high level, think about it as 50/50 mix in terms of what may be run rate and what may be one-time in nature. And then when you think about that, roughly one-quarter of the entire piece was a property tax accrual. But there's a lot of other kind of nits and nats and things going through that section there. Things like the accelerated e-com as we just talked about with the record of the land purchases as well as just some operational improvements around the way we do R&M and contractor management and other things. So roughly the $49 million of improvement in cash gross margin, think of it 50/50 as onetime versus durable and reoccurring going forward. And property tax onetime benefit was roughly one-quarter of the whole thing.
Rod Smith: Hey Jim, Rod here. I'll just hit on your return on invested capital question. So, one thing I would point out right at the start here is we do give in the disclosures, A, the NOI yield in U.S. dollar terms for vintage. So, I think you've probably seen that, but dig into that, there's a lot of interesting information in there. One thing I would point out is that the NOI yields in U.S. dollar terms typically are higher than the U.S. when you're looking at these emerging markets. So, for build-to-suits and other investments, that's been that's been the case. And they need to be because we, as Steve talked about, have risk-adjusted return requirements, of course, not just per region, but by country and even deal-specific. So, we do require an additional spread a risk-adjusted spread. Sometimes even over and above the detailed country level cost of capital that we calculate will require a spread over that, that that could be meaningful to compensate for other things that we see either in the market or in the portfolio. So, that certainly is key. But when you look at analysis, you'll see that the vintage analysis shows that the NOI yields over time go up. Certainly, when you think about the emerging markets, we're looking at low teens here and heading upwards, we would expect them all to be in the upper teens certainly in places like Africa, above 20% over time, would certainly be where we would target that. So, broadly speaking, you've heard us say it before, but when you think about Africa, we're looking for high teens, north of 20% returns. And then depending on the country, it can even be higher at the high end of that and even higher. Today, we're below that. But if you look at our return on invested capital across the region as reported, we're in the mid-teens for return on invested capital. But these are long-term assets. So, our focus on driving organic growth, margin expansion really driving SG&A costs being super-efficient when it comes to the way we operate the markets, including Africa, but LatAm even India while we have it. And combining that, coupling that with very disciplined CapEx programs, maybe even lower CapEx programs are all meant to drive return on invested capital up for us so that we can reach our hurdle rate and get beyond it. And again, these are long-term assets. And LatAm is maybe a little better of a position, but similar. They're at the low teens from a return on invested capital. The requirements there are going to be more in the mid-teens, not necessarily north of 20%. So, you may recall, we've done a fair amount of building and acquiring there over the last several years. So, again, the focus on operational execution and excellence in these markets, we really talk about that. We plan that, and we drive that in the business to help accelerate these returns on invested capital over the long-term. But these are long-term assets, and we're very bullish on the underlying fundamentals of the business, not just in the U.S., Europe, and CoreSite in course, but the fundamentals underpinning the operating results across LatAm and Africa are very good. In Europe, we're actually seeing an acceleration in new business contributions in organic tenant billings 2024 or 2023. So, that is certainly a very positive sign. Hopefully, that addresses the question, Jim.
Rod Smith: Yeah, it's a good question, Eric. I would say, first off, we -- you saw in the numbers, we're at about 4.8 times levered. Our stated range is 3 times to 5 times. So we're below that. We're also at about 5 times at the end of Q1. Leverage for Q1 and Q2 were materially supported or helped by some onetime nonrecurring benefits. With that said, and Steve alluded to this earlier, we do expect leverage to tick back up to 5.0 or 5.1 during Q3 and Q4. We'll see where that goes. But we're very, very confident that we are on the right path, driving towards getting to that 5.0 and we will get there. Most likely the second half of this year, if not the beginning of next year. So with that, we do feel as though we'll be in a position to have financial flexibility and kind of manage the business without a hyperfocus on the delevering. And with that said, we'll be very disciplined. We'll be looking at all of our capital allocation options, including our CapEx programs, not in general, but specifically country by country, deal by deal, asset by asset. And there's some compelling things that we can invest our capital in as Steve outlined in his kind of strategic prepared remarks and in some of the Q&A. So the CapEx programs are still very much supportive of long-term total shareholder returns. So that's an opportunity. When it comes to buybacks, the buybacks, it has to create more shareholder value over the long term than deploying it towards CapEx or an M&A program or delevering. There are simple ways to look at it in terms of just you buyback a share stock as the yield above or below the cost of debt, we'll certainly be looking at that. But longer-term growth rates are really important, too, on our own business as well as where we invest, we'll be looking at the returns beyond day one as well. But rest assured, we will be doing a lot of work being very opportunistic and disciplined when it comes to capital allocation across the board and buying back shares will be one of options that that we have in our toolkit we'll be continuing to evaluate.
Rod Smith: Hey, Batya, Rod here. I'll take the AFFO piece. So I'll start off by saying we believe in the fundamentals of the portfolio that we've built around the globe. Certainly, when you think about our ability to drive AFFO per share growth, it really starts with revenue growth. So I could give you a very short answer to your question. I'll give you the medium answer here. So the way we think about the bits and pieces that support and drive AFFO per share growth. Certainly in the US, we're continuing to see demand and activity levels that are in line with our previous long-term guide on OTBG, organic tenant billings growth in and around that 5%. You've heard us say we continue to see demand for our emerging markets. And in Europe, we're seeing escalating new business growth, which is really good. That's all very supportive over the long-term for the international towers that we have to deliver higher organic tenant billings growth than the US does by maybe a couple hundred basis points. That is certainly kind of front and center. CoreSite, as you heard from Steve and you see in our numbers and you have for several quarters is outperforming our expectations, and very accretive to overall growth rates, and that's been really nice to see. And we continue to build sites very opportunistically and disciplined, maybe not as many as we used to, but we build sites that adds to growth rate in revenue. So you put all that together and you're in the upper single digits in terms of revenue growth, call it 6% or 7%, somewhere in that range. And then we're focused on margin expansion, controlling the direct cost driving margins up. That means you get into that range around the gross margin point. SG&A, this year, loan SG&A is going down $30 million year-over-year decline last year as well. So SG&A cost control is also supportive and accretive to those growth rates. So when you think about all the things that we've done and everything that we see, the fundamentals in this business for our towers globally is really strong and could potentially deliver upper single-digit AFFO growth on the towers around the globe. Now the things that you do need to watch, we certainly watch and pay a lot of attention to, some of these are not under our control, of course, interest rates could go up or down, that could be positive or negative from time-to-time. FX, same thing could go up, could go down, it could be positive, could be negative. And then in particular, very specifically, we have the ATC India sale, which we are very confident will close out during the second half of this year just like we previously guided. That will be slightly dilutive, maybe about $0.08 to $0.09 on a per quarter basis. So if we close it early in October, you might see $0.08 or $0.09 dilution from that. And then you'll see the follow-on kind of tail of that into next year. But absent interest rates or assuming interest rates are flat, FX is flat and eliminating the ATC India, we have a portfolio of assets here that are performing very well operationally with the fundamentals that could deliver upper single-digit AFFO per share growth.
