Thomas Bartlett: No Ric, 37 is exactly as you stated we expect that for the full year, we don't give quarterly guidance so as last year we also recognized $36 million or $37 million we had about 17 in the first quarter. This year we recognized more but the balance we recognized throughout the rest of the year and year-over-year of the relatively flat just as we expected in guidance.
Thomas Bartlett: Yes, that's exactly right some lower interest expense some lower cash taxes than previous thought and the services is down a little bit and so we have a couple of million dollars less of services AFFO there as well.
Thomas Bartlett: Sure David, on the first question two different metrics the kind of the run rate metric that Leah talked about in her opening remarks is a new metric that we are adding we talked about it last time we were together but it isolates just the kind of recurring lease base run rate revenue that we generate on an FX neutral basis and we think it provides more transparency into the components which really drive the tenant run rate growth. And so, that's what is driving the 5.9%, so it excludes the decommissioning revenues and those types of things back billing amortization, revenue those types of things and we think it gives more clarity in terms of what really is the run rate growth in the business. The 5.5% is our traditional core organic growth which is the one which we have historically talked about which represents the kind of the same tower store growth on those assets that we have owned for at least 12 months. And so that's what’s really driving the difference between the two metrics. And on the Viom piece in 2016, we now expect to generate about $555 million revenue from Viom about $245 million in gross margin contribution I think around $215 million in EBITDA and that represents the closing as of the April 21. Going forward over the next 12 to 18 months we will look to merge our existing legacy business which is our 15,000 sites that we have within ATC India generates couple hundred million dollars a year with the Viom business. And then, overtime and that will take our ownership interest up from the current 51% to the mid 60s and then following that period of time we will look at whether how financially what makes sense in terms of bringing the rest of the business in. I mean, it's our objective that we would want to own 100% of the business with some very strong partners within the business including the TATA as in Macquarie and so we are really excited about controlling the business running the business with that kind of participation and so I would expect over the next three to four years we will have more clarity in terms of just what we ultimately end up with from the ownership perspective of the business but our immediate goal is to merge the two business where then we can really start to recognize what we believe in some synergies.
Thomas Bartlett: Yes Mike, I’m not sure exactly which chart you’re referring to, I think you might be talking to the conversion rates. So, it’s the percentage of that incremental revenue that’s actually coming down to the margins. But, I’ll highlight though that the margins in our international business, particularly in those that we’ve had some history, Mexico and as well as in Brazil, where we’re passing through the land cost in the business, the margins there are actually higher than that of the United States. So, we’re achieving higher margins there than as I said, than the States because of some of the incremental pass-through. I don’t know specific chart, maybe after the call you can just give Leah call, just in case I’ve misstated that. But, my sense is that you might be talking about those conversion ratios which is the ratio of revenue that we’re bringing back down to margin.
Thomas Bartlett: Jon, you little garbled on it, but let me just repeat what I think you’re asking. On the US side, getting a little bit more color in terms of what’s going on from a market perspective and specially –
Thomas Bartlett: Sure. Jon, if I think, we don’t speak the individual contract negotiations or even outcomes with the mobile operators relay anywhere. We have described that we have offered holistic type of agreement when mobile operators are in server ramp up or high spend mode and that just helps them in a couple of ways one is to budget more accurately and understand what their cost will be going forward. And secondly, it reduces the cycle time and therefore increases the security of when their deployment will be implemented as far as schedule perspective. So those benefits are still there some of the mobile operators are taking advantage of those now some of them have decided to either stay on or move toward or away from a more retail type of operations so without specifying any of those that those are the range of options and carriers move among those options based on their investment cycles which again speaks of the benefit diversification when you can do those multiple type contracts. So secondly, on in building side I would like to think we are bit of pioneer in a way especially in Latin America introduces technology it will come into EMEA and especially African next on our part. But Mexico and Brazil have been really strong for us in building and Viom to its credit is more of a pioneer in in-building in India market where the couple of hundred venues are much actually than we even have so it's actually very good match on the small sell size as well as Viom and ATC India but those are probably the three places with the most opportunity right now Mexico, Brazil and India.
Thomas Bartlett: So, the net effect is changes in ground equipment and installation and locations spread is not material. There are some offsets like you said but generally the way our contracts are structured the vast majority of the lease rate if you will and none of it is separable or severable if you will. But the vast majority of the pricing calculation is really what goes on the tower not necessarily on the ground again none of it severable, so because you took one cabinet off of your ground space you are still paying for the square foot footprint of that ground space. And you can put whatever you want or not on it so we don't tend to reduce prices because someone moved the cabinet from one place to another took it off the site. One of the benefits of central ran or cloud ran in our view is that it frees up more resources for the radio access network that transmission equipment that goes up on the tower, which again we charge for and that's what most of the amendments have to do with. So over the long term it we think it's ran centralization or cloud ran is going to be constructive for our lease growth on our sites because if much less and I think a couple of mobile operators have said this is reducing their core network cost fairly significantly that more resources could then be potentially voted to the radio access network which again 90% of what we of that we think will spend on tower and related rooftops sites.
Thomas Bartlett: I think the margin conceptually that would be right Brett, but again our sites tend to have substantial ground space what’s been helpful for example is [indiscernible] from having essentially a tractor trailer full of equipment on the site down to today's Sprint two cabinets and much smaller footprint. The miniaturization of the base station electrics has actually helped us free up more ground space overtime now there are cases where we need to get more because we have multiple customers now which is great but yes, I think that we are going to be in good shape to be able to host not only serve extra cloud ran equipment on sites which are closer to the edge of the network but also distributed some day we think we could be an opportunity for distributed storage caching specially entertainment type volumes of data at the tower site to reduce the latency of transmission of content. That's something down the road there are ground space could be useful and we have some examples of this in our international markets where we are doing fiber docs and other sort of very closely related and solar uses of the ground space for incremental amendments. So we will get every dollar we can on every square foot of ground we can, but I think it's bit of a long cycle again kind of therapeutic trend.
James Taiclet: And David I think the first step of this to summarize is we will go from 51% to the mid 60s or high 60% just by merging the existing asset and Viom together. And then that's sort of incremental piece will be implemented via more traditional investment process over number of years actually.
James Taiclet: So, Amir first of all this is Jim. First of all, the overall CapEx from year to year in the wireless industries are expected to be flat around $30 billion, so if there are moderated ups and downs in individual carriers that total is looking to be about the same which means our aggregate new business opportunity among that major tower operators looks similar from 2015 to 2016. That’s how we introduced our guidance and informed our guidance and at the end of the day we’re looking more at the overall markets now, especially with the segment reporting we’ve moved. And so, the US run rate leasing metric that Tom talked about, we expect 6% of sell in United States which is very solid. The other thing I would like to say about the run rate metric, we’re giving you yet another lens to look at the business. I think, it’s a good lens because it actually, it is very similar to the way lot of real estate investors look at the assets which is what are your rate increases and rent pricing overtime and what your occupancy increases overtime. And that really just encapsulate solid bet in the run rate and it takes out some of these amortized contributions and other one-times settlements and things like that, that pause you to have to pull them apart to figure what the real run rate is, so we’re just going to give that to you. So, when you take the US 6% run rate and then the other part of our strategy is diversification across carriers, technologies, continents etcetera and our international run rate leasing is 14% this year. So, the weighted average is about 8% and this is what we’re trying to preserve over many, many years which is a weighted average smooth raising curve of revenue growth which then drives the double digit expectation and objective we have as a way for share growth. So, individual carriers within the US are really important, but we’re looking at more to market level now and when you look at the aggregates we still got $30 billion spending and 6% of run rate growth out of domestic business. And then, the last thing I’d say and Tom referred to it a couple of times is, we’re really starting to focus on efficiency especially in the domestic business to get cost of out it, performance to be out or above as far as revenue and top line growth and that’s going to help us with the AFFO per share contribution from the US overtime as well. So, I really think it’s important if you want to understand the carriers individual plans to refer to their public statements specifically you’ll talk to them individually, but we’re really going to be looking at market level and region level trends from this point on.
James Taiclet: Sure Jonathan its Jim. What’s happening in Mexico right now is something again it's happened in the US and other markets ahead earlier and that is the rate of 4G job adaption can be sort of governed if you will by two things in any market. One is service pricing and the other one is handset pricing. So the lower the handset pricing and lower the service pricing the more people can afford it will sign up and start using it and grow overtime in their usage. So in Mexico the government successfully increased the level of competition in that country service pricing moved in a constructive way for the population we’re able to adapt their service more rapidly than they could before. And globally, handset pricing for 4G is also reducing at the same time so you have these two complementary cost reductions in handset and service pricing and people in Mexico are signing up so that then is as we by seen every other case increase smart phone penetration 3G usage and ultimately 4G drives gigabytes from month on a network and that network demand needs to be serviced and large part often buy adding equipment to real estate including towers. So it's the typical cycle we have seen but I would say the two drivers are reduced handset pricing reduce service pricing for data.
James Taiclet: So, let me start with the escalators the traditional service 3plus percent escalators really not as solely tied inflation in the US, it's tied to real estate rent increases overtime, which have sort of been around the 3% level when it come to land rents upon which towers are built. So there of course, is an inflation kind of concept second order behind that but land rent cost are the largest cost of volume going tower operations and ground less source have been able to secure 3 plus percent escalators off and out of ground. So those are mirrored in the tower list. Moving to the outdoors small cell 5G issue I would invite to get a hold of Leah separately because we have got some pretty in depth technical assessments on how this works whether it's 3G, 4G or 5G. And yes in dense urban networks, dense urban environments networks do have to have much shorter transmission rate, small cell makes sense for them for 3G, 4G and ultimately they will it makes sense for 5G. But what we serve is the suburban rural and transportation corridor market not urban or dense urban. 97.5% of our towers are in non-dense urban environments and the reason that carrier use tower predominately in those environments because that is the optimal height power setting and transmission radius for suburban rural and transportation corridor use cases. The proportion of small cell spending, our projection is that yes as a percentage of CapEx we will double over the next five years from 5% to approximately 10% that's our estimate therefore we think 90% of the spend rate is or so is going to continue to be on macro sites mainly towers and also rooftops and more of an environment so that's how we see going forward again if you want more depth in some of the detail we can even provide a separate session for anybody that wants that just contact Leah.
James Taiclet: So this is Jim. I will speak to the Viom integration the most important part of the integration from the commercial standpoint is one sales force face to the customer which is in the process of being implemented right now and that's on a fast track. The second largest piece from a again customer and revenue point of view will be the integration of multiple master lease agreements between the two portfolios among many customers that's going to take probably 12 to 18 months to really get those consolidated but those things have already started. As far as the lease ability of the sites Viom has been run as a independent third party tower company already and therefore the documentation the system as the data to be able to quickly release sites is largely already there that's a difference then say carrier portfolio like Verizon where at least collect the lot of that from the field officers as such. So the Viom integration from an effective feasibility standpoint is going to be I think on a very fast track this entire portfolio this combined portfolio is going to be jointly marketed to our customer base early on and we are already in discussion volume discussions with many of them as to how they can take advantage of the now number one independent tower company in India along with our traditional sub-operating capabilities that they come to service back. So I think the Viom integration takes 12 to 18 months to get it completely renegotiated around the master contract and have some of the field work done in some of the organizational alignments fully completed. As to Verizon we have said just recently in our last call and it's still the case we have 9% to 10% long term sort of cumulative average growth rate expectation over ten years for that portfolio and we still do so every month or two it's not going to change I can imagine materially. We are seeing new business on the sites. And really great shape as far as the carrier portfolio for capacity ground space the documentation I referred to earlier so we are progressing through our plan and expect to be able to deliver what we have stated in the past. 
James Taiclet: Our interaction with the mobile operators on this is that we will support you set you have a part in first and they know that we will, we are not a sort of designated sub-contractor in a bid to any particular mobile operators so our view of first that is there is spectrum to be put to work there is a national security or homeland security need to be filled. It's very unclear as to how that's going to be filled but at the end of the day they are going to need to transmit off of largely towers and we will be there to serve that need depending on who wins how they are structured if it's take wise versus national etcetera. So, we are going to have our real estate asset ready and by having good operational practices and good structural capacity on the sites available for these kind of things that's the best we can do right now and just get ready for this wave if and when it hits the lease on to our towers.
James Taiclet: We don't know the bill of material as yet first of all what equipment will go on we don't know the redundancy and hardening factors it might need to be put in place for example, what is the generator dedicated to this need at every site so until we know the bill of materials and the specifications of the loading and the ground requirements we can't price it. Now I think you are absolutely right that bidders are going to have to make estimates of this but there is market pricing out there for them to draw from today and imagining that's how people are doing it but we are not committing pricing because we don't we can't do it until we have a bill of materials. 
James Taiclet: We will have to see what the legal relationship is between the government and entities whoever they maybe and operators whoever they maybe and then compare those two existing agreements that may or may not apply to this type of service depending on who the operator is so it's all going to be very case specific but we will again deal with it specially if it's one of our current customers in the constructive way as we try to always do.
James Taiclet: Sure, we have since 2007 position business development teams very skilled ones in Asia and Latin America to always be ready when and if mobile operators or others were willing to divest their sites or engage in some kind of a merger with us. So referring to some successes we had in Brazil, India and Nigeria recently. We are still pursuing those. We are pursuing them in light and full understanding of what our leverage targets are and Tom keeps very close triangulation on all that with EVPs that run the region, so everybody is well aware of what the parameters are here. In Europe specifically the team in that region is carefully evaluating the situation right now where there has been some movements either privately held companies or third party tower companies or carrier portfolios being separated and spun out etc. But their evaluating it carefully in the context of our discipline kind of approach that Tom referred to already and the perhaps the biggest factor in any of these deals whether it's in Asia, the US or Europe or elsewhere is the asset pricing at that moment versus the expected revenue and EBITDA growth rates through the medium and long term and when there is a dislocation between asset pricing and those long term prospect you do not see us act any major investment for us specially given us the scale we are at today and diversification we have today, actually Simon needs to enhance the expected performance of our existing asset portfolio. So something we do on top of the transactions and organic growth we have already done has to make the whole cash flow to occur better overtime and so those deals are difficult to find specially when you impart the discipline and patience that are hallmarks of our investment committee which is me, Tom and our general counsel add here. So this one process and this is one example not try to make any kind of prediction for any other reason, but you will recall that we entered the India market in 2007 and we kind of deliberately built the business a piece a time increase of increasing size over a nine year period before securing a leading position in the market with Viom. So if that's what takes us we will do on the other hand if opportunities emerge quickly like in Nigeria there were three heads within 9 to 12 months, we were very active in those as well. So it's hard to predict the environment, the M&A environment is not such by the seller but also by the buyer community and if the asset prices are too high you are not going to see us active if asset prices are within our investment criteria you will see us move very quickly to move forward so really not much specific to say that we are out there we are active and we still use the same process and asset pricing reported to us.
