Tom Bartlett: Matt, let me start off, and Rod can add in as he see. First of all, within Europe, we're -- first of all, both Telxius as well as our CoreSite acquisition are hitting on all cylinders. They're both outperforming our expectations kind of right out of the gate. And so in Europe, we're very focused on really realizing the full potential with Telxius. As Rod said, we just landed the transaction with 1&1. So our focus is really on the final integration steps with Telxius and really leveraging that capability in the markets that we're in. So we're really pleased with the teams there and the contracts there and the relationship with Telefonica. With regards to CoreSite, they had a record retail and scale quarter. And so we're really pleased with what we've seen there. We've got a terrific management team in place, a good balance between activity between the retail scale and hyperscale types of business. I've got our sights set on building out some of the existing infrastructure that we have available to us. So on both transactions, we couldn't be more pleased with the activity that we're seeing right out of the gate.
Tom Bartlett: And I guess, Rod, I would just add, we chose not to change the outlook assumptions. So at the time when we issued that initial outlook, we had the equity at that $5 billion level at the price point level. And as I said, just for clarity, I just want to make sure that we just kept at the same going forward. And obviously, we'll adjust that when Rod finally closes this whole transaction, which, again, we would expect in Q2.
Tom Bartlett: And Ric, I'd just reiterate that I think they're candidly, a very positive event, putting these assets in the hands of Tim Claro and Vivo. And they're very focused on building out further 4G and 5G. So I think this is a real positive for the market.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, Brendan, thanks for the question. Thanks for joining us. So we are targeting about $150 million of contribution to organic tenant billings growth through colocation and amendment. The metric for the quarter was about $36 million. So that's an acceleration over the exit out of 2021, and it's higher than any quarter we had in 2021. So we are seeing that acceleration in that gross leasing activity in the U.S. As I said in my prepared remarks, we will see a slight pullback in Q2 in that metric, really just around the mechanics of the way the M&As work in the U.S. But when you get to Q3 and Q4, we'll be above the Q1 total here. So we'll be exiting at a higher level going into next year. I don't want to talk about next year too specifically here and give guidance, but we are seeing an acceleration in that metric. We expected to see that, and we are seeing that. And it's all very constructive and kind of in line with our longer-term organic tenant billings growth guidance for the U.S.
Tom Bartlett: Yes, thank you Batya. On the continued build-out in the U.S., I mean, yes, there are -- I think the carriers have all said they're interested in continually building out fixed wireless, but that's not getting in the way in terms of their capital spend on really building out 5G. And so we would expect, again, kind of the continued acceleration of that 5G build really accelerating, as Rod said, kind of in the second half of the year. Spectra being cleared and being able to be put in place. We're excited about the prospects for that 5G build. I don't think the carriers are going to let anything get in the way of that opportunity going forward. And on the build side, I just want to say, this is of the last 12 quarters, 11 of them have built over 1,000 new builds. And that's going to contribute significantly to our overall growth rate in '22 as it has in '21. We've laid out a path of looking at north of 40,000 builds over the next several years, and have visibility into contracts with all of our existing customers to do so. Rod mentioned the build that's going on in Africa. We see equally build going on in Europe, clearly in India as well as in Latin America. So we're really excited about the build program. We're looking at over 6,000 new builds in '22. And as I mentioned, I'm hoping that, that will continue to accelerate going forward.
Tom Bartlett: Phil, let me just reiterate, As I said all along, the CoreSite capital raise is not impacting how we think at all about future tower opportunities. We'll stop.
Tom Bartlett: And let me just -- I can start, and Rod can get it. We're very focused on pricing discipline. I mean the assets that they have and what the business is doing with its own fabric within, we think can support this high single-digit, low double-digit kind of growth rate going forward. And so the team is very focused on extending distribution into all its 3 major pieces, really driving new and expansion sales, working on those renewals, developing the campus and market expansion, leveraging interconnection. So really driving organic growth from existing customers and bring -- getting new business from high-quality new ones and driving new logos within the business. So no change at all in terms of the direction and the discipline that the team brings to the marketplace. We are -- have increased some of the funding to be able to accelerate some of the build-out so that there's more opportunity for growth. But the underlying discipline in terms of how they have approached the business is what we acquired. And we're very excited about continuing that same type of discipline going forward.
Rod Smith: Yes, good morning Matt. Thanks for joining us, and thanks for the question. I'll add a couple of points on CoreSite. So we are seeing positive trends in CoreSite. You've heard us say it before, we continue to view the asset as a very unique high-quality asset, and we're seeing the quality of the asset come through early on here in the financials. So we did have a terrific end of the year last year in terms of new and expansion revenue being added. We do see that accelerating into 2022. So that's really positive. That allowed us to increase the midpoint of the revenues by about $5 million. And we have seen the backlog for that measure kind of come up. We're sitting at about $19 million backlog versus a year ago same period where it was around $9 million. So that's up about $10 million. And we -- across the major metrics here, we think the business is really strong. In terms of revenue growth, the range we look at is between 6% and 8%. We're looking at the high end of that range, maybe even a touch above that range here. The escalators are in the range of 2% to 4%. Interconnection growth, our target range is between 6% and 8%, and again, we'll be at the high end of that range. We believe cash mark-to-market in the range of 2.3. We'll have to see exactly where that ends up. It always can be affected by kind of unique renewals from certain customers, with the range there is about 2% to 3% on an ongoing basis. The monthly recurring revenue per cabinet, we look at growth rates of 4% to 6% range. Again, we're in the mid-single digits for this year. So that is compelling. The churn rate is the right where we expected them to be in the middle of the range, the range is 6% to 8%. So we're taking on all cylinders with the business. I think it really demonstrates the quality of the asset. The fact customers of this business really do enjoy the interconnection nature and the cloud-centric nature of these assets. And from a CapEx perspective, we put in about 2% of revenue back in maintenance CapEx. And for growth CapEx, we've got about $300 million going into the business this year, really to build out additional capacity. Hopefully, that gives you some color, Matt.
Rod Smith: Yes. Thanks, Tom, and thanks, Eric. So with 1&1, we are pleased that we have the agreement with 1&1. We're really looking forward to help them build out their greenfield 5G network across Germany. So that really is very exciting. The deal that we struck really is a framework around how the two parties will work together contractually. It also kind of lays out and gives 1&1 kind of that framework to access our sites. So that's exciting. There are long-term contracts kind of embedded in there. So we'll work through that. It's not really driving additional growth in our 2022 organic tenant billings yet, although we do think it's a very exciting development that will provide growth over the long-term and maybe even pick up in the back half of this year a little bit. But maybe, Eric, I'll hit a couple of points on the growth rates here in Europe. So you saw the announcement earlier in the presentation. We did have organic tenant billings growth in Europe in the high teens. A lot of that is driven by the Telxius assets, which is, again, a really high-quality asset across Europe, particularly in Germany. We do expect that momentum to continue, at least in terms of the leasing activity, but the -- when you get out into the back half of the year, when you bring the Telxius base revenue into the equation, we expect organic tenant billings growth for Europe to moderate and drop down into the 7% range, maybe between 7% and 8%. So still very strong growth. If you exclude Telxius and you just look at Germany -- I mean, just look at Europe legacy business, that business for Q1 grew greater than 6% on an organic tenant billings growth basis. That compares to a year ago same period at only 3%, 3.5%. So we're seeing really good growth momentum in Europe on the OTP metric on the legacy business as well as being assisted with the high-quality assets from Telxius. And we do think 1&1 will be a kind of a multiyear additional benefit as we go forward.
Rod Smith: Yes, sure. Thanks for joining us. So I'll just remind you in terms of the long-term guidance that we have out there, it was over a 7-year average really going out to 2027, and we were looking at, at least 4% growth over that time on average reported and on a normalized basis, excluding the impact -- the negative impact of the profit would be up 5%. You know what that metric looked like in '21, and now you see kind of where we're guiding in '22. We'll hit an average of about 2% for those two years on a reported basis. And if you exclude, again, normalized for the Sprint churn, that would be up around 5%. And we're actually seeing that in Q1 in terms of our U.S. organic growth, which came in at about 0.6% for the quarter. And that did have an impact from Sprint churn that was pretty close to 4%. So that would have been up in the mid- to upper 4s if you normalize through the Sprint churn. So that's certainly where we expect to hit. If you look at the '23 to '27-time period, we would look at reported organic tenant billings growth being greater than 5%, greater than or equal to 5%. And on a normalized basis, around 6% greater than or equal to 6%. So we do see that acceleration kind of in momentum. We think we're in for a nice run here a really stable long-term healthy growth in the U.S. business once we work through the Sprint churn. And in these numbers, it's important to point out that two-thirds of the -- not just the underlying revenue, but also the growth is already contracted in the MLAs that we have the holistic MLAs. And it does include the acceleration and the partnership we have with DISH in terms of that agreement where revenue begins this year. It accelerates through the year, and then it will be there over the long-term. So hopefully, that gives you a little color, Michael, in terms of the U.S. growth rates.
Rod Smith: Yes. Thanks, Alex. Thanks for the question. Thanks for joining us. So we're working through the financing plan. We're very excited at the prospects and the different opportunities we have. As I said in our prepared remarks, we're looking at equity and equity component. That's really the final piece of the entire CoreSite financing. We ended the quarter here at about 4.6 times leverage. Our target range is between 3 and 5 times. And we do have a plan to delever over the next couple of years. So we expect by the end of the year to get into the mid- to upper 5 times. So that's where the equity component comes in. We're looking at raising about $5 billion from an equity transaction. That's what's in our base model. And the outlook just to reiterate here, the base plan, assumes that we're going to do a common equity issuance for the $5 billion, at roughly $235 a share. That's what's in our 2022 guidance for AFFO and AFFO per share growth. But with that said, we're also looking at other forms of equity. So complementing the common equity with some preferred convertible equity instruments, other kinds of convertible instruments and private capital. So we are looking at private capital options. Much of that has come from inbound inquiries that we've had. When people heard that we were buying CoreSite, I think there was a lot of excitement in the marketplace in terms of the high-quality nature of those assets. So there was a lot of inbound interest there. We also went out with some outbound inquiries, and we've been working through a process. So -- the other thing I would just clarify here, Alex, I think I mixed up the numbers on the leverage. We're ending at 6.4 and I think I may have said 4.6. So again, we're getting back down into the mid- to upper 5s by the end of the year. I think you made a comment in your question that we might be pushing the equity financing into Q3. I'm not sure that's correct, but we're working through the process. There's a good chance that we could have it wrapped up in Q2, like we initially said at the outset of the year.
Rod Smith: Yes, Ric. So -- Oi has kind of finished their process of exiting the market and splitting their business up into the other three remaining carriers. So we do see that as a positive event, taking that -- those leases and putting them with carriers that are financially secure and kind of in a healthy competition in that market. So we think that is certainly going to be productive. We do have a chunk of revenue from Oi. We have about 6.7 -- just about seven years remaining on average on those leases. Ric, in terms of the, the revenue impact to our business, it's less than 1% of our revenues globally that we have with Oi down in Brazil. Even though we have that nearly seven years on average, that's an average, so there could be some leases that come up a little bit earlier than that. And we may see churn beginning as early as next year and kind of moving through the next few years. So we'll be working through that process. But in general, we think it's a healthy thing for the industry there in Brazil. We've been working through kind of the process as Oi has for the last couple of years. So I think it's good to get that behind us and get it behind the wireless segment there in Brazil, so everyone can move forward.
Rod Smith: Sure, Jonathan. I can give you that. It's really just a variety of small acquisitions on the tower side. Many of them were in Europe. We do have an arrangement with a carrier in Europe, where we consistently buy a number of sites throughout the -- throughout each quarter in Europe. We're also buying a few down in in Latin America, 1s and 2s here and there. We also always have a pipeline in the U.S. where we're rolling up a few acquisitions here and there. And then there's some payments that are related to the prior year deals that we acquired. So there's really not a ton going on. We think about it in terms of Europe and in Latin America, primarily.
Rod Smith: No, Jon, we're not expecting anything material from that perspective. We don't see it -- we don't see any real negatives. Nothing meaningful to note. So we're committed and kind of confident in the growth rates that I outlined a little earlier in the call.
Rod Smith: And Batya, I'll give you a couple of specific numbers here. On the costs -- you mentioned the cost of the builds. They're coming in at a little less than 100,000 on average, maybe closer to 75,000 on average per site. And we are continuing to see the targeted NOI yields being in the low to mid-teens. So we're in the range of about 14% now, which is great. Regarding to your question on DISH, we are seeing activity from DISH in the U.S., we did last year, as you know, and that continues this year. We see it mostly showing up in our financials through our services business. So we're continuing to have strong volume and activity in our services business. We're projecting in and around $225 million to $230 million in services revenue for this year. Last year, it was up to about $250 million. So there's a slight pullback there. But if you think about our services activity for the first quarter of 2022, it's almost 100% growth over that same time period in last year. And certainly, the DISH greenfield build is a big part of that. And if you rewind back to 2020, our services business was driving less than $100 million in revenue. So we've seen that step up in our services, which really highlights the level of activity that we're seeing in the U.S. And again, DISH is part of that. We'll begin to see leasing revenue here this year from DISH, and that will ramp in the back half of the year. And we'll exit at, of course, a much high level of leasing revenue from DISH than we entered the year. And then that will ramp and continue for years to come.
Rod Smith: Yes. Thanks, Phil. Thanks for joining the call and thanks for the question. So in terms of the capital raise, I mean, I don't want to get into too much hypothetical there. A lot of different deals over in Europe, a lot of different stuff. I don't want to guess in terms of the level of capital that potentially could be needed. I would tell you, our equities are really strong. We've got a lot of support in the equity markets. If we wanted to go out and raise equity, we're very confident that we can do that for the right value accretive deal for our shareholders. So that's what I would say in terms of the potential for any other acquisitions and in issuing equity. Certainly, we'll continue to be active and looking around. We like the transaction that we have in Europe. We like what we're seeing in the Telxius business. We think that was a high-quality set of assets with really good contracts, and we purchased it at the right time. So from a European perspective, we like exactly where we sit today, and we are focused on financing the CoreSite opportunity as well. Jumping over to the deceleration from Q1 to Q2 in our OTBG contributions from colocations and amendments, it's dropping down from like the mid-30s for Q1 into the low 30s for Q2. It's not Verizon-driven, it's really just mechanics of the MLAs and where some use right fees kick in early in the year. And then we do see that ramping up, and we expect it to be in the range of 40 plus each of the final two quarters in the year. So that's kind of the way to think about that ramp. There's nothing concerning about the step down in Q2. It's all just MLA mechanics, and we feel very good about the level of activity in the position of our U.S. portfolio.
