Steve Smith: Yeah, sure. This is Steve. Thanks for the question. I would say overall it's just primarily a function of timing as to overall volume. So as far as the overall leasing activity is concerned, as I mentioned in my predetermined comments there, the overall volume is very strong and we were very encouraged with the total number of leases as well as the content of those leases, the network vertical obviously was very strong, a little bit lighter on the wholesale end of the things and that’s primarily driven from timing and just availability of overall capacity, but the underlying current demand in the market is very strong.
Steve Smith: And Dave just to kind of round that out with a bit more color there, if you look at the overall lease count, 127 of the 128 leases that were signed in the quarter were less than 5,000 square feet. And if you look at the revenue from leases that are less than 5,000 square feet, we're actually up 5% over the trailing 12-month average, so overall health in the pipeline as well as the results, we feel very positive.
Steve Smith: Yeah, Jordan, this is Steve. I tell you that the pipeline overall looks very robust and the activity there looks very strong. It's a matter of timing when the customer requirements line up with available capacity and we work very hard to stay on top of that so far the overall pipeline looks healthy.
Steve Smith: No, I think if you look at the underlying current there, the trend is still very healthy. We could have one customer that churned out of LA1 in Q4 that had pretty significant amount of interconnection and we have another customer that consolidated some of their deployments. So that drove part of the pressure there, but overall the trend for interconnection is still very healthy. There are some technology trends that are also out there relative to – customers able to get 100 gig out of a single interconnection versus 10 gig, but you still need a connection to a provider to get there. So you may see some efficiency come out of that as well as some of the capabilities from some of the big network providers as far as SDN capabilities, but overall we still see a very strong trajectory as far as health in interconnection.
Steve Smith: Yeah, Jonathan, this is Steve. I would say it’s all of the above. They do provide unique value not only in their own drive as far as interconnection and passing traffic to other providers, but also for those enterprises that are looking to gain close and immediate on-ramps to those facilities. So we feel like those are another key differentiator that are attractive to our sites because of our network density as well as our go to market model around the enterprise because enterprises are obviously attractive to those same sites because we have the network in those on-ramps. So it’s really a synergistic type of environment that I think helps all three of those.
Steve Smith: Should add to that though that much of that new construction is the LA construction, which is – some of it's already complete and occupy, some of it is – will be completed this quarter. And the balance of it primarily is in multiple sides including VA3 and VA3 is the only new construction in that context. But in VA3, we only have about 25,000 square feet that we will have available early enough in the year to have commencements during the year. Most of the rest of – the rest of the new capacity coming online in VA3 is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter and that makes it more challenging to forecast any commencements for that capacity that would start in 2018 as opposed to 2019.
Steve Smith: Yeah, thanks for the question. This is Steve. We would obviously love to see them expand consistently across our platform and we're always in active conversations with them. I wouldn’t forecasting any of those kind of experiences at this point, but we are actively pursuing those.
Steve Smith: Yeah, we do see a pretty strong activity from many of the Chinese providers, who are looking to expand in the U.S. So that is an active pipeline for us.
Steve Smith: The Nevada, I guess, the aspect of overall supply and demand is not new. It’s been out there for quite some time. And actually what we've seen more of as of late is some of those deployments that went to Nevada and other places that we’re less latency driven and those are now coming back closer to markets that we serve for example in the Bay Area because they found that in order for their applications to be competitive if they need to be closer to customers. So it’s really the factor. But we will actually see some benefits from it right now.
Jeff Finnin: Hey, Dave. This is Jeff. And let me just give you some additional commentary as it relates to – I think he also commented on commencements and renewals. If you look at it on a per square foot perspective, from a pricing perspective, that that is going to vary depending upon our density and the type of deployments that are being renewed and ultimately commencing. So, for example, when you look at the renewals, the composition of those renewals this quarter were – had a very low density. And as a result, you're seeing a price perspective being lower. When you take away and neutralize the density impact, you actually get to the point where that pricing for renewals, this quarter was flat to slightly ahead of where we were on the trailing twelve months. So hopefully that gives you some additional commentary around that.
Jeff Finnin: And Jordan, the only other thing I'd complement with that is in order to give you some visibility into that lumpiness. As you’ve probably seen and heard us in the past, we break up our sales in those two buckets: one that's less than 5,000, one is greater than 5,000, inside that supplemental if you haven’t had a chance to look. It does give you some better insight. But as Steve was alluding to that less than 5,000 has been fairly steady and is actually up slightly as compared to the trailing 12 months. The lumpiness as Paul alluded to really does come from those larger than 5,000 square foot leases. And that's where you're seeing some of the – of what we’re alluding to.
Jeff Finnin: As you saw we're guiding to $250 million to $300 million, I think as you think about CoreSite, any time we're coming out of the ground with more Greenfield developments. You're going to see that CapEx be elevated in that particular year. And so as you think about LA3, SV8, I mean those are going to cost some elevated CapEx deployment probably in 2018 and then in 2019 when those gets finished up. In addition to that I think as Paul alluded to we're deploying a little bit more right now just as we're trying to ramp up some of the capacity needed in our markets. And so, I want to say it's a new level, but any time to see Greenfield development, it is going to elevate that CapEx.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah, you bet. On an annual basis, generally in the fall, we go through and do a deep dive on our entire portfolio working with Steve and his team to better – have a better idea of where we expect churn to come in as we go out over the next couple of years. And I think just a couple comments as it relates to 2017. First you know came in at 5.5 for the full year, a little bit underneath our guidance, some of that relates to one or two deals that actually we had anticipated to churn in the fourth quarter. They didn't, and we think they'll come out in the first quarter of 2018. Those numbers are built into our guidance for 2018. And so, it is a matter of doing a deep dive and getting a sense for where we anticipate that churn to be. And hopefully, we can outperform again this year, but that 6% to 8% averaging, call it, 1% to 2% per quarter is what we've seen historically and I think it's fairly consistent in terms of way we look at the business going forward.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah, great question. We ended the year 2017 at 54.6% EBITDA margins. And as you see in our guidance, it gives you an implied margin of – right in line with that, two things to think about. Paul alluded to it as did I in terms of our commentary where we did make some investments in our team during 2017. And so, you're seeing some of that effect – the full year effect coming into 2018 and having an impact on those margins. Secondly is the accounting change due to the new accounting is compressing those margins by about 50 basis points as well. Having said all of that 2018 should be consistent or in line with 2017. Longer-term I could tell you that those are ultimately decisions that we got to see how we can figure out what is that right level on a go forward basis. And I think you've probably heard us before saying that we'd like to target something higher than – kind of call it at the high 50%, but we're working towards it. I don't know how quickly we’ll get there, but it's something we're continuing to work as we think about investments in our team here in – at the CoreSite.
Paul Szurek: And Dave let me just follow up addressing both sales and maybe interconnection volumes as well. Historically, these have always varied quarter by quarter and we don't expect that to change. This is probably, as Steve mentioned, due to the timing of bringing on new capacity, but it's also attributable to the increase in scale leasing we began to experience in 2015 as edge needs in our markets rose to new levels. These deployments are lumpier and the sales cycles are longer. So while the pipeline for this type of demand is very robust, as Steve mentioned, the timing of concluding any particular sale is difficult to predict. And we do our pricing in this way by trying to jam these types of sales into any particular quarter. We see the same type of lumpiness in interconnection growth, which frequently follows to some extent scale deployments and enterprise additions, but not on a linear path. These are the reasons combined with the lumpiness of delivering new capacity that we've incurred to observers to focus more on annual trends as opposed to quarterly results.
Paul Szurek: Well, I wouldn't say frustrated. It's almost all related to VA3 and as we've – in fact as far as I can tell it's all related to VA3. As we stated previously, we have a reasonable but ambitious plan to maximize the amount that we can build on that site that requires converting the low density office and light industrial development into a denser development with more interconnected buildings. Accomplishing this goal, requires a significant amount of moving underground utility infrastructure and creating new infrastructure. These are the tasks that have taken longer than expected partly due to unforeseen conditions like utilities that were not located on the survey more underground rock than the geotech studies indicated although to some extent rock is very seamy and that's not completely unexpected and frankly to some extent contractor performance. The good news is that these elements are almost entirely behind us. We have one more power line to move, so we can finish our new main entrance. And the better news is that the new colleagues we've added working with the team that has continued have really performed well to limit the delays caused by these elements. So I'd honestly say rather than frustrated, I'm just really excited about where we are right now and where we can take this forward.
Paul Szurek: Yeah, good morning, Mike. Yeah, I think, I wouldn't read too much into that in terms of a change. I think what we're trying to communicate is we do look at our level of growth in cash flow on a quarterly basis and obviously look at the dividend on a quarterly basis. But what we're trying to communicate is which is probably similar to what you saw last year which is to the extent you do see us or that we do see cash flow growing incrementally that we want to make sure we're more timely in paying that out to our shareholders. Last year, we did it on an every six month basis. And from our perspective I think that fits well into the way we anticipate to do things going forward, but it is something we look at on a quarterly basis.
Paul Szurek: Good question, Michel. I think with what we have in process we will actually be better and more consistent than historical norms, but we are going through a little bit of a valley. In fiscal year – in 2015, we added 15.3% to our leasable capacity through construction and development. That ballooned to 32.2% in 2016. In 2017, it was only 3.7% based on what we have in process today in LA and VA3 and other places. We'll add 10.5% this year and that's included in our 19% number. But that will be able to accelerate in future years up into the high teens to low 20% range as we build out the four projects that we've talked about. And quite honestly if demand continues as strong as it has been and we see as many or more demand drivers going forward as we've seen historically, we have the capacity to accelerate some of that development if we need to do.
Paul Szurek: I just would add to what Steve said. The ability to increase the amount you can move over those interconnections is one of the attractions to being able to interconnect within the data center. And you know while it may reduce the total cross-connects, it also increases the value of the space and the deployments in those data centers.
Paul Szurek: Well, I think they're beginning to embrace it more as you talk to some of the carriers that are also partners of ours and our data centers that they seem to see a greater level of adoption. And I think that's actually helping us more as customers look to be closer to those interconnection points and leverage their hybrid architecture. So I think the starting number is that more.
Paul Szurek: I'll try to remember all those elements, Jonathan, but feel free to remind me if I leave something out. First of all both from a customer and product perspective, we were very heavily focused on downtown Chicago. And if you look at you know the president for our campus development, LA1 and LA2 are a great example of the tremendous synergies you can achieve by providing this enterprise class scalable you know more flexible for higher density product, more power efficient, new building or new – new space that that has this type of dark fiber connectivity back to your main network node. It really expands the use cases and the edge cases that can take place in the urban core where there is a much more enterprise rich target environment. And it's essentially our model. We use it at VA2 and 1 and 3. We use it at – in Santa Clara. And so, we were very, very focused on finding this type of opportunity in downtown Chicago and we're glad to do that. I would also add that as we've had ongoing conversations with customers about their needs and what they need and where they need it, this is exactly the type of product in Chicago that has received a lot of encouragement from that – on which we've received a lot of encouragement from our customers. Regarding the product overall and I've touched on this a little bit earlier in the answer. Brian Warren, our Senior Vice President of Construction and Engineering and his team, which I have a very high regard for, have really evolved our product over the last couple of years. It gets better with each iterations but figuring out how to achieve the appropriate levels of redundancy with more design efficiency and lower cost, how to improve our contracting processes to deliver better results and lower cost and how to design and setup the data center to where we have more flexibility within the same building to accommodate both high density and low density deployments and to get the best possible PUE outcome from the equipment we're deploying and to set it up and commissioned it and turn it over in such a way that we have significantly better operations results although we've always had outstanding operations result, but at a lower cost on an ongoing basis. So I'm really pleased with what he and his team have done in that regard and I think we're still in the fairly early innings of ongoing product evolution.
Paul Szurek: Hey, Rob, let me provide some commentary and then if Steve has some additional things to add he can do. So I think you're looking at it absolutely correct in that. When you look at the amount of commencements that need to be generated and ultimately signed from new sales activity in 2018 as compared to 2017, they're at equal and in par with each other going into 2018. The one thing that's different is when you look at the amount of commencements that we're projecting that ultimately need to be embedded into and filled with capacity that's under construction. As we head into 2018 that's about 50% of the estimated commencements have to come from new construction and that's higher than where it’s typically been. And so that's where they're just provides some element of risk around and it's all tied to completion of the construction cycle, but that's what we're forecasting at this point in time.
Paul Szurek: Yeah, Rob, let me just give you some color as you're probably aware. If you look – if you go back maybe two or three years, our mix between our power products as we refer to them as call it breakered to metered going back two or three years it's been about 60:40 breakered to metered. When if you look at 2017, we ended the year and it moved that down to 55:45 right in line with what our expectations were and so we would expect that to be honest I think to be fairly consistent as we move forward here over 2018. I don't think that we'll see a significant movement on a go forward, but that gives you some relative idea where it is at the end of 2017 compared to where it was a couple years ago.
Paul Szurek: Yeah, good morning, Frank. Yeah, I think as you know and as we've communicated historically as we underwrite our developments, we're always looking to achieve north of a 12% overall stabilized yield on cost. Obviously, when you do the math, you can see that we've exceeded that in terms of what is in our embedded base, but that's still our underwriting. As we sit here today, I don't think I would read anything into that near-term as it relates to the pricing aspects of what's occurring this quarter.
Paul Szurek: Yeah, Lukas, a couple of things. We had some renewals that took place in each of those locations and so you will obviously – depending upon how those come out are going to impact that rent to some extent. But overall in addition on an annual basis, we do what we referred to as an update of our conversion factors from cage usable square feet to NRSF and on occasion that will drive occupancy up or down without moving the dollars. And we had a little bit of that noise at SV1 and SV2 this quarter.
Paul Szurek: I'd like to close by thanking the broader CoreSite team. Greer, Jeff, Steve and I are fortunate to work with outstanding colleagues, who enable us to consistently increase value for customers and shareholders while also making this a very good environment in which to work. I look forward to our ongoing achievements and I thank all of you who took the time to listen to us today. Have a great day.
