Jeff Finnin: Good morning, Colby. It's Jeff. Let me see if I can take your first question. You are correct, that some of that decrease in power revenue is directly attributable to the customer at SV7. And so as you think about 2020, I'd probably put it in simplistic terms from the standpoint given the guidance we've given you can see we've guided to an increase of revenue of about $32 million at the midpoint. We've also guided to interconnection revenue growth of about $8 million at the midpoint. The remaining $24 million, I would allocate that pro rata to what our full year 2019 is, the relative portions between rent to power, which is about two third rent, one third power, as you think about modeling and those components for 2020. In terms of CapEx, we have – obviously, the projects that are under development at this point in time. And well obviously, as we work through 2020 will have the need, hopefully in the opportunity to add additional development projects that will disclose at that point in time. At this point in time, we don't have any incremental land purchases in our guidance, not to say we're not looking, not to say we won't execute it on it, but at this point, none of that is embedded into the guidance for CapEx for 2020.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah, Jordan, let me let me see if I can address that and, and see if we can clarify some things. But let me just start with the 2020 turn and then I'll come back and talk about the fourth quarter. As it relates to 2020 churn, what we tried to communicate last quarter is that we expect our churn in 2020 to recede back to its normal levels of call it 7.5% to 8% with the exception of the fact that we have to add another, as we just said, on the call 250 basis points related to that specific customer. So all in, you're going to have churn somewhere around 10%, which is what our guidance is. We tried to communicate that last quarter, and I think it got lost a little bit in the translation. And so I just want to make sure we're clear on that. So we expect midpoint at 10%, inclusive of 250 basis points from that one customer.
Jeff Finnin: It's 250 in 4Q of 2020 and it'll be less in the fourth quarter of 2021. Just to give you an idea, it's five megawatts this year, four megawatts next year, just to give you an idea how that deployment will, will mature.
Jeff Finnin: And then as it relates to the fourth quarter, Jordan, obviously, the full year churn came in slightly ahead of and higher than what our guidance was. And I would point to two things. As it relates to our churn in 2019 and in 2020, we had some of that churn that we expected to ultimately take place in the fourth quarter of this year, so a little bit earlier than we anticipated. And then as I said in the prepared remarks, we expect to also have our churn in the first quarter of 2020 to be elevated. The full year, we still expect it to be in line with what we anticipated. But the timing associated with it got moved into the first quarter where some customers are moving out sooner than what we expected. As a result of that we expect first quarter churn to be somewhere around 325 to 375 basis points. And those two elements of some of that moving sooner than we anticipated are obviously weighing in on some of the guidance we've given for 2020.
Jeff Finnin: And I guess the only other thing I would add there, Jordan is just to kind of point you back to some of the prepared remarks there as well. And just the overall demand characteristics that we've seen over the especially the last year and new customers coming to the platform we had more customers that are contributing more revenue, significantly more revenue and the average size of those customers is also significantly up. So I think as you look at the overall demand currents of the business and those customers adopting CoreSite it's actually stronger than ever.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah, Frank, this is Jeff. I'll just provide a little bit of additional color around and hope it I hope it helps. We've obviously spent a lot of time, energy and effort in 2019 just continuing to peel back the onion and better understand some of the contributors to the churn and specifically related to some of those business models. And some of what we found, just to give you some color around it are – as an example, some of the resellers in the marketplace are an example of some of those business models that are not as strong today as they were historically and you saw some of that impacting our 2019 churn, some of its impact in 2020. And then there's other business models that rely heavily on the need and desire for burst capacity various times during the year. Some of those customers rely on the cloud; other customers rely on us in terms of adding capacity. And when you look at that those are the areas that have some exposure to migrating some or part of those to the cloud or to just that may not be as strong and may migrate out of out of our data centre entirely. When you look at and quantify what remaining exposure we have, as I commented on its much lower today than it has been historically, worried about 4% to 6% of our annualized rent that's embedded in our base today. That's why we get comfort that as we look beyond 2020, we believe those churn levels will recede back to the historical levels of 7.5% to 8%. And that's what we're modeling and why we continue to be optimistic in – and in relationship to some of the comments we've provided today. So hopefully that helps.
Jeff Finnin: Hey, Eric, it's Jeff. Let me just give you some feedback on your first question related to revenue. And I think, similar to what Paul alluded to in his prepared remarks, we've got the capacity today as compared to the last couple of years, where I think it gives us the agility to compete more effectively, where we can see some of that demand. As some of the demand continues, I just think it gives us the capabilities to compete more effectively especially for some of those scale deals that might in the marketplace, so I think we're optimistic about that. But we got to see ultimately how the market evolves and where those opportunities arise. And as we've said, historically, those tend to be fairly lumpy. In terms of your question longer term the ability to return to double digit growth. I would say that as I look near term and call it the next two to three years, I think we're optimistic to get back to those high single digit growth rates, assuming we continue to execute on some of the priorities Paul laid out and assuming that the churn received back to those levels we've seen historically, and I think we're optimistic about getting back to those high single digit growth levels in the near term.
Jeff Finnin: Hey, Nate as you look at that, MRR per Cabi and you look at the results for the fourth quarter, really what contributed to the – I think it's 4.1% overall growth rate year-over-year is the largest contributor to that was the interconnection revenue growth. And historically we've been in that mid-single digits for that MRR per Cabi growth, I would expect that as we think about 2020 to be probably low single to mid-single – low to mid-single digits for 2020 and largely just because of the guidance we've given around our mark-to-market on renewals being a little bit lower for this year. So that's how I would think about it as you head into 2020 given where we are today.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah, I think it's – I would look at it from the perspective of what we experienced the last two quarters, which is both in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter, we had a handful of customers, where we had some roll downs and Steve alluded to it in his prepared remarks and that's dependent upon their size, is dependent upon the term of their leases and more specific into the market, which those renewals are. Once you strip those out, the pricing in both third and fourth quarter was positive. I think it was 3.4% last year – I'm sorry, in fourth quarter and I think it was 2.8% as my recollection the third quarter. So that's the dynamic you're seeing. And I think that dynamic will continue as we go through 2020.
Jeff Finnin: Hey, Richard the only thing I'd add is on page 15 of the supplemental, just take a look also at our lease expiration table, it'll give you an idea what those explorations are on a per square foot and compare that to our current pricing. And then just monitor that as we move forward. I think it gives you a better idea maybe where that's going to be longer term.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah Jordan, we have looked at it over the last couple years. And basically when you look at that portion of our property tax expense that's isolated to specifically California and then more specifically, to those leases, where we do not have the ability to pass through the cost increases. It's limited to about $3.5 million that sits inside our portfolio that's equal to about 15% of our total property tax expense. And so what's important also about that –
Jeff Finnin: Yeah, that's correct, so 3.5 million and just to give you some other data around that I think helps as we look at this, the leases associated with that $3.5 million, they're on average ever remaining lease term about two and a half years. So obviously, we'll have plenty of opportunities near term to have – continue to have conversations about maintaining them and pricing it accordingly. But we're watching that closely and continue to monitor the overall effects to our business.
Jeff Finnin: Yeah, I think that's close Michael. I would say 350 was our midpoint for the first quarter, so you were just a little bit high there. But that might leave you about 400 basis points for the rest of the last three quarters.
Jeff Finnin: Right, yeah. No, it's obviously something we look at as we're going through all of our renewals over the next call it 24 months and it's our expectations that it would be lower. Typically on a typical quarter for us it's usually 1% to 2% is what we've seen historically. So those numbers don't sound out of line with what the remaining portion is.
Paul Szurek: No. Jordan, it's a good question. It may seem odd, even contradictory that we have, for example record sales and record churn in the same year. But it makes sense if you view them as two sides of the same technology coin. Our record sales reflect new data business models and use cases that seem to have significant tailwinds behind them, as reflected in our growing new logo sales and to edge in major metro cloud sales and continuing growth from customers acquired in recent years. The churn primarily reflects business models that are waning and as Jeff mentioned, have become a significantly smaller part of our portfolio, which means that the amount of that churn should wane, especially to the extended has been accelerated into 2019 and 2020. And the lower CapEx just relates back to what I said in my prepared remarks that we are shifting from the need to build out entirely new buildings, which for over the last year plus this year into a phase where we're building out new computer rooms in existing buildings which we can do more quickly and have higher returns. So I mean, look, we're like every company that has grown, you get bigger, your denominator gets bigger and the industry has matured some in terms of new capital coming into the industry. But we still feel really good about our business model and our markets. We actually have more markets that we can grow in that we practically had or had as a practical matter a few years ago because we used to be highly dependent on three markets. We didn't have scale in Chicago and New Jersey was more urban for a few years. But now we're building scale in Chicago and New Jersey has really picked up as a nice enterprise market. So in terms of being able to deliver, I think, above standard growth to compared to the rest of the reed industry, and serving an industry with significant tailwinds. I still feel very optimistic. But we are impacted last year and this coming year by this accelerated churn from these older business models.
Paul Szurek: Okay. I mean, the markets where we've seen pickup in demand as we mentioned, the comment I made earlier, New York has really improved. Santa Clara continues to be strong. We obviously had strong demand in LA last year and frankly as Steve mentioned in his sales comments Virginia picked up in the fourth quarter. So those are those are the primary markets that are plus on the demand side. In terms of –
Paul Szurek: Yeah, based on our sales funnel, they still seem to be to be good markets. The relocations, primarily, that's the SV7 lease that you talked about. And as we mentioned in the past, that's just a customer that realized that their applications were not performance sensitive, didn't need to be in Santa Clara moved it to a lower cost market. And to a certain extent, the other relocation is the same kind of thing and it's out of Milpitas and they are making the same kind of cost rationalization decision. No, I mean all I can really say about the SV7 situation and Jon you know as well as anybody how the scale and hyper scale leasing in Santa Clara tends to come in lumps and weighs although they tend to come quarter-by-quarter with very significant amplitude between quarters as opposed to year-by-year. But our sales team is out there, working with our customers and working the market for backfills for that space. The customer itself as you know has hired a brokerage firm which worked for the customer and we don't have any control over what they do. Time will tell if their efforts are a distraction or if they provide value to the customer and indirectly to us. But so there's a good coverage out in the market of all the opportunities that are potentially out there to backfill that space before the end of the year.
Paul Szurek: So you could see how we feel about it that's baked into the guidance Jeff provided. I think it's harder to look beyond that because it really depends upon how supply and demand evolves in each of our markets. But I do believe it's a little bit like the churn thing that some of that will go away as we go past certain vintages of past leasing.
Paul Szurek: So Michael, typically we don't give out specific sales forecasts. And so we probably shouldn't retroactively give out comparisons to sales forecast. But obviously, we're very happy with having a record sales year last year and what it tells us about the market. In terms of the latter part of your question, it's a really good question and kind of balances between strategy and execution, what you're doing, what we're doing, strategy is obviously really important. And we and our board take it seriously and we evaluate it regularly. But there's a – if you'll pardon my use of the expression, there's no Polish proverb to the effect that execution eats strategies lunch. And we have consistent as you pointed out we have put more focus on execution in the last few years. And I think you see some of that showing up in our results already. Well, we're building faster, better and more cost effectively. And capacity is crucial for sales. We're selling more effectively, including the difficult transition to selling hybrid cloud data centre solutions to enterprises who are relatively new to collocation, which shows up in our rising new logo sales. We've made agile changes in our product offerings that we've talked about that are specifically targeted to facilitating the customer journey to the hybrid cloud while easing the transition to a collocation model. Every one of those products has a purpose, making it easier to switch from one cloud to another, making it easier to provision redundancy for both resiliency and cloud SLAs, making it easier for companies to flatten their wand networks and be able to save significantly on their overall network costs as they move to a hybrid cloud model, and even giving them the same visibility into their collocation environment in terms of temperature, humidity, power and other features that they would have if they were using on premises data centre facilities. Again, easing that transition in that comfort level and going into collocation. So it's been a big area of focus for us. And frankly, I don't want to underestimate the importance of operational effectiveness. That's reflected in our vastly improved uptime record or significantly better PUE, which by the way is a frequent comment from enterprise customers moving into collocation is how much they are saving in terms of power costs and energy efficiency by moving into this environment, as well as the improved operating efficiencies at the data centre level. Again, these customers that may have some discomfort moving from on-perm to collocation and are putting a lot of their digital transformation into this hybrid cloud model. They really take a lot of comfort in those operational improvements. So again, wrapping up, and as I mentioned earlier, I think we have more markets that we can grow in now relative to what we had historically. And I'll reiterate what I've said on other calls that pound per pound or share per share, I think we have a higher concentration of exposure to strong growth markets than probably any of our peers. So we feel good about where we are. We continue to look at and evaluate other opportunities. But we believe these ongoing improvements in execution coupled with the tailwinds, we believe will be strong for a few years. Plus our scale and strong ecosystems in key markets is what makes us optimistic going forward and I think what is showing up in our sales levels.
Paul Szurek: Well, I think what you're saying Sami is just another data manifestation of the churn versus the sales. I believe and Jeff will correct me if I'm wrong, that the vast majority of the churn that we have been experiencing this year and last year that relates to these older business models has been categorized in the enterprise bucket.
Paul Szurek: So as that bucket – those enterprises have shrunk as a percentage of our portfolio and eventually that churn wanes because we just don't have that much more left there. Theoretically, that should see – that should drive up the percentage of our share of enterprise with the caveat that as we saw last year, we are seeing more edge cloud use cases and cloud demand for availability zones in these high performance markets. So that may counterbalance the growth in our enterprises.
Paul Szurek: We try to not talk about customer specifics. We have mentioned in the past that this lease was signed when market conditions were fairly tight in Santa Clara, but they seem to be fairly tight in Santa Clara today as well. So it's really hard to predict.
Paul Szurek: As we've said in the past, there's always a dynamic related to this, because some customers just don't have that type of visibility, especially when they start – when they're in the startup phase and are scaling up. Having said that, we don't have – we've got this one big chunk, I don't believe that we have anything comparably sized that would be subject to this dynamic elsewhere in the portfolio.
Paul Szurek: So again, we have a hard time seeing what's going on outside our markets and our customer activity, but from what we see demand still seems to be strong. Having said that, if you just look broadly from what we can all see there are markets that have low barriers to entry, saw significant private capital going to development platforms over the last two years and probably got over built. To some extent we've mentioned that in Northern Virginia and the spec construction that took place in 2018 and 2019, which appears to have abated quite a bit. So that may be part of it. And I think you've got similar dynamics going on in markets like Phoenix and Dallas and maybe other markets that are less visible to all of us, but that may be a part of it of what you're seeing there Michael. I don't know that we see any slowdown. I mean, you look at the overall growth trends of the major CSPs and they still seem to be in absolute terms growing the same volume year-over-year.
Paul Szurek: I mean, the only one where we've really seen a significant amount of that has been that we're in has been Northern Virginia, and I believe we have absolutely seen a pullback in privately funded speculative development. And I don't know, it's three or four of those development platforms have explicitly announced that they're not going to go forward with the spec development they're trying to mutate into a build to suit model.
Paul Szurek: I think that's covered in Jeff's comment about how our exposure to that kind of sector in general has declined. That has been in some respects, some of our churn – at least with respect to one of those companies. But again, we don't have much of that left.
Paul Szurek: And I'd just add – remind you the comments I made earlier that we're bigger cut made, the denominator is bigger, the industry is more mature and yet relative to other reach sectors I think our prospects for recurring annual growth over the intermediate term are better than probably all the other ones I can think of or at least most of them I can think of. And I think that's a good business model.
Paul Szurek: So, first of all, I just refer you to the ESG report that we put out every year. Our primary focus quite honestly has been on energy efficiency dollar for dollar, that's the largest impact on our and our customers' greenness. And frankly, we're already providing a lot of that greenness to customers. We know one customer for example that is able to qualify their new compute environment as one of the 10 greenest in the world just by moving into our more power efficient data centers from their on-premises deployment. So that's where our most of our focus has been, as we said in the past, we will purchase renewable energy, where it is allowed by the local utility and where the cost is basically competitive i.e., will not adversely impact our customers. And that tends to be the focus of our customers and that is what we have been – that's what we've accomplished. We also quite honestly encourage our utilities to generate and allocate other low carbon or non-carbon sources of generation. But because we don't have control over the power mix in our more regulated markets, we don't have any specific targets, but we do advocate for non-carbon and renewable generation sources and we do as often as they allow us and we can do so competitively purchase and wheel in those sources of energy.
Paul Szurek: Yeah. So Richard, as I said, I think in response to an earlier question, it's hard to predict beyond 2020 because you don't know what supply and demand will be in each market and what that will mean for market pricing in each market. But we do believe it's like a lot of – like even the churn that we're experiencing is that you do go through these vintages and then eventually the effects of a certain vintage are two go away. And so we don't really have visibility beyond 2020. But if history is any guide, we should see some improvement in these areas going forward past 2020.
Paul Szurek: And honestly, we encounter different dynamics than other companies do because our ecosystem has a different value than campuses that don't have the same density and diversity of customers who are using all the various services and want to do it with the lowest latency or zero latency in essence highest bandwidth, highest security for exchanging data. And so there's – it's like saying in other forms real estate what's the market price for space in particular mixed use development. A lot of that depends on what the mixed use development is compared to what other alternatives are.
Paul Szurek: Jordon I'd only add that these are estimates based on what we believe the impact on property tax valuations would be, obviously, if this thing passes and it gets implemented, latter part of 2021 into 2022, some of those things will be determined more specifically.
Paul Szurek: Well, obviously Jeff and his team, as you've mentioned have done a lot more digging and analytics around the customer base. But we have also made it a high priority with all of our general managers in each market, working collaboratively with the sales team to have specific responsibilities and reporting around churn, risk, expectations, what's being done with respect to each customer. We've laid out a new rubric for determining how to address customers, when they come in at renewal and want a pricing change or something like that. When do we give that when do we not? The main focus being at least not be surprised by it, but having said that, I think even had those efforts been in place a year to 18 months ago or those new processes in place a year to 18 months ago, I don't think it would have changed our experience that much because quite honestly, a significant part of the – probably almost all of the unexpected churn is churn that really wasn't to be expected based on lease terms. Customers turned out before their lease term was up or even customers that at one stage in the discussions were planning to renew and then somewhere late in the game changed their mind. So we should be able to have – and I think the biggest comfort, as you said for the Street is just the fact that a lot of these business models have significantly declined, as Jeff described as a percentage of our portfolio.
Paul Szurek: So I think we're making good leasing decisions today. I can't really say that they're better because when you look at some of these customers that came in and some of them have been in place for seven, eight, nine years, had vibrant business models at the time. And I think neither they nor most people really expected the significant disruption from cloud that started occurring four, five years ago. So that's always a part of this business. It's why we stress the importance of constantly acquiring new logos. That's why we've tried to build great relationships for edge cloud use cases with the major CSPs who are good to work with and are obviously good credits. So yeah, I think that as we work through these churn episodes we come out with a stronger portfolio. But I think the company has always been pretty careful about its leasing decisions and that shows up in our very low bad debt expenses.
Paul Szurek: And Michael, just as Jeff mentioned earlier, the higher churn in the first quarter is basically one customer and the higher churn in the fourth quarter is another customer. And absent that, we don't see any other customers of significant magnitude – of similar magnitude that are in that category.
Paul Szurek: Thank you. Thank you all for your time and your interest today. Those were a lot of good questions. I just like to wrap up by thanking my colleagues throughout the company for all the progress they've made and proactively and efficiently building new capacity, expanding our sales to new enterprise customers, and supporting customers with new connectivity products and exceptional operations. I'm very fortunate to work with this group of people. And just to recap, we believe the ongoing benefits of these improvements along with the secular tailwinds for our campuses should lead to a resurgence of growth if we outpaced churn for our expectations. We look forward to working to achieve that future and we hope all of you have a great day. Thanks very much.
Steve Smith: Yeah and it's pretty indicative. As I pointed out in the prepared remarks around Q4 leasing where we had a few customers that drug down our mark-to-market to a negative 1% and when you exclude those five customers, we actually had a positive 3.4% cash basis. So as we look at some of those ageing customers, those specific customers side with us back typically in the 2015 or prior era, and as they've been – had annual escalations in their rent and some of the pricing in those markets has been stable or in some cases decreased. Now, we've obviously had to make some adjustments that have brought down the overall expectation there. So there's a little bit of that sprinkled throughout the entire guidance, but that's also baked into the overall assumptions in guidance for 2020.
Steve Smith: I'll start with the last part of that question and get into the first part. It definitely is a balance right. So I do see value in extending the channel and we have some efforts internally to continue that growth and actually look at some other channels to broaden our reach and deepen our reach into key customers. As we look at the market, I think there's a great opportunity out there for the mid to large enterprise that is really wrestling with how they evolve their IT challenges and much of that involves partners to help them with that evolution. So working with those partners to make sure that we're part of that conversation is definitely part of the strategy. But it is balanced because in some cases that does come with cost associated with it. I would say that in some cases as well, it actually brings more value and stronger pricing, so it just kind of depends on the channel and how we manage that mix.
Steve Smith: I do think it is balanced, right. And it is important to manage that risk or that mix rather, but I do think that it is such a complex environment out there for enterprises that they need help in managing that evolution of their IT strategy. And so as they look to partners, collocation is part of that and their cloud on ramps and how they bring that into a seamless architecture for their customers and their employees. So they need help doing that. And partners of various flavors are a key part of that, whether it's system integrators, resellers and otherwise. So I think that's a good opportunity to help our enterprises come to our platform, as well as a good opportunity for us to leverage kind of off payroll resources to help us find demand.
Steve Smith: And Sami, just to give you a little bit more color around the new logos that are buying from us, about 78% of them are enterprise versus 20% on cloud and a few new networks as well. So this gives you a bit of color as to where the new logos are coming from. And I do think you'll see some big lumps in cloud as that's how they buy.
Steve Smith: I think you spelled it out well there, Jeff. When you think about enterprises connecting their hybrid architecture, as we've mentioned before, it really does need to be well connected in low latency fashion and with some of the upgrades that we've made in our OCX platform, as well as adding new on ramps to our campuses, that's helped facilitate all of that as well as some of the newer products that we provided as far as inter site capabilities and so forth. So we've seen some good uptick in that product as well.
Steve Smith: Yeah, I would just say you're exactly right. I mean, our fourth quarter was actually the best quarter we've had in two years. And if you look at the makeup of that as you look at the overall numbers, it's all retail type of business, good enterprise business that we've been selling there. So we've been able to really sell effectively into our first phase there and now into second phase. And we have seen good pipeline and good results there. So we're optimistic. And as the opportunities present themselves both in retail and scale there is scale opportunities out there that value that type of platform that we both now have the capacity for, as well as the interconnection for those low latency applications that exist out there. We just – as we've said, in the past, we are trying to be diligent and pragmatic about those opportunities and ensure that they add value to the platform and deliver the returns that we expect.
Steve Smith: Well, as Jeff mentioned, we're optimistic about the growth opportunities that we see ahead of us. So it was a record year for us. And as you can back into the math of our current guidance, we have not expected that same type of result in our current sales mix for 2020. But we're optimistic about –that opportunity for us, but those deals and that leaking is very lumpy as we've depicted in the past and so trying to forecast that type of growth is challenging.
Steve Smith: Don't know if you want to – I don't know if there's – it's difficult to disclose what market pricing is. There are so many factors that go into a price for a given customer, depending upon their density, the size of the deployment, as well as their interconnection requirements. So that's why the moment of silence there because it's really difficult to kind of quantify a given market price given all those different factors.
Steve Smith: I guess it's –again, it just depends on the deployment. And there's a lot of different ways to configure a pricing parameter around a different given customer based off of their power draw, their density levels, all those different factors. So it's just challenging for me to even give you a straight answer.
Steve Smith: The only other thing I would just kind of – my comments with this, as you build a contractual agreement with a customer, there's a lot of factors that go into that part of it as size and density and so forth, but also expected power draw from that customer and how you manage that in relation to the rest of the draw of that computer room and the building. So it really is very challenging, really impossible to give you just a market price without knowing the exact parameters of the customer.
Mike Funk: Yeah, thank you for taking the questions. A couple if I could. Yeah, going back to your comments on SV7, maybe just quickly, can you let us know what the expiring rent is there relative to market rates? Then I've got a follow up question after that one.
Mike Funk: Great and then second one, you mentioned the – part of the move driver is a performance centric application maybe not being as performance centric as the customers thought. If you look at some of your higher profile locations, how good of visibility do you have into the use cases of your customers in those facilities, and maybe risk of further churn as customers look at the need to be paying peak rents versus being say hundred miles away.
Mike Funk: And maybe just kind of comment on some other comments in the quarter. So I guess Cummings on their call mentioned they project 5% to 10% decline in power generation because they're seeing some slippage of construction from '20 into '21. I think Google said they expect to have more of their spending budget allocated towards servers over data centers. So I mean, certainly some mixed commentary out there just about the kind of the strength of the data centre market and demand in general. I'd love to get your thoughts or commentary on that.
