Thomas A. Bartlett: Sure, Jason, let me take the first one, and I think Jim will take the second one. With regards to the dividend distribution, we've given some pretty clear guidance around what we expected the distribution to be this year because it was very -- we thought it could be very helpful, given the fact that this was the first year in fact that we were going to be paying a dividend relative to our movement to a REIT. But let me give you a few data points that could be helpful to understand how we think about this distribution growth over the next few years. First of all, we have an internal goal of sustaining long-term double-digit AFFO growth. We've historically been able to generate, and we have that continued goal going forward. Our current payout ratio, as a percent of AFFO, is in the 28% to 30% range, depending upon the guidance that we've given, the $0.84 to $0.90 based upon the midpoint of our 2012 outlook. Over the long term as our NOLs and depreciation tax shield decline, as you identified, our distribution should begin to increase as a function of both AFFO growth and a higher payout ratio, and this would obviously result in a distribution growing faster than our AFFO growth rate. Now clearly, this is all going to be a function of where our board lands on that, and it's within their sole discretion. But hopefully, that gives you a couple of data points that will be helpful to kind of think about that going forward.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Sure, David, on the second one, on India, I mean, we looked at some of those companies, some of the smaller companies that we didn't think candidly would be back in the market relative to some of the events here going on, and they represented roughly 3% of the revenue stream in India. And we, in essence, have canceled those or set-up an allowance, if you will, for those, and that charge actually hit in the first quarter relative to our run rates. So there isn't any longer anymore run rate revenue coming for them, and that's included in the churn numbers that we outlined today.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, I think that's fair, David, and we're talking about 2012, and that we have the range for the dividend between $0.84 and $0.90. And so clearly, we could be at the high end of that particular range. And I think that, as Jim pointed going forward, I think the way, the right way to think about this is to look at kind of the AFFO growth and looking at the distribution, we think, that will outpace that AFFO growth, and there are awful lot of things that are going -- that can go on from a tax return perspective in terms of looking at what taxable income is, bonus depreciation, all kinds of items. So I think the best way to think about it is just as Jim laid out that we would expect that the dividend to be our goal would be to have it be higher than our AFFO growth going forward. And we think that coupled with the AFFO growth in the business really provides an attractive return for our shareholders.
Thomas A. Bartlett: No, I think that's a very fair assumption. I mean, we've made some upfront investments, including the investments in Uganda that we've been building, and now anticipate actually closing on those towers the next couple of days in a venture that we're doing with MTN. So as you would expect when you're going into these markets their upfront costs in terms of systems and people that we need to incur, and what we would expect then going forward as we would increase tenancy on these particular towers that we would be able to the expand the margins. And I think the logical place to look is at the -- what we've seen at our U.S. market and the ability to increase the margins in our U.S. business with the increased tenancies, and I would expect to see those same kind of trends in our international markets.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Right. I think the easiest metric to look at is what we call organic growth rates. And if you take a look at our U.S. market, this past quarter, we talked about an 8.5% of organic. That's kind of the same tower sales, if you will, lease-up, as well as amendment activity on the existing sites that we've had for over 12 months. And so in our domestic market, U.S. market was on 8.5%. International markets, it was 9.3%. So we're already starting to see an increased demand for those more single-tenant towers because as you properly pointed out, our U.S. market were about 2.7 tenants. And I think in international markets, we're on average about 1.5. So we would expect a higher organic growth rate in those markets going forward for a couple of reasons. One is that we're creating a co-location market, if you will, in many of the countries. You look at Chile, Peru and Colombia, for example, those were all single-tenant towers. So we're creating that market, creating that demand, putting master lease agreements in place with all the carriers and leasing that up, as well as where they are from a technology perspective because they're, in many of our markets, 1 or 2 technologies behind. So as they try to in those markets continue to expand and grow those technologies, that's another impetus for what we would hope to be a higher tenant growth rate. So we are -- we would expect a higher growth rate from those markets going forward. But I think at same tower sales, or organic growth rate is probably the best metric to look at.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Sure, Jonathan. I mean, on the U.S. market, for example, our guidance currently does not include any material increase at all from Clearwire and/or Sprint -- I mean, or from T-Mobile rather. I mean, T-Mobile represents kind of 2% of our lease-up activity, and it has for the last couple of years, and that's what I have in the guidance. So there's no increase there, and Clearwire is less than 1%, and I haven't included any significant -- any increase at all from those levels going forward. So what we have in the -- or in the guidance, going forward, is really what we've been seeing over the last 3 to 4 months, and which reflects a nice increase in commitments in the first quarter over 20% in the first quarter. And we would expect on a consolidated basis that to be realized throughout the year. As you saw in the kind of the rental revenue bridges that I was trying to identify in my remarks, we have roughly $18 million of outperformance happening on a consolidated basis, and that's split pretty evenly between our U.S. and our international businesses. And that reflects what we've seen in the first quarter and what we would expect to see for the balance of the year.
Thomas A. Bartlett: No, that was incremental. That was again a transaction that has resulted out of the relationship that we had, and so we've been able to develop that, and we're able to close that at the end of the quarter.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, Brett, a couple of thoughts. First of all, on the depreciation. I mean, for tax purposes, our towers are depreciated over 15 years, and we've had them for -- and been building them up over the last several years, but have had them for several years. So what we would see over time is kind of a step decline, if you will, on the depreciation and the tax shield associated with those particular assets. So that's several years out. With regards to the leverage, I mean, we ended at 3.7x. Our targeted range is in the 3 to 5x, and so -- and what I and where Jim and kind of like to keep our balance sheet, where we think is kind of the sweet spot for us, is in kind of that 3.5 to 4x. And so we think that we're pretty much right where we would like to be from a targeted capital structure perspective. With regard to discussions with agencies, I mean, we -- as I said, we've been at that 3 -- we're still within that stated 3 to 5x. And I think to the extent that we went north of that 5x and didn't have a window to be able to bring your leverage down below the 5x, I think the agencies would look at that very, very carefully. And so from our standpoint, as I said, we think that we maximize the value of the firm in that 3.5 to 4x, and would we go higher than the 4x? Yes, sure we would, and we have. We did at the end of last year, and the good news is that the assets that we're buying will come along with cash flow, so that we can work our way back into it. And to the extent that there's a transforming type of the transaction, sure, we would be looking at that too, and be willing to go high into the 4s to the extent that it makes sense. But clearly with a visible path to be able to get down, back down to our 3.5 to 4x.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, but it's several years and we acquired and picked up those assets over time, right? So they all didn't come on to our portfolio at one point in time. So it is a little bit gradual, but yes, I mean they're depreciated over 15 years and at that point in time, they're fully depreciated and that shield, you don't -- you no longer have for purposes of computing what your taxable income is. It's kind of the math.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, I mean, relative to capital, I mean, it's within our original guidance. So our original guidance of $500 million to $600 million, it cares for the CapEx if that's what you were referring to for 2012. With regards to the purchase price, that was actually $150 million was paid in Q2, and that's in the bubble chart that I had in the presentation, which talked to all of the acquisitions. I think it was $600 million to $650 million of capital that we anticipate for actually all of the acquisitions in 2012, including the 1,300 pending acquisitions, which we're contracted to close, which we expect to close sometime during the year. But we've excluded those 1,300 from actually our revenue and income forecast because we don't know exactly when they're going to close during the year.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, that's right. The 1,300 around $150 million in terms of purchase price and relative to revenues, it's about $30 million -- $15 million in EBITDA for a full year basis. But again, not knowing exactly when they're going to close, Rick, we didn't include them. We just wanted to give you a sense of what the annual impact would be, had we had them for a full year.
Thomas A. Bartlett: No, it's different. The Brazil is actually included in the $40 million increase in revenues that we've talked about in terms of increasing guidance for the newly acquired sites. That and the impact of our investment in Uganda largely makes up that $40 million of revenue.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Jonathan, it's Tom. I mean, there are a number of tax strategies that we have put in place historically, and we continue to look at going forward to minimize the cash tax impact in those markets. One is leverage, and we continually look at leverage there, managing through all the FIN cap rules, but to put increasing unit leverage at the local market to provide additional expense at that market to help do that. But there are also a number of other tax strategies that we continue to look at or managing and that we'll be implementing over the next 12 to 24 months. But we have taken some steps, and we're, as I said, just kind of managing this process going forward.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, thanks, Lukas, I mean, the capital that we anticipate spending at least within our guidance is in that $100 million range. It's a little bit higher than we had spent as part of our CapEx program, acquiring land in the United States last year, I think, maybe $5 million to $10 million. And we look at the land just like we look at any other asset that we are acquiring or investing in, and it's a very disciplined DCF type of a model, and to the extent that it makes sense for us to acquire the land and we hit our hurdle rates versus just put out on another 25-year lease or whatever it would be, we'll move forward and buy it. We're actively looking at land that's kind of 3 to 5 years out in terms of it coming up for renewal. We have in the United States, I think, on average kind of 80 parcels that are coming up for renewal on an annual basis. And we have a team dedicated to doing nothing, but looking at acquiring the land where it makes sense going forward. And as I said, we continue to use the disciplined approach to doing it, and so we're not going to be paying more than it might be worth.
Thomas A. Bartlett: Yes, no, that was on a consolidated basis. It was a 60% for new leases and 30% for amendments. In the United States, it's about 45%, 55% and internationally, it's up in the 80%, 20%.
Thomas A. Bartlett: M&A's really difficult to predict in terms of where it would be. I mean, pipelines are active. We're looking at a lot of different things on a global basis, including that in the U.S., and it's very difficult to suggest what will or might get closed throughout the balance of the year.
James D. Taiclet: Yes, Jason, this is Jim. Regarding T-Mobile and their future. Our goal with each of our customers is to contribute to making them successful in their technology deployments and upgrades and at the same time, optimizing American Tower's revenue growth trajectory with that customer and minimizing churn risk especially sort of episodic churn risk. You can expect that we're going to apply those same principles in our collaboration with T-Mobile going forward, and we'll be able to talk more about that when we have some conclusions with them.
James D. Taiclet: And that was about 0.3% exposure, David, to the entire company, which has already been reserved. So I think it's past us. And let me just say a word on the second topic, and Tom can add more color if you like. But again, we're working to optimize growth in the business, David, and the yield for our shareholders at the same time. And so that would imply that we're going to work the assets we have as efficiently as we can, acquire new assets at attractive prices and show growth in the dividend as well to reflect it on both dimensions. So that's the philosophy. We will work with our board on this. We'll give them recommendations every quarter, every year on what those relative growth rates ought to be. But our expectation is that our dividend growth will be faster than the average REIT, and it will also exceed our AFFO growth. That's our expectation, and that's how we'll philosophically work with the directors.
James D. Taiclet: Yes, and to put a final point on the topic, David, for you is we take capital allocation very seriously. We always have here. This is another aspect of capital allocation. So as you've already seen in 2012, we've raised the midpoint of the guidance for the dividend for the full year. So you can see that there's some allocation between the outperformance of the business to funding more business growth and to raising the dividend already. So that's how again I would philosophically look at it going forward. We're going to try to make intelligent capital allocation decisions especially when the business outperforms.
James D. Taiclet: And Jon, it's Jim Taiclet. As to generators, it's a nice complementary adjacent business line for us, primarily in the U.S. right now. And it's getting traction. We've got about 1,000 units out there. We're on track to try to get another 1,000 out in, say, the next 6 to 12 months. It'll be a medium -- small- to medium-sized business line for us over time, and we're hopeful that the carriers once they get through their large technology deployments will pay a little more attention to the backup power aspect of it in years down the road. So it's a nice niche for us that we hope to grow.
James D. Taiclet: We don't change our financial policy in this regard, Rick, based on the REIT comparisons because of the reasons, we're at 3 to 5 to begin with, are lowest cost of capital in our opinion, best credit rating trade-off and flexibility to make M&A deals especially in difficult capital markets. That's the strategy of the company. It will stay the same, and I think it's a benefit for us to have lower leverage than the average REIT. And on the other side, the average tower company because it gives us more flexibility to act in the asset acquisition market than anyone else.
James D. Taiclet: Lukas, this is Jim. I think for real estate investors, ground leases are an important topic, and just maybe add a little bit more context, some additional facts for your review. As you know, we have about 21,300 sites in the United States. We have ownership, as Tom said, or are under capital lease about 28% of those towers. The land underneath is fully secured through those mechanisms. The ongoing program adds about 3% a year to the 28%, for example. So that's kind of the pacing of the $90 million to $100 million investment that Tom mentioned, okay? That 80 ground leases per year that are coming up for renewal over the next few years annually, that's only 0.4% of the total number of towers in the U.S. at any given year that come up for renewal. So again, very manageable. We do take it quite seriously. We go out 3 to 5 years at least, as Tom said, and go out and get those, but it's a very modest exposure to renewal each year going forward. And that's really just some of the context, I think, will be helpful to real estate investors to gauge our -- but we manage the land tightly, and we're increasing our ownership as we go.
James D. Taiclet: Again, it's Jim, Lukas. I'll speak to that. There is back and forth in any renegotiation of whether it's a customer lease or a ground lease, and we tend to have again a long lead time before the final renewal date comes. We have the ability if we choose to move the customer contracts on to another land parcel and reconstruct the tower. That argument tends to get people to be reasonable, and we have very manageable growth we think in our leasing -- land lease cost over time. And with the higher escalator we have in our customer leases and the organic growth we get on our towers on that land, I think you'll find over the years that our revenue growth will be in excess of our ground lease growth.
James D. Taiclet: Okay, I think that concludes our call. I really thank you for your interest, and we've actually gone a little bit longer, I think, than the hour. So I appreciate your interest. And if you have any further questions, please give Leah or myself a call, and again we appreciate your attention. Thanks very much.
