Jim Taiclet: Thanks, Rod, and good morning, everyone. To each of you on the call today, I wish you and yours a safe and healthy path to the COVID-19 pandemic. As Tom stated earlier, our top priority in American Tower is the health and safety of our global workforce. Our dedicated employees and managers throughout the company are committed to keeping critical telecommunications infrastructure fully operational and functional in their communities. The senior executive team and management throughout ATC are doing everything they can to support our global teams in this essential work. Our company is also contributing to those communities financially through our philanthropy and CSR programs and through the American Tower Foundation. This includes everything from working in Boston, Massachusetts with local and state support funds for citizens in need, to funding and donating PPE to health workers throughout the U.S., to helping with the government of India's COVID-19 recovery fund and many more. In addition, Commerce Secretary Ross and I have agreed to immediately pivot the entire near-term work effort of the U.S.-India CEO Forum, which we co-chair, toward COVID-19 relief and recovery efforts in the world's two largest democracies. We are fully engaged with the GOI and our Indian counterpart companies in this effort. As ATC's Executive Chairman, I have been offering guidance regarding our COVID-19 response, while also working very closely with Tom to ensure a smooth and seamless management transition. As I move toward completing my nearly 20-year tenure at American Tower, I am tremendously confident in three key respects: Tom's ability to lead our highly capable executive team and the business into a successful and prosperous future, the continuing vibrancy of our Stand and Deliver strategy and its ability to deliver strong performance and returns to our investors and that the ongoing demand drivers for mobile infrastructure will underpin strong growth for ATC for many years to come. Lastly, I would like to thank our investors and analysts, many of whom are on this call today, for your confidence in our team during the many years that I have been privileged to lead it. I fully expect that Tom will now lead the company, along the trajectory of our Stand and Deliver strategy, to even greater heights in the future. And now I'll turn it back over to Tom for some closing thoughts before we go to Q&A.
Jim Taiclet: Sure, Brett, and thanks for your kind comments. I'll start it off and maybe turn it back over to Tom to speak of the plan ahead. But the range of risks that we anticipated was based on the fundamental risk we had at the time, which we were a single country, single-product company that had really large growth ambitions. And I think to risk mitigate that very high concentration in the U.S. tower market that we went on, as you described it, a 15-year sort of diversification plan. So we diversified among currencies, continents, countries, customers, markets, etcetera, to try to, as you would do, create a portfolio that grew over time that would mitigate risk and grow faster than otherwise we could have. And that's really the framework around what we've been doing for all that time since 2007 or so. So I think within that context, I could let Tom describe how he and perhaps Rod thinks that this can play out given the COVID-19. I think it's still within our framework, frankly, Brett. But let me ask Tom to comment.
Jim Taiclet: Yes. And Tom, I'd like to just add one more point. We still got about 2/3 or more of the cash flow coming from the U.S. So it's grown just as rapidly. In fact, as the international has on a cash flow basis all for that 15-year period. So there wasn't so much risk mitigation that we ended up with, which was really turbocharging growth and keeping a similar risk profile based on diversification.
Jim Taiclet: Ric, thanks for your support, it's Jim, over those last 20 years and your deep understanding of our company. To underpin what Tom said on India very quickly, is that the telecommunication and digital infrastructure industry is one of the significant work streams of this group. And we've got great talent on both sides between American Tower. Sunil Mittal of Bharti Airtel is my sub-co-chair for the group on telecom and also Natarajan Chandrasekaran, who's my co-chair for the entire effort in India with Tata. We have really made some great progress on telecom. In general, we've gotten it on the top shelf of the government of India's consideration to strengthen this industry. And I think the AGR resolution will ultimately be included in how that industry has strengthened. That is becoming increasingly important during this crisis as you can imagine there as it is here.
Jim Taiclet: Yes. And Tom, I would just add, I think from an industry leadership position, we were - I think, instrumental with business roundtable in the U.S., the U.S.-India CEO Forum, therefore, in India, to get us in both countries that critical infrastructure designation, not only for our own company, but for our suppliers. And that still needs to be worked through a little bit more deeply in India. But in the U.S., I think it's pretty effective right now. So I expect, Mike, that we'll have a fairly capable vendor force available to us as well our carrier customers as a result of some of that leadership.
Jim Taiclet: And David, to bring it full circle, when we embarked on our international strategy in '07, it actually positioned us to have, as the circle closed in, say, 2017 through 2025, it gave us the opportunity to potentially expand our U.S. domestic business because our innovation program could then kick in over the U.S. and our international portfolios. It gave us a character that no other tower company in the world has, where we can work with new types of customers like hyperscalers, like big real estate owners that span countries. And we're the only one that can take that dimension of an innovation program on digital infrastructure and circle it back to the United States and maybe even grow faster here over the coming years than we otherwise would have without the Stand and Deliver strategy in the international assets, David. So I think there's some real blue skies here for Tom and the team to pursue under the strategy. And I agree that I don't perceive any big deviations from that based on the fact that this is the same exact team that put the strategy together and executed it for 12-plus years with the people on the call we have right now. So I think we're going to be having really exciting times at ATC going forward.
Tom Bartlett: Hey, thanks, Jim. Before we move on to Q&A, I'd like to first recognize our Board Chairman, Jim Taiclet, for his incredible leadership, judgment and friendship over these last 20 years. Over that period, our business has grown from operating in just three markets, generating about $1 billion in revenue with 15 sites to where we are today. That, in and of itself, is amazing and a testament to his leadership, but it's the way he has guided us and built this culture that, in my mind, will forever be his legacy and my compass for where we go from here. So Jim, I'd like to say on behalf of all your investors and employees, we thank you. Okay. Operator, please, now, let's open the lines for some Q&A.
Tom Bartlett: Thanks, Jim. And thanks, Brett, as well for the comments. I think, as Jim said, I mean, what kind of supports and underwrites the overall international strategy is it's the same business model as we have in the United States. It's not a new set of products and services. And so it allows us to take the model that we built in the United States in terms of how we look at an infrastructure, how we actually look at the master lease agreements and being able to take that offshore into those large, emerging market economies to be able to drive growth. The other piece that Jim talked about was the diversification. We underwrite these investments operationally, which I'll spend a minute some thoughts on it in a minute, but it's a very diversified portfolio. And so we are scattered around in 19 markets, 18 of which are outside of the United States. And we also think that, that serves as a useful way for us to be able to kind of underwrite the risk. The third is we're large incumbents. Our customers are the largest telecommunications companies around the world. So it's we're not dealing with consumers. We're not dealing with a number of small players. These are the large AT&Ts and Verizons outside of out of the United States. And operationally, when we look at the investments themselves, we're looking at them over a very long period of time, so we have a 10-year discounted cash flow, and we underwrite them with a risk-adjusted cost of capital. So we are caring for a lot of the risks that you would normally see. And they have escalators in them that are CPI based, utilizing local debt, reinvesting that cash back into the business. And so we think if we're able to do this in a very balanced way, a very diversified way, we're going to be able to successfully enjoy the growth that we're seeing from these markets that, as you all know, are anywhere from three to five years behind the U.S. from a technology perspective. So we think that's a sound approach, a balanced approach, again, to being able to kind of leverage all the opportunity we see offshore.
Tom Bartlett: Jim, if I could just add a couple of comments there in terms of our ability to build new assets in these international markets. When we build new assets, those are our highest yielding investments and we've been able to build a lot of assets around the globe, more than 4,000 sites last year. And this year, we expect to build even more than that. So it's a way for us to kind of expand our horizon and be able to deploy significant capital in the most productive way possible.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. Rick, I think with - first of all, thank you for your comments and your thoughts. T-Mobile and Sprint have been working and thinking about, I think, their network deployment plans for some time now. So now that the deal is, in fact, closed, we're now able to sit down with them in a meaningful way to talk about a number of different contractual structures with them. I mean, to this point, we've seen some level of increase in the pipeline, but it's still awaiting the bulk really of what we would expect to eventually come through as they ramp up their network deployments. And so we would expect that, as we said, more in the second half of the year to start up some of the more significant volumes. But these are multiyear master lease agreements that master lease agreement structurally that we would put in place. Clearly, we would entertain one of our traditional holistic agreements, where we think it makes sense for us, as well as makes sense for T-Mobile and Sprint. But I think you could be assured that there are significant conversations going on as we speak. T-Mobile is very anxious to get going in terms of being able to meet a lot of their network commitments, and they'll be very aggressive, I am sure. And we are very much committed to being there. And we'll want to tailor the MLA to really be mutually advantaged to both of us. And so that kind of those events will be going on heavily, I would suspect, over the next 60 to 90 days. 
Tom Bartlett: Ric, just as an update. I think as Rod really mentioned, I mean, the process has largely been put on hold as have so many things as a result of the ongoing COVID pandemic. And so my sense is that I mean, and they're on, as you know, full lockdown in the country itself. So it's really status quo as we sit right now. We anticipate in the second half of the year there'll be further hearings to discuss the payment time line for dues and things like that. But everything is really on hold at this point in time.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. No, thanks, Michael, and thanks for your congratulations as well. We did set out revenue goals internally, and we've actually talked about them externally, that within a 10-year period, and this is goals that we actually set back in 2017. We would generate probably incremental $1.5 billion from innovation-related events and activities. And fundamentally, there are really two principal elements of those innovation initiatives. First of all, it'll be utilizing exclusive real estate rights and would be multi-tenant. So very much related to our existing tower business. If you kind of step back and you think about our innovation strategy, it's really based upon, again, this neutral multi-tenant connectivity platform, as I'll refer to it, with our own stack that includes exclusive real estate, passive infrastructure, power, transport, compute layers, and again, I refer to that as kind of as our ATC stack on our existing or on a new platform that we are currently building, platform ATC, if you will. I'm not a marketing guy, Michael, but platform ATC. So everything that we're trialing from our edge computing initiatives, power initiatives, our in-building initiatives, the ones that you were referring to, and the kind of the multitude of international access and transport initiatives, they're largely fiber based, are really meant to be constructive as we really build out this stack, if you will, on this platform. So it's not a vertical point solution, but really a broad kind of a horizontal platform, if you will, capable of providing really a myriad of connectivity services. So if you think about 2020, we have three or four kind of major initiatives going on, again, building out this stack, if you will, this platform, if you will. And the first one is what you referred to, is kind of building out our in-building capabilities. We're trying to drive down the traditional DAS costs that we've developed and segment that we've developed over the last 20 years. And we're really trying to open it up to increase the overall TAM. So we're using CBRS spectrum and really opportunities to increase the tendency as well as increase the offload from our customers. We're also trying to more fully develop what we call our transport layer of the stack. And we're looking at fiber to the curb shared initiatives to really facilitate multiservice providers, and we're doing that largely down in Latin America. You also referred to, and we're doing additional work on developing and exploring our edge-based distributed compute and mobile edge computing opportunities. And I mentioned some of those in my remarks, but we're really trying to leverage our Colo Atl [ph] asset in certain sites in our U.S. portfolio. And finally, kind of rounding it out, we're really trying to improve our overall power layer of the stack. We continue to develop a hybrid shared power solution really using historical diesel-fueled generator power with new lower-cost solar and battery packs. So it's a bit of a double click on many of the initiatives. But clearly, we're at the early stages of the development of this stack, if you will. But we do think, again, it's a very effective way to look at our ability to leverage our existing core set of assets and to be able to offer new types of services to existing customers as well as to new types of customers around the globe. So we'll talk more broadly about that. I think on an upcoming call, our second or third quarter call where we take a deeper dive into a lot of the innovation initiatives. But we're well on our way, and we're very focused and we're doing it, I think, very efficiently. We're not throwing money against the wall here, if you will, in terms of building it out. We're being very focused but we're and we're, as you know, I think we have a CTO that we brought in a couple of years ago that is really providing an overall oversight on these overall initiatives that we have. So as I said, more to come, and we'll feel this back even further in a couple of quarters.
Tom Bartlett: Michael, sure. I mean, that could always be. We haven't seen that necessarily. We're obviously given kind of the essential ticket, so we're able to be out at the sites, but it could be effective on or could affect our build-to-suit program. For example, we've actually come back a bit on the build-to-suit program. We think that those sites will ultimately be deployed, but the timing could be affected by construction personnel from being out of the site. And we are considered essential personnel. So we think that we won't see significant delays there. But as this continues to go along and if it intensifies, sure, that could delay some of the growth that we see in business. But more specifically, I think it's around build-to-suit.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. And this brings a good point. I mean, one of our initial thoughts was would there be some issues from a supply chain perspective, and it's not necessarily bringing in big radios and things like antennas in, but it's usually that $0.50 part that might get in the way of actually deploying infrastructure. And we haven't seen that at this point in time, but and we don't anticipate it. But as I said, if this continues on, we think we're in a good spot, but and our customers are in a good spot, but time will tell.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. No, Spencer. We always are looking at opportunities, M&A opportunities. As you know, we have business development teams around the globe. And it's a fairly lengthy number of opportunities that are out there, if you will. Whether they're COVID-19 related or not, there continue to be a lot of assets out there up for sale. Back in the 2008, 2009 time frame, there was a significant amount of growth. There were companies that were just distressed and looking to monetize their assets. And we actually were pretty aggressive back at the time and picked up some sizable assets. And so we'll see. I think we're in still early stages, if you will, in terms of the pandemic, in terms of its impacting a particular company's financial position. As Rod mentioned before, we have a sizable liquidity position at this point in time. So I think we're really well positioned to be opportunistic here. But we'll go back to our fundamental investment policy and the way we look at deals, and we'll continue to manage it and monitor it that way. And so time will tell. We just closed two transactions at the end of last year, which we're currently integrating and it's going very well. And so we'll continue to see how the year pans out. But as I said, I think we're in a good financial position to be able to strike at some of these to the extent they become available and make sense to us.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. No. Thanks, David, and thanks for your congrats as well. We've got an excellent strategic and tactical blueprint that I believe that's in place that Jim and I, and the rest of my colleagues that we developed and that we're currently executing. We refer to it as is our Stand and Deliver strategy. And as you know, there are four key elements of it. There's industry leadership. There's a focused innovation process, one that I just talked about a few minutes ago. It's enhancing our efficiency initiatives. And it's a continuing drive for growth, profitable growth, sustainable growth, both organically and inorganically. I think that the way we have consistently thought about creating shareholder value based upon sound principles, around capital allocation and investment criteria, our dividend policy, the way we manage our balance sheet, is absolutely sound. So I mean, I don't see any changes to the way that we've been operating the business, and clearly, no changes to the blueprint that we really have in place. I think that the existing team is outstanding. And so now it's up to us to continue to execute. Will we adjust it and tweak it as the market evolves? Absolutely, as we have continually doing. And as we have done over the last 10, 15 years, if we need to, just, as I say, just as we always have. But the fundamentals are solid. I mean, I don't have any grandiose notions that, okay, we're going to be a $20 billion business by 2025. If that happens, terrific. But we're just going to continue to keep our heads down, really move on the strategy that we've got in place. I think that there are as I was talking a few minutes ago, I think there are a lot of really interesting elements of our innovation strategy, which I think are going to increase the overall addressable market that we're going to be able to take our fair share of. And we're going to continue to globalize. We're a very good and very big international business. I think that there are opportunities for us to continue to globalize, particularly when you look at some centralized global business, operational centers that we have. And so I think there are a lot of things that we can do on the efficiency side. And on the leadership side, Jim is really he's got big shoes to fill on the leadership side, and I think we've got a lot of opportunity to continue to really push the envelope in terms of how we're positioned in all the markets that we're in. But when you kind of step back and you look at our inventory, we own about 1/3 of the inventory the assets, if you will, of the 20 market, 19 markets that we're in. So there's a lot of opportunity for inorganic growth. And I think we've got a great business model to enjoy organic growth going forward. So I think we've got the fundamental pieces in place. As I said, we'll tweak it and adjust it based upon where the market is and how the market evolves. But feel very good about the blueprint that we've got in place.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. No. Thanks, Simon, and thanks for your congrats as well. I think when you kind of step back and you take a look at our overall edge computing initiatives, I'd really look at it in kind of two pieces. First of all, from a pure distribution or distributed compute perspective, those are aware we've actually had some early-on successes, and this is where we're actually putting cages out at our particular sites. And we're offering edge computing to enterprise, smaller enterprise, midsized enterprise accounts, where they're looking to perhaps move to the public cloud and just looking for some of their workloads to being more distributed. So that's the kind of the easy element and the easy piece that I think we've experienced. And then the second, more complicated piece, candidly, is on the kind of traditional mobile edge computing. And I see this from a number of different elements. I see this from the data center side, we're obviously looking at it from the hyperscaler side. And this is where we're looking at the opportunity for lower latency types of needs that we think are going to be ultimately developing out at the edge and how we might be able to participate in that. And so we have, as you know, the Colo Atl facility that we picked up a couple of or last year, really. And we're looking to interconnect that offering and kind of access to the cloud and trying to interconnect it back to our own sites themselves with the compute power that we're putting out at the sites to see what that ecosystem, if you will, looks like. I don't actually know how this is all ultimately going to pan out. I don't know the relationships that we're going to see with the hyperscalers as well as with the carriers. We see a lot of initiatives going on between Amazon and Google and Azure in terms of how they're looking at the C-RAN and how they're working with AT&T and Verizon and getting further and further out to the edge. We think that we have some very valuable assets that can be part of that overall solution. And we're looking to be able to kind of leverage the assets that we have to be able to support that. But this is going to be something that, as I mentioned before, it's going to take a while to figure out how to scale. I don't think that without the kind of the whole vehicle element here, with all the IoT element here that it's really going to be something that we can scale efficiently. But that's probably three to five years away. And so we're participating in a number of different trials. As I said, we're taking advantage of this kind of distributed compute capability, and we're trying to figure out how we might fit into the overall mobile edge computing environment going forward. So more to come on that. But as I said, I think we've got some very valuable assets there that can play a meaningful role in some way.
Tom Bartlett: Yes. Colby, on that particular question, I think because of the lack of the wireline presence, I think the governments themselves are going to continue to put pressure on the carriers themselves to ensure that their connectivity continues. And as Jim said, we've been on to some tables with WEF and talking with some of our customers there. I mean, they're all essential and they're incredibly important in terms of ensuring that their customers are connected, particularly with this disease that is so isolationary. So yes, I think that, that demand is going to continue there. As Rod kind of walked through some of our growth rates, we're looking at kind of that 7% to 8% growth rate in Latin America and up in the high single-digit growth rate in Africa. So we're - I believe that, that kind of the growth is actually going to continue. There will there be issues associated with collections and delays and things like that, internet? We haven't seen it, candidly. But to the extent that this continues, sure, that can always be something that we'll that we might see. But we're monitoring it closely. We have obviously, very close relationships with our customers. Our infrastructure is critical to their ability to be able to continue to meet the needs of their customers. So I think we'll be able to manage through that. But we're monitoring it, and we'll watch it very closely and work with our customers to be able to, for all of us, to be able to get through this pandemic. On your first question, could there be delays in organic growth, and we've mentioned some of the delays in the build-to-suit program, the collections issues that we're seeing in India, we've been managing and monitoring those for many years. And so we're working again with our customers. We have an incredible management team in place there who have really terrific relationships with our customers. And so we'll work with them. But ultimately, I think we're in a good position, again, kind of given the critical nature of our infrastructure and that being infrastructure that's really going to allow us all if you kind of get through this pandemic itself.
Tom Bartlett: Great. Thank you, everybody, for being with us this morning. I know we went a little bit late, but I really do appreciate you hanging in there with us. And again, as we've all said, be safe, really, in this environment and keep your family safe, social distance and be well and look forward to catching up with you. Thanks, again.
Rod Smith: And Tom, if I could just add a couple of, I'm sorry, Michael, can I just add a couple of things to what Tom outlined? So I would just add that the strength and resilience of our underlying business really does help support our ability to be inquisitive and opportunistic when it comes to innovation. So our strong and kind of consistent adjusted EBITDA margins, north of 63%, are consistent double-digit revenue growth and the fact that our return on invested capital was north of 11%. That strength in the core underlying business, combined with our very strong balance sheet, again, the liquidity position that we're in at $5.2 billion and pretty low cost of debt at 3.1%, that balance sheet strength is ready to go to work and really does support our ability to be inquisitive when it comes to innovation.
Rod Smith: And then Tom, if I can just add one additional point on the collections issue in India, Colby, that you raised. So when we think about our customer base globally, it is a very strong customer base, large multinational carriers, most of which are investment-grade carriers. When you look at our collections, and when you go through the press release and you see the increase in our accounts receivable, the vast majority of that increase comes from India. In India, I'll point to one customer in particular, which is BSNL, which is a government-owned entity, and that entity has a long history of paying their bills. So we do expect that when the government funding comes through and that could be impacted because of the COVID-19 situation in India, when that comes through, we do expect that those receivables will be paid through that customer. Again, our local teams in India that have a very close relationship with BSNL, they've been through this before. That carrier pays their bills from time to time. They do have to wait for government funding, however.
Rod Smith: Yes. Sure, Tom. So thanks for the question, Brandon, and I'll address the organic growth and what we expect kind of going forward. So if you look at our Q1 earnings, we came in for organic tenant billings growth, the total company was about 5.4%. U.S. was about 5.6%. International came in at 5.1%. If you look at our outlook for the full year, we're expecting total organic tenant billings growth to be about 5%. In the U.S., we expect it to be about 5%. And internationally, we also expect it to be about 5%. So certainly from that perspective, we do expect a kind of a deceleration in those growth rates throughout the quarter. So I do think you'll see that in the first quarter here, we'll post the highest organic tenant billings growth compared to the next three quarters for the year in order to come down to hit those full year organic tenant billings growth rates that we talked about. Of course, those organic tenant billings growth, I guess, I would point out, Brandon, that a big contributor to the organic tenant billing this year is what happened last year. So we still see a good level of activity coming in for the year. The timing of when that activity comes in is a little bit there's a timing issue between quarters, particularly when you think about some of our larger U.S. customers that are under MLA agreements, where the timing of their increases on a quarterly basis could certainly isn't smooth. So we end up, which is a good thing for us, with a bump in Q1, which gives us a full year benefit for a lot of those increases. But in the next few quarters, we will have a lower increase, but it doesn't that won't necessarily be able to translate into lower activity or lower demand for the site. It's really just the timing of the new business increases as per our large MLAs. So I think that's kind of, in a nutshell, without going too much further into individual customers. We do expect a deceleration. I think if you look at our organic tenant billings growth rates and our outlook, we're going to come in right around those levels. That's our best guess at this point. And again, when you see that deceleration, it's not because of a drop in activity levels. It's really mostly driven by the timing of some of the increases for our MLAs.
