Peter Crawford: Sure. So, the biggest driver of the growth in NIM from where we are today to 3% is continuing to pay off those supplemental borrowings. We don't necessarily need deposits to grow, although we obviously expect that will happen between now and 2025. We don't need deposits to actually grow to be able to do that. Remember, we've got probably $11 billion or $12 billion per quarter in cash flow coming from the investment portfolio. That's cash, that's earning roughly 2% today and we can use that to pay off supplemental borrowing that's costing us, lets’s say,on average 5%. And so that’s a significant NIM advantage and NIR [] advantage and revenue advantage that we're able to generate every month we don't – that we have even flat deposits. So that's really the biggest driver between -- for the NIM growth between now and the end of 2025 and frankly between now and the end of 2024 as well.
Peter Crawford: Yes, thanks. Thanks, Kyle, for the question. So I think it's reasonable to think that the betas could be a bit higher on the way down than they were on the way up. At 45 basis points in bank suite, we're paying a rate today that is significantly better than what traditional banks are offering on checking accounts. They're still paying, I think in many cases, 1 basis point or 2 basis points for accounts that have similar liquidity features or in some cases even inferior liquidity features. And so I wouldn't necessarily assume that the deposit betas on the way down will be symmetrical to where they were on the way up necessarily.
Peter Crawford: Yes, thanks for the question. So the map out the illustrations are based on the dot plots, which again, so three cuts over the course of ‘24 and I think it's 200 basis points by the end of 2025 of easing. In terms of the pace of interest-earning assets, our priority is to pay off the supplemental borrowing. And so as we continue to prioritize that, it's reasonable to expect that our interest-earning assets would decline. Again, doing so, you can be in a situation where interest rate assets are declining, but revenue is increasing because again, we're paying off those supplemental borrowings. Of that $11 billion to $12 billion of quarterly cash flow from the investment portfolio, a portion of that is principal and then, of course, a portion of that is interest. So I wouldn't assume that the interesting assets are going down by that, necessarily by that level. But I do think it's reasonable to expect that there will be some decline as long as we have the supplemental borrowings outstanding, we're endeavoring to pay those off as quickly as possible.
Peter Crawford: Yes, so we saw, you know, I think if you look at the end of the year with our -- we target in the banks kind of a 5% to 6% overnight liquidity at the banks. That position roughly doubled at the end of the year. We always like to build up extra liquidity. If you look at our prior years, we did the same thing to make sure we have a lot of excess liquidity heading into what is, again, typically the seasonal investment season. So we expect to draw down those liquidity levels. And that will help to support the seasonal activity that we're seeing. If you look at prior years, over the course of the last several years, you can kind of gauge a sense for that seasonal activity. And I would say this month is progressing kind of consistent with that. So without getting to sort of specific numbers in terms of what we're seeing month to day, I would say it's consistent with what we've seen in previous years and consistent with our expectations. But again, it's not only really clear that the seasonal activity that we see in January through March and then the tax season in April, this isn't client cash realignment. This is just activity that we see every single year as clients build up their cash balances at the end of the year and then deploy those into the markets in the first part of the year and then deploy those to the IRS, I guess, in April.
Peter Crawford: Okay. Well, thank you. Thank you, Rick. And let me just close. You know, Walt and I both said 2024 could be a bit of a transitional year. I'll be with steady progression and our financial results throughout the year. I think it's really important to put that concept in an appropriate context. You know, first is that we're talking about the top line growth versus where we finished 2023. And second and more importantly, as we emerge from this challenging period, we're not transitioning or changing our strategy, our focus on clients, the discipline with which we run the business, nor should you expect to see us lowering our organic growth aspirations or results or changing the fundamentals of our financial formula. Those have all worked quite well. And we’re confident we'll continue to serve our clients and our stockholders well in the years ahead. We thank you very much and we'll look forward to speaking with you again in April.
