Jeff Edwards: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Schwab's 2022 Summer Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Managing Director of Investor Relations. I can only imagine how unsettling it might be for some of our more tenured update attendees to not hear the soothing rhythm of Mr. Fowler's voice kicking off the webcast this morning. But fear not, he is here comfortably perched right next to me in his best Ariat boots as we broadcast live from our headquarters in Westlake, Texas. We once again have our esteemed [tripart] of our presenters for our 60-minute session today, which will include prepared remarks followed by Q&A. Walt Bettinger, along with Rick Wurster will provide a strategic update including insights into the current investor mindset as they navigate what has proven to be a challenging time in the market. Peter Crawford will then review our recent record financial performance as well as discuss our current financial outlook before taking us to Q&A, which I will help moderate. [Operator Instructions] A friendly reminder that today's materials will be posted to the IR website at the beginning of Peter's remarks. Last, but certainly not least, please do not forget to review our lovely wall of words, which reminds us all that outcomes can differ from expectations. So please stay up today with our disclosures. With all that behind us, it's time to dive in. Walt, over to you.
Jeff Edwards: Coming in with one other kind of set of questions from the webcast. We've got some stuff, Peter, for you around AOCI and something that's been top of mind for folks. Maybe you could quickly hit on that just to address those questions.
Jeff Edwards: Brian, it's Jeff. That's something we can follow up with you. Peter, I think we're up on the hour, do you want to take it...
Peter Crawford: Thanks, Ken, for the question. So I would say, in aggregate, the dynamics around cash sorting in the second quarter were very consistent with our overall expectations. And I think this is -- I know there's going to be a lot of questions about sorting. So an attempt maybe to anticipate or perhaps preempt them. It might be helpful just to share a few high-level thoughts around sorting. I want to reiterate that our expectation is that the level of sorting won't be higher than the last rising rate cycle, and it actually could be somewhat lower given the fact that we're not going through the bulk transfer process that we're doing in the last rising rate cycle, that we have an influx of smaller accounts who tend to do less sorting. And we also have a client base that is much more actively trading than they were previously, and we know that when clients are trading, they tend to keep more transactional cash. Second, we know from history that eventually cash, both total cash and on balance sheet cash will find its level, after which point it will grow with the growth in accounts and the growth of total client assets. Third, and this is really important, the cash is staying at Schwab. We've done a lot to create a great array of cash solutions and we've done a lot and continue to do a lot to make our clients aware of those solutions, make sure they're making smart decisions with regard -- regarding their cash. We want our clients to be happy, and we want that cash to stay at Schwab, and that we're seeing -- certainly seeing that happen. Fourth, I think when you look at sorting in isolation, you're only really looking at one part of the equation. And what I mean by that is that the rate increases that give rise to the sorting also help us earn more on the interest assets that remain here, the cash that remains here. Driving NIR higher despite lower interest-earning assets. So in the scenario that we shared, if you do the math, as an example, you'll see that we'd expect to generate roughly $500 million more in net interest revenue in the fourth quarter than we did in the second quarter despite allowing for some continuation of the client cash sorting. And the last point I would make, fifth point I would make is to the extent that cash balances decrease, it frees up capital, enabling us to buy back stock and drive EPS growth one way or the other. Hopefully, that answers your question, Ken.
Peter Crawford: Thanks, Rich. So you'll see in the appendix, we have a lot of detail around the assumptions in the scenario that we shared. And you'll see in the appendix an assumption that the balance sheet contracts by a similar aggregate level as what we saw in the first half of the year. Bearing in mind, of course, that the first half of the year was influenced by the tax payments in April as well as the changes in the mark-to-market value of the available-for-sale securities. And of course, in the second half of the year, you typically have a seasonal tax buildup in December.
Peter Crawford: Sure. So thanks for the question. So in terms of the expense outlook, I shared in this scenario what the expense outlook would be for the full year. So looking at our typical seasonal pattern, you tend to see a little bit lighter expenses in the third quarter and a little bit heavier in the fourth quarter. So as you think about the math on that. I think the important point on expenses is, is we want to continue to drive down our expense on client assets through the cycle. And we want to continue to deliver operating leverage, which is a key part of our financial formula. At the same time, we want to make sure that we're investing in our clients and certainly the long-term growth of our business. That is certainly a delicate balance, but I think you've seen us manage that to achieve that overtime with EOCA declining and our margins increasing. So that continues to be our focus. Sorry, the second question -- part of your question was on -- try again.
Peter Crawford: Sorry, the expense synergies yes. So we have roughly -- perhaps a little bit less than half of the overall expense synergies to deliver. We've said previously that the pace of delivery will be a little bit lighter now relative to the first year or 2 post acquisition. The next big unlock on those expense synergies will be as we complete the client conversions and can eliminate the duplicate systems and so forth that you should see a more meaningful portion of the expenses -- expense synergies materialize at that point in time. We continue to feel very confident in our ability to hit the expense synergy numbers that we have shared previously.
Peter Crawford: So thanks for the question. So just to clarify, I think what we said in the spring business update that we didn't expect it to be higher than that level. And as I mentioned today, I think it could conceivably be lower than that. But you are right that when you think about the pool that we're talking about here, it is really that Bank Sweep and perhaps to a lesser extent, the free credit -- broker-dealer free credit balances you see in the pie chart. So it definitely is not on the total pool of cash. You're absolutely right about that.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So that's maybe one we want to have you follow up with the IR team to kind of walk you through some of the numbers and the -- go through the smart reports to get to that level of detail on the timing on all of that. I think that's probably the best the best path on that.
Peter Crawford: [Indiscernible] my mic here. So we certainly do. And definitely one of the things that we look to actively manage. Our overall portfolio duration now is down to about a little over 4%. It's probably more like 3.5-ish when you consider the cash we're holding more cash. And so we are definitely maintaining a much more liquid portfolio today, targeting new investments to be very short. Now that gives us a lot of asset sensitivity, but also gives us a lot of liquidity to be able to support a wide range of possible outcomes around this client activity.
Peter Crawford: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. And so I've certainly read with some interest, a lot of the, I guess, the questions and the commentary about AOCI and whether this is going to impact our capital planning, our capital activities. And certainly understandable given the size of the AOCI. But frankly, our negative AOCI is not one of the top 30 things I worry about as CFO. And maybe it's important to set a little bit of context. Remember, these are mark-to-market unrealized losses. And they only matter from a regulatory standpoint, if we're over $700 billion in assets for 4 consecutive quarters. So -- it's not like we're going to suddenly -- we're not going to see this point coming well in advance. The other point is that AOCI goes down with lower rates. And it also amortizes steadily over time, about 15% or closer to 20% per year over the next 4 to 5 years. So the only scenario where it poses a problem is, if rates are high and balances are growing, which, of course, would be a scenario in which we're producing very, very strong net interest revenue, very, very strong earnings. And we also have the ability, if somehow we find ourselves in this situation to utilize our sweep tower to move some of those balances off our balance sheet into Sweep money funds. So I think the bottom line that you should take away is that AOCI considerations are not influencing our capital planning activities at all right now.
Peter Crawford: Okay. So that was 3 questions there. Let me see if I can take them all. I think what we saw in the last rising rate cycle is when the Fed stops raising rates, the sorting over time goes down. The pace of sorting goes down as the cash -- the most yield-sensitive cash moves and then, again, eventually the cash balance is fine the level and then start growing again. The assumption in the appendix, certainly encourage you to follow up with the IR team on that. It is end of period assets. And your third question about the BDA is that we'd have taken a lot of balances out of the BDA in the first half of the year. I wouldn't necessarily expect us to take more balances in the second half of the year necessarily. But I think it's important to remember, think of the BDA as almost like another interest-earning asset, and that it's about a 20% floating allocation, which reprices very quickly as Fed funds rate increases. It's got roughly -- if you look at the securities portfolio, it's just over 2, 2.5 years, somewhere in that range in terms of duration. And actually, if you look at the portfolio sort of maturity schedule, which we can also share with you, there's a period of time in a few years where some of the balances that we put on that we fixed during the last [indiscernible] environment start to roll off, which creates a really nice opportunity to pick up a significant amount of yield on the BDA or bring them over to our balance sheet over time.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So thank you. And certainly, thanks, everyone, for the questions and certainly thank you all for the time today. And we clearly spent a lot of time over the last several months discussing interest rates and cash balances, sorting, trading levels. I think what you've probably heard is, I certainly -- none of us can sit here and tell you exactly how those will go over the next few months or quarters. But one thing we remain very confident about is our outlook through the cycle. Confident in our long-term financial formula, which, those of you who followed the company for a while, recall as high single-digit to low double-digit client asset growth, including 5% to 7% organic growth, leading to a similar level of revenue growth. Expanding pretax margins through scale and expense discipline, which creates low double-digit earnings growth, which plus some amount of capital return creates mid-teens EPS growth. That formula remains as relevant today as ever. So you want to put all together what you see as a company poised to combine strong revenue growth over time with significant capital return. But also, I think this goes back to what Walt said, a company that isn't now and has never been satisfied, pressing ahead from a position of strength. Thank you all, and we'll look forward to talking with you again in October.
Walt Bettinger: Sure. Thank you, Rich. And also thank you for the kind words. I'm excited and as I mentioned, honored to add the additional responsibilities as Co-Chair to my duties as CEO. So of course, we all watched with great interest your interview with Chair Gensler. And we have great respect for the Chair as well, frankly, as his objective of striving to improve the trading experience for investors overall. I think in fairness, we have to wait and see what any actual proposal might be and what it might entail. It's also important for us to bear in mind that I think it's safe to say that retail investors have never had a better overall experience, including the quality and timeliness of their execution. It's difficult to comment on all the various items that Chair Gensler spoke on, but maybe I'll just identify the last one to provide some thoughts for everyone, around the idea from an auction. I mean, certainly, an auction idea is interesting. But I do worry a bit about whether it contemplates auctions in all different types of market environments. We know that in the current structure, execution, timeliness and speed is assured no matter what the environment is. And when I just take a step back, say, from the equity markets and just think of auctions in general, whether you're auctioning a home or art or something near and dear to my heart, baseball cards, since I'm a baseball card collector. Auctions tend to work really well when you have a favorable economic environment and a lot of liquidity in a system. And conversely, auctions tend to struggle during a more difficult economic environments or when there's less liquidity. And you start to get wide gaps and spreads between what maybe the seller in the case of an auction was hoping to receive and price what they actually receive. So again, I'm not suggesting that, that illustration says that an auction couldn't be workable. But I just think these are the kind of things that have to be very carefully thought through. The math needs to be done very thoughtfully and evaluated to see whether we're actually creating a better environment for investors overall. And I am confident that, that appropriate process will be followed if, in fact, these rules are formally proposed.
Walt Bettinger: Yes. That's -- it's a good question. So right now, I think the pipeline is as robust as we've ever experienced. But I believe your assumption is not an inaccurate one that when you have a more difficult equity market, that it is probably a little bit more difficult for advisers to move to independents, but it's probably a lag factor, which is why we're not seeing it reflected in our current book of business. I think more what you see in real time is that some investors who invest with advisers may be a bit more hesitant to move money under the management of that adviser during a very difficult market environment. So you probably get more near-term implication from that. And maybe a little bit more of a lag implication from a weaker equity market in terms of advisers moving to independents. But as of right now, our pipeline is as strong and robust as we've experienced. And we feel very optimistic about our ability to assist those advisers moving independents and moving their assets to us.
Walt Bettinger: Thanks, Jeff. I think Rick really did a great job of addressing this in his prepared remarks. But it starts with our long-time strategy Through Clients' Eyes. And we strive to make decisions that put the needs of our clients at the forefront. Basically, the golden rule applied in a business context, and we execute on our strategy by striving for no trade-offs. We've always believed that wonderful service, first-rate advice, quality client solutions. They can be delivered at a world-beating value that no trade-off is required there. Again, it might not be snappy and might not generate a lot of press, but serving others in the way that we would want to be served, it has been and is the right strategy in our view, for long-term growth. And in terms of changes, we're not really seeing any meaningful changes in this trajectory. I mean, obviously, different market environments are going to lead to modestly different client metrics as they always have. But as I spoke about earlier, our clients are long-term investors and they're remaining committed to their investing strategies even during this difficult environment.
Walt Bettinger: So I'll take a first stab at that. Thanks for the question, Craig. The -- our retail business is continuing to perform very, very well with meaningful net new assets from our projection standpoint, actually outperforming some of the projections that we had anticipated. We continue to add, as you've seen significant new -- with over 1 million new brokerage accounts in the quarter. And I think what's very important for the one slide I discussed with more than half of our new-to-firm retail households under the age of 40 is, they're making up more than half of our new-to-firm net new assets. So these are real investors that have real money and they continue to come to Schwab in very significant numbers. So our retail business is very healthy. Our TOA ratios relative to the firms that we compete with for retail investors remain very, very healthy, and we're quite optimistic about that continuing despite the difficult environment.
Walt Bettinger: Well, I think we try to apply the same level of discipline and thoughtfulness to any M&A opportunity that we would in the future as we have in the past. We recognize that there may well be opportunities in the future, just as there have been in the past. We've looked carefully at everything that's been there in the past, and we'll look carefully at anything that may present itself in the future. That said, particularly given our strong profitability and capital creation, we would want to weigh any possible M&A activity against the other alternatives for deploying capital, including buying back stock in a company that we know very, very well. And have tremendous confidence in its ability to continue to grow organically, of course, I'm talking about Schwab. So we'll look at everything carefully, but it will be a meaningful threshold for us to consider deploying capital in a manner other than investing in a business as strong as ours.
