Jeff Edwards: And we’re on. Hi, Everyone, and welcome to Schwab’s 2022 Fall Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Managing Director of Investor Relations, and I’m joined today by our Co-Chairman and CEO, Walt Bettinger; President, Rick Wurster; and CFO, Peter Crawford. We have a [Texas’ size] amount of ground to cover today, so I’m going to do my best to not be the bottleneck here. However, I do want to cover a few items before we jump into prepared remarks. Per standard setup, I’ll help moderate Q&A following management’s presentation. We will be accepting questions via both the phone line and the web console for the usual. One thing that’s important to note is starting with today’s update, we are implementing a 1 question only, no follow-up format. However, we certainly encourage folks to jump back into the queue if additional questions come to mind. And of course, you can always check back in with IR after the session with any questions. As always, today’s slides will be posted to the IR site at the start of Peter’s portion of the programming. And finally, please don’t forget about the enduring wall of words, which reminds us all that the future is uncertain please stay up to date with our disclosures. With that, Walt, take it away.
Jeff Edwards: Kyle, it’s Jeff. Definitely happy to follow up with you kind of after the call on some of those more tactical questions. I definitely would point to the appendix and some of the things we’ve talked about and has good directional proxies on that. But again, we’re happy to take that.
Jeff Edwards: Just remember, just one thing and Peter’s CFO commentary, right, he talked about a percentage that he thought might be appropriate through the remainder of the cycle. So that’s definitely a good aiming point. And we aren’t accepting follow-ups. So I think we are it looks like the queue is now empty. So I’ll turn it over to Walt to take us home.
Walt Bettinger: Ken, thanks for the question. So in terms of win-win monetization opportunities, we believe we have a lot of upside. I mean both wealth management and lending, 2 examples of programs that we’re focused on today. We think there’s enormous upside there. And I shared some of the levers we’re trying to pull on wealth. And in lending, of course, we think we’ll see more of the upside when we get back into a more normalized interest rate environment. But essentially, what we’ve done is we’ve set the table. We’ve created the digital experiences, the product capabilities, and we’ve educated our field to be ready to engage clients in those discussions. And so when the interest rate environment becomes more favorable, we expect there to be benefits there. When we think about personalized indexing, which is another one of the programs we’ve talked about for a while, we expect that to be a 10-year ride of money moving from active strategies and some taxable assets that are in taxable ETFs to move in there. So we think there’s a long runway to all 3 of these programs that we think will provide meaningful upside in the coming years. As it relates to the INTF platform, it is very new. We are seeing assets flow there. And our expectation there, of course, is also strong. I think part of what we’re seeing, or part of the challenge broadly, whether it’s INTF or our relationship with T. Rowe Price is it’s just it’s been a difficult time for active management. And so that’s one that we believe over the long run, again, we’ll pay dividends, but it will, in part, depend on it being an environment where active management is in favor.
Walt Bettinger: Sure. Thanks, Ben, for the question. We -- I was actually just looking at a report on pipeline for new RIAs moving independent, and those numbers remain very robust. They are on par with what we have seen over recent quarters. Actually, if I were to think about a slowdown in RIAs moving into the independent model, I wouldn’t think of it correlated to integration. I would think of it more correlated to the market environment. And that’s what I was interested in when I actually asked this exact question myself a week or so ago to see whether the equity market declined had made it less apt for RIAs to consider moving to independents. And the fact that the pipeline was comparable to what it’s been over recent quarters actually was very encouraging to me. So I guess, in summary, I would say I would not expect the integration to have an impact on breakaways, but I do think you have to watch the equity markets because, over time, it can be more difficult for someone to break away when they’re asking their clients to follow them after a period in which the equity markets have suffered as much as they have of late.
Walt Bettinger: Thanks again, Jeff. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Today is actually a special day, an important milestone. As many of you know, our own Rich Fowler, he of the top-down days, this is his last quarter as Head of Investor Relations. My understanding is he’s going to sprint off into retirement. Those of you who know Rich, know that he was a college level sprinter, which is no surprise to any of us who know Rich, but he’s going to sprint off into retirement. Rich is the only CIRO that we have ever had at Schwab. That’s pretty remarkable. He’s been here through 3 CFOs, over 100 quarterly earnings cycles. But when I think of Rich, the things that stand out are his integrity, clarity, transparency, whether it’s disclosures, interactions with all of you, incredibly special. And as great of a CIRO as he is, he is an even better person. We’re going to miss you, Rich. You’ve done a wonderful job of preparing Jeff and team to step into your shoes. And I just -- and speaking directly to Rich, want him to rest assured that the priorities and values that he’s embodied at Schwab will continue long after he has crossed the next finish line in his sprint. So thanks again, Rich, and thanks to all of you for joining us, and we look forward to speaking with you again in a future business update. Bye-bye.
Peter Crawford: Thank you, Rick -- Rich, for the question. So we have some details in the appendix, which you can certainly reference and I encourage you to follow up with the IR team to -- if you want more explanation on those. But it really comes back to a number of different factors that contribute to that view. It comes back to the fundamentals of our cash strategy. We look at the evidence from what we’ve seen in the empirical experience that we have from the last rising rate cycles. We look at the dynamics we see with the -- what we’re seeing thus far, which are fitting the patterns that we’ve seen in that prior rate cycle. In fact, I was looking at a -- some model output just the other day that suggested that what we’ve seen thus far is entirely consistent with what we saw in the last rising rate cycle when you control for the fact that the rates have moved up much more quickly than they did that last cycle. So we’re really not seeing anything that is shaking our view that this is proceeding exactly how we would anticipate.
Peter Crawford: So it comes back to our view on when the we’ve seen over time that these client cash allocation decisions at level of transactional cash reaches a certain floor, and as it starts to approach that floor, it starts to taper up -- the allocation start to taper off and then it’s offset by cash that comes in through new accounts. And so we view -- our view is that, that’s going to trough at some point in 2023. And then as new cash comes in, we’ll be able to reduce the use of the FHLB and any retail CD offers that we have or any other forms of funding that we access.
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks for the question. So I think I said last time in the business update that our AOCI was not at all a factor in our capital planning decisions and that remains the case. We’re -- I would say that the idea of negative TCE or something like that is not at all a major source of concern. We actually are now in the process of transferring additional securities from available for sale to held to maturity. And as we do that, it would take an instantaneous several hundred basis point increase in rates for our tangible common equity to go negative, which certainly this seems like a very remote possibility. And given the fact that the duration on that available-for-sale portfolio is under 3.5 that amortizes down relatively quickly. So, over time, it would take even a larger increase in interest rates for TCE to go negative. And while you’re right that negative TCE means that prevents us from initiating new borrowings from the FHLB without Fed approval, it doesn’t affect existing borrowings. It also doesn’t affect any of the other forms of funding that I talked about, the CDs or some of the other forms of funding. So we really don’t think that this is a meaningful issue or a meaningful concern.
Peter Crawford: Sorry, and on the buybacks, I think no change in our thinking on the buybacks. We still -- as you point out, if AOCI is not part of our regulatory capital. That is what we manage to. And we continue to -- as we’ve seen in Q3, continue to pursue the opportunistic return of capital to our stockholders.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So this may be one where we want to take this offline and have a conversation with the IR team around going through those costs, Devin. But the FHLB borrowing was a bit to cover some of what we’ve seen thus far in October and also a bit to get ahead of it. We always want to be ahead of the game around from a liquidity standpoint. And then in terms of the cost and all that, we can get into that in more detail offline with the IR team.
Peter Crawford: It’s an interesting question. So I’d say a couple of things. We -- the way we think about managing the duration on the asset side of the equation is really very much an outcome of what we view as the liability duration. And in different rate environments, of course, that liability duration changes. So in a higher rate environment, liability duration shrinks. And so on the margin, you tend to shrink your asset duration and reverse is obviously true. We do -- we have recently resumed the capability to have derivatives. We’re not thinking about that in the context necessarily of hedging sort of downside risk, but we see that as -- sometimes, in some cases, a more efficient way to manage our overall asset duration. I would say that -- so I don’t think -- I wouldn’t anticipate a dramatic change in our philosophy of than what we have done previously. And there’s certainly no assumption in that chart that you saw there that we shared any assumption there that we manage our investing philosophy differently than what in the past.
Peter Crawford: Thank you. Thanks, Bill. So if I tell you everything about expenses, now you won’t come to the winter business update in February. So I want to make sure -- I want to know, in all seriousness, we’re still working through our expense planning for 2023 and certainly 2024. I would say maybe a couple of things. First, maybe to take a step back, I mean, our #1 priority from an expense standpoint is always to support our clients. And this is a time period where our clients certainly need us. Beyond that, our priorities are really around driving down expense on client assets and through the cycle, not every year, but through the cycle, delivering operating leverage, which is a key part of our financial formula. And then, of course, making appropriate investments in the long-term profitable growth of our business. It’s certainly a -- it’s a delicate balance to manage all 3, but I think you’ve seen us do that in the past. When times are -- when we’re facing more headwinds and tailwinds, we tend to pull back on that third one, and when we got the wind at our backs, we tend to lean a little bit more into some of those longer-term investments. In terms of the -- as you think about 2024, Walt talked about this, but maybe just to reiterate it on the expense there is really no changes in our thinking around expense -- or expectations around expense synergies. Certainly the magnitude of those synergies, we continue to be very committed to and confident in our ability to deliver on those. We’d expect, by the end of this year, we’ll probably have achieved, on a run rate basis, roughly 60%, 65% of those expense synergies. And then with the integration time line that Walt talked about, we would expect to deliver the vast majority of those remaining synergies by the end of 2024.
Peter Crawford: So from a reinvestment rate standpoint, we are focused on cash right now and maintaining cash. There’s not much reinvestment going on. On duration, you’re absolutely right. Actually, despite the significant increase in rates across the curve in the last quarter, our duration on our investment portfolio actually shrank by a 10th, so we went from roughly [4.1] to a little under [4]. And that reflects the types of securities that we have purchased that we really very much target securities that don’t have that degree of extension risks. So we feel really good about that. If you look at actually, there’s a chart in the appendix, I encourage you to take a look at, that looks at the duration profile of our portfolio over time versus what you see in the some of the benchmarks. So we feel very, very good about the lack of duration extension risk in the portfolio.
Peter Crawford: Sure. So I mean the important point is we definitely view this as very much a temporary funding source as it has been in the past. We’ve used FHLB previously as a temporary funding source, and we absolutely view it the same way today. I mentioned earlier that we would expect it to be no higher than a mid-single-digit percent of our overall interest-earning assets, and that -- to be clear, that is the combination of FHLB as well as these other funding sources like CD issuance and so forth. And given our expectations that the client cash balances on the balance sheet trough at some point in 2023, that would be the period where we’d be at the peak level. And then as we get to the cash balances grow that, that replaces the higher cost, but -- temporary higher cost, but temporary FHLB, CDs, et cetera, which, again, is helpful from a -- clearly, from a NIM standpoint as we start to pay those balances off and replace them with the client cash balances.
