Jeff Edwards: All right. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the 2023 Schwab Winter Business Update. I'm Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations. For our long-time listeners that were expecting to see Mr. Fowler, I can confidently say that I did reach him on his bat phone this morning, somewhere in his bunker in Northern California. It is a top-down day now that we've finally gotten through that atmospheric river. We have a very exciting day for you today to talk about the Schwab story. We have, hopefully, to many of you are very familiar have interacted with over time in person, but maybe over the last couple of years here, we've been a part maybe you've only seen virtually. So we're looking forward to it. The agenda is very similar to years past. Walt will kick us off and as well followed by Mr. Rick Wurster, our President; Joe Martinetto, aka Professor Martinetto, will follow and talk a little bit about the Ameritrade conversion and some of the updates on technology. We'll then do a double-click into the business with Jonathan, Stacy and Bernie join us to talk a little bit about wealth and advice. And then finally, Mr. Peter Crawford, CFO, will finish the day and beyond. Now that we're back in person, it's important to kind of revisit our Q&A etiquette. We will still be taking questions over the web console for those of you that are joining us virtually today. For those here in the room, we will be doing our mic runners. Grayson down here you see coming down the aisle, so please raise your hands, we'd ask that you wait for them to bring you a mic before asking your question. Similar to the recent updates, we'll be doing the one question, no follow-up. However, we will be coming back around so that there is ample opportunity for everybody to ask hopefully multiple questions to make sure you get all those questions answered. For everybody, virtually, please go to the web console. Ms. Lauren Gaspar will be helping me collect those. So let's be nice as we send those across. And if anything comes up, please hesitate to reach out to the IR team with any questions or concerns. Finally, everyone's favorite slide of the day, the wall of words. It simply reminds us that our disclosures can change and evolve over time, so please stay in touch. With that, I would like to transition to our Co-Chairman and CEO, Mr. Walt Bettinger.
Jeff Edwards: Last question here from the web. In terms of -- as you think about growth, how do things like additional inorganic or M&A and/or international play into the future of the firm over time? And this is a question from Bill Katz at Credit Suisse.
Jeff Edwards: Sorry, [Stephen]. So we do have a short kind of working lunch break. The food will be right out the door that you guys came in this morning. You can grab your lunch, stretch your legs. If anybody wants to stick around for Peter, he will be here presenting some materials and trying to take a few questions. So -- but no pressure. So yes, just follow this way, pick up, your name should be on the lunch, but feel free to reach out to any questions. And we'll see you guys back in about 10, 15 minutes. [Break]
Richard Wurster: I would say, first, it's going to take time. This isn't going to happen overnight. We already have a very strong wealth business that is growing. You'll hear from Neesha later the investments that we're making for the long term. So we see it as a long-term opportunity there. On the lending side, we've done a lot to enhance our capabilities in the past few years. As the lending -- it's going to take those capabilities, which we think are ready for growth, but also probably a different lending environment. And when the confluence of those two things happen, I think you'll see an acceleration in our client lending activity.
Richard Wurster: Yes. Well, that's the opportunity for us, and we've introduced the ability for our relationship people. So Schwab Wealth Advisory for the first time is now able to talk to clients about their -- the lending side of their balance sheet. And it's a focus of the branch network, which Jonathan will talk about. So there's -- we have every reason to believe that we can engage more with clients on the lending side. It hasn't been an area of huge focus in the past for a whole lot of good reasons, but there is an opportunity there in the future. And the reaction to what we've done so far has been quite strong. And when you see client engagement with our lower -- with our interest rate program, which has really lowered the cost of lending for our clients to keep balances with us -- it's been very positive thing with clients. And you see it in our Client Promoter Scores that have both the asset and liability side with us, you see it in the retention numbers. It's stickier relationships.
Richard Wurster: I'm going to take that. Yes, so alternatives is an area that we have capabilities in today, and clients are utilizing those capabilities, particularly on the advisory advisor side, and Bernie can talk about that more later. On the retail side, it's an area where we are seeing increased interest, and it's an area where we're building out our capabilities as we've talked about in the past. And that will take some time. And the reason it will take some time is that it's a legally complex area to be able to offer alternatives to clients in a way that's safe and sound for them and brings our fiduciary responsibility to bear on the client. So I would say, we're in the middle of building out our alternatives capability. And in the next couple of years, retail clients can expect to have that capability. And I would put it as part of our -- what we're trying to deliver to higher net worth -- ultra-high-net-worth clients that we have been building out our product-specific capabilities for them. We've done it on the liquidity side. We've done it on the lending side, and we're going to do it on the alternative side. But it will take some time because it is a complex area. We want to make sure we do it right in a way that works for the clients.
Richard Wurster: Yes. Joe, well, come up. Joe is going to talk about the Ameritrade integration and scale. So it should be good discussion and timely.
Walter Bettinger: Yes. So certainly, I think in the retail side and the advisor side, we have a very, very powerful scale. We would probably be 1 or 2 on the retail side if you incorporate non-public companies. And of course, 1, if you look at public and from a purpose-built platform for RIA custodian, I think we would likely be considered a very strong #1. We have more opportunity in the workplace environment where we have a very strong approach in 401(k) with both a bundled and an unbundled approach and then in the equity comp side, but there's probably more opportunity there to expand scale. Those are often more corporate- or company-driven decisions as opposed to the investor side and the advisor side. I think technology is definitely going to play a role. But to me, if what you're really getting at, Michael, is the idea that someone could leverage technology to make a leap above others in scale, I don't envision that because we're all investing in technology to drive all of our costs down. So as we would evaluate our scale position, technology is going to help those who are less subscale to us, but it's also going to help us and is helping us. And so the relative efficiency of businesses is likely, I think, to continue to be there as we all make meaningful technology and digital investments. The other thing that I think is important in that is that our business model, although it has a significant part that relies on relationship, also has a very significant part that is less relationship-oriented. And so if we're competing against firms that have the majority of their revenue driven off interpersonal relationships, there's only so much scale that can be driven from that because of the compensation for those individuals. Good question. Good long-term perspective thinking. Thanks, Michael.
Walter Bettinger: Yes. I mean I think in the short run, you have more variables because we've had such a tremendous swing in interest rates, right, from a ZIRP world to the most rapid increases in rates that we've ever experienced. We went from an incredibly strong equity market in 2021 to 2022. But that's all short term. I think when we flip it around and look at the long-term perspective, I really don't think things have changed that much. Investors still need to plan for their future. They're still saving for retirement. They're still saving to put children through college, providing for other family members. All those factors remain the same. And I think what is important over the three years since we've been together in person is, the strength of our franchise has only grown as we've made investments, as we've leveraged our capabilities, as we are bringing together Schwab and Ameritrade, our offering to clients and prospective clients has never been stronger. So sure, short term, from a financial standpoint, there's more volatility. But from a long-term standpoint, clients are going to returning to Schwab for their needs, I think we're better positioned than ever to deal with them. And I think even long term, financially, we're in a better position, again, illustrated in 2021 and 2022. So 2021, the trading aspect of Ameritrade really helped lift our revenue and helped us, in a ZIRP world, deliver record results. And then it turned in 2022 where trading was a bit softer than in 2021, but as rates start to move up, the Schwab part of the economic model really kicked in and helped us deliver record results. So again, I agree, Rich, short term, we see volatility. Long term, we really like our positioning. And we think the combined Schwab-Ameritrade also delivers a lot of benefits financially for our stockholders.
Walter Bettinger: One real quick thing on the lending side, I completely agree with what Rick said. I want to go back to being a low-cost provider. So in virtually every type of market environment may be other than one where you have ultra-high interest rates, our cost of deposits is less than almost everyone. And so when you combine a most efficient operating model with the lowest cost of deposits, puts us in a position to be able to offer very disruptive lending rates to our clients in what is, for many ways, a commodity-oriented product, borrowing. And so we're in a position, I think, over time to be quite disruptive with the lending rates we can offer clients and yet still generate for us incremental revenue on a spread to securities basis. So we have a pricing opportunity there that I think you'll see us taking advantage of given our low cost of deposits and our low operating model.
Walter Bettinger: Well, I would say our plan for doing that starts with building a relationship with them. And our -- the work we've done with our financial consultants and what we've brought to our clients in terms of advice, I think, is going to be the model for what we do with our Ameritrade clients. The Ameritrade relationship model has been a bit more service-oriented and a bit more trading-oriented because that's what clients came to Ameritrade for, and that's what made sense. And the journey we've been over the last 10 to 15 years, again, 15 years ago, there might have been some of that in the branches as well at Schwab. And we've turned the relationship much more into a wealth management relationship, where we're helping the client with all aspects of their financial life. And so as we do that and as we follow that playbook with our Ameritrade clients, we think will unearth all kinds of opportunities. There are full-service wealth business that may be elsewhere, they're 401(k) that may be elsewhere. But it starts from, to the client, how can we help you achieve your financial dreams? Let's look at your picture today, let's look at where you need to get to, and let's talk about the breadth of capabilities that we now have collectively at Schwab and Ameritrade that can help you get there.
Walter Bettinger: So I would take exception to the concept that someone else is growing faster. Are you measuring percent? Are you measuring real dollars? I just -- I don't look at anyone who's generating the type of growth that we're generating in real dollars in the -- in our industry. So I'm not quite sure I buy into that notion. I guess if somebody has a $1 and they add $1, it looks like 100% growth. If someone has $1,000 and they add $250, it's only 25%, but I'd sure rather be the second person. So I'm not sure I buy into that. And when I look at the TOA ratios, it's just -- again, the theory behind that doesn't hold any water because we know where we are on a TOA basis against all the firms that we compete with. And those numbers range from probably a worst-case scenario of around 1. So it's just a swapping. The best-case scenario is that can be measured into double digits. And some of the firms that talk about growth rates, particularly measured in percent, are some of the firms that we're taking assets at a double-digit to 1 type TOA ratio. So we -- when it comes to competition, I just want to emphasize, we respect everyone. We are paranoid, and we spend a lot of time studying competition and their moves and their opportunities and advantages they might have in their model relative advantages we might have. But when it comes to organic growth, we don't think anyone within our two primary areas, retail investor and RIA, is growing at rates comparable to us. That's just our take on it, Christian.
Walter Bettinger: Sure. Thanks, Bill, for asking the question out there in cyber land. But -- so we look at a lot of opportunities. As you can imagine, we receive a lot of inquiries with interest in -- from firms that are looking to sell or divest parts of their business. We look at everything. We look at it all carefully and closely. Our view there hasn't changed from my response to that question in years past. It's got to make sense for clients. That's the first step, the first hurdle that it has to address. Is this going to put us in a better position to serve client? If it does, then we'll go into the next steps and look at whether it makes economic sense for our stockholders, what the ROI is, what the risk is associated with doing that transaction, risk to our brand but also risk to our ability to deliver the results. Because when we undertake an acquisition, we're very committed to recognizing that it is your money or your clients' money that we're putting into that deal. So that we just have a very thorough evaluation on any kind of acquisition. International is a meaningful opportunity for us. I think Jonathan will be in a good position to share some of our thoughts there. Our dollar-based international business is growing quite rapidly. And so there is some meaningful opportunity there. To date, we have not been aggressive around multicurrency. But the dollar-only part of that business has significant opportunity that Jonathan can share in his segment.
Walter Bettinger: I think we're at the end of our Q&A time. So again, I just want to thank all of you for being here today in person, thank all of you who are participating remotely. It is wonderful to be together. I can't wait to do it again. I'm very confident it won't be three years. And Rick, thank you for giving me the chance to share the stage with Q&A. I'll step off, and I think you'll introduce Joe.
Walter Bettinger: Win and we lose through our advisors. Advisors are adept at getting involved with families way downstream. And so they're keeping the assets. But what they need to do is they need to be building models within their slightly different way than they might have served the parents assets, right? I think virtual, I think this is one of the silver lines of COVID, I think we've learned a lot through all of that. I think they have an opportunity to create different portfolios for this group. Asset accumulation versus de-accumulation, if you will, is something that they're all starting to focus an awful lot more on. And I think M&A is going to play a little bit of a role in here too, in creating some more of those centralized services. Some firms are using junior partners and assigning them to the books of these smaller clients as well.
Walter Bettinger: Well, advisors are continuing to load and something we should be talking about is their movement into alternatives, which has been quite prolific recently, using things like iCapital so important case management, just 2 examples of third-party platforms we have in that open architecture environment I mentioned. Clients don't want to pay transactions, and yet there's pressure on economics across the board. And so I think no loads are coming into the SEC has entered into it. They're class, best-in-class share is something that they're looking deeply into. And so I think you're seeing advisors now really revisit that, along with the fact that they're coming to realize that the idea is rep as the portfolio manager is something they need to move away from. That's going to be gradual, and it's going to take some time. But I think we're going to see more of that migration. And I think there's space there for us and other third parties and overlay-type management. I didn't mention iRebal and thinkpipes when I was going through some of those best of both worlds. But I think our model marketplace is going to play a very big role in the future as well. Our combined TD and Schwab...
Unidentified Analyst: Clearly, attractive TAMs, lots of growth runway. I think one of the questions that comes to mind is how you're going to tackle some of the hurdles if we think about direct indexing, for example, delivering that -- those tax efficiencies at a lower asset threshold? Ameritrade clients more active on the trader side may not be as receptive to a wealth product. And lastly, as the Schwab, you think of self-direct RIA maybe not as lending platform. So I was hoping you could address some of the hurdles to delivering on some of those growth plans.
Unidentified Analyst: I think it's more that Schwab clients don't necessarily view you guys as a lender. In terms of like top of mind, what are the products that you offer? Certainly lending is not where it -- at least, what first comes to mind.
Unidentified Analyst: Joe, you're sort of the special team's guy here now. But I guess the first question is on the attrition, so -- or potential attrition, maybe it's zero. But what do you feel -- like the scorecard here for the integration, what do you feel is sort of the bar? And how will it be measured? Like will we see the account numbers? Will that be real time and -- or monthly as well? So that's the first part of it. And then the second part, in past integrations, it was just moving accounts to a platform. Now this is more sophisticated. And from what I understand, you're trying to do a lot more as you move the wealthier clients, like the documentation of power attorneys and so forth. So I guess the question is, how do you accomplish -- you didn't really talk about that. So how complicated is the migrations? And when are those coming, where you really got to do more than just moving DLJ direct onto accounts or..
Unidentified Analyst: Just a 2-parter, Bernie, on the competitive landscape. Are you seeing any evidence that RIA consolidate becoming less aggressive given higher rates and growing interest burden. And you didn't really touch on what you're seeing from your larger RIA peers. Pershing is announcing this big launch with Pershing X. I was hoping you can give some perspective since it does appear that they're making some pretty meaningful investments to help accelerate growth within the RIA channel.
Unidentified Analyst: You talked about the gap between those who pay for advice, and those who are willing to pay for advice. Can you elaborate more on why that gap exist, and what is it specifically that you'll do, and kind of timeframe you expect to kind of close that gap over time.
Unidentified Analyst: So Brennan actually asked the question. It seems like that was due or at least some certainly deserved. But does the IA guidance assume in the incremental BDA sweeps as well, Peter, as we think about the 8% to 12% decline that's being contemplated.
Benjamin Budish: Ben Budish from Barclays. I wanted to follow up on what you were sort of talking about -- with Ameritrade and earlier in the presentation, you mentioned an opportunity to kind of gain wallet share. I was wondering if you could drill down in that a little bit more. Are there certain -- you mentioned a lot of Ameritrade clients might use Ameritrade for trading but have a separate wealth management or advisory relationship. Is it simply a matter of sort of getting the advisory piece as well or are there other types of assets that you could bring over, things like 401(k)s or IRAs, just other kind of products said you could kind of point and click, move over? If you could just kind of drill down on that a little bit.
Benjamin Budish: Ben Budish from Barclays. You talked a little bit about generational wealth transfer. I was wondering if you could talk about maybe like attrition and also win rates when those sort of transfers are happening? I think it's kind of stood that that's sort of an opportunity time for maybe you're the next generation to make a change. To what extent you guys winning there versus seeing people potentially...
Benjamin Budish: On the institutional space, you are an institution as well. It's been around for a while. But I guess one thing is on the -- this no load. I think we don't need to know the economics probably Peter will cover that. But in this last we see a jump up. It looked like the -- so could you just give us the strategic sort of the color behind that, and I'm sure we can ask Peter more the financial -- hardcore financial.
Joseph Martinetto: Sure. So I think we got to be a little careful here. So cloud doesn't come for free. There is investment that has to be made to be able to do the migration to the cloud. And we are not talking about moving everything that we do in terms of technology workloads on to the cloud. So that is not the goal. We are looking to take the things that make the most sense to run on the cloud and move them there. But we expect that we're going to be running on-site data centers for the foreseeable future. There's a certain amount of workload that's going to make sense for us to continue to manage on our own. So it's definitely an opportunity to use to continue to bend that cost curve. I think some of the bigger savings will actually come more on the physical side of data centers and data center infrastructure. Because of what we've done with the integration, we're running quite a number of data centers now, including some are owned and some are leased. But we've had to take on additional space just to be able to house all the hardware, get enough power and enough cooling to run everything that we see coming out of post-integration. And so rationalizing some of that workload will allow us to rationalize some of that footprint and continue to bend that cost curve. What I think probably important to think about is, like I talked about some of the integration work as being a single body of work. I think some of this optimization work is also going to be taken in the same kind of frame. On any given system, it may feel like a step-function change. But for a company as big as ours and given everything we spend in technology, it's probably not going to feel like a step-function reduction, it's going to feel more like a portfolio of work that's going to allow us to continue to drive some incremental scale consistently over time. So I think bending the cost curve is probably the right way to think about it. It will allow us to slow that pace of growth as we absorb new volumes and continue to drive efficiency into the processing that we're doing. Peter is going to have more to say about what the long-term prospects are for expenses as we look out a number of years. And so I think it's all kind of baked into his numbers. And so I'll defer the more specific answer to his presentation, if that's okay.
Joseph Martinetto: Yes. So starting with attrition. The business case embedded a pretty modest 2% kind of number. So we are not expecting a material amount of attrition. We're going to measure it as best we can through the process. The risk probably comes at the time of conversion that as those clients get those notifications, that is probably the point where if we're going to see attrition, it's probably going to be as we're moving those specific books of business. We're doing everything possible to make sure that we're communicating with those clients, following up with those clients, giving them a great experience, trying to make it easy. Right now, I would say we are way ahead of the game in terms of client acquisition versus any attrition numbers that we embedded in the model, but we are probably going into the window where if we're going to see attrition present. As they are business folks, maybe you want to ask them is if they get up on stage to talk about what they're doing and how they're seeing it. But for right now, I think we're feeling pretty good about the attrition number based on the feedback we've been getting. From the process side, I'd say this is maybe a little bit different of an acquisition than something, I'll drop here, a little more like the USAA, where -- that was we bought a book of business. It happened over a weekend. We couldn't do anything with those clients prior. We converted their accounts, their assets. We opened for business. We had them set up their credentials on day one. That was a rockier kind of experience because of the nature of that transaction and the limitations on our ability to work with those clients in advance. Here, we own both broker-dealers. So we can essentially subsume those accounts. We already have the clients. We have the client account agreements in place. We can transfer those across the organization without having to novate new paper, right? They're not going to be new account forms. There's not going to be new sign-ups. There's not going to be -- it's not paper-based, right? We essentially have taken care of all of that in the process of reviewing the account agreements already. We've been doing a number of things in the background to try to pull work forward to make this easier on us and easier on the clients. We have actually gone through a process now where we have created every TD Ameritrade account and formed all of the households. So we are now running all of that infrastructure on the Schwab Blue platform. So all of that is set up and ready to go. The accounts are ready to receive the assets over the course of the transition weekend. And the clients, as I said earlier, are going to get that notification window and the opportunity to start to interact with that process much earlier and, we hope, much more seamlessly. We do know that there would be some clients that won't do that in advance and will, therefore, need to either go through that process after conversion or will call us and say, "Gee, I tried to log on and I can't get on. What do I have to do?" And we'll have to help them get their credentials established. And we have, as we said, trained 11,000 Schwab employees. We have brought on a substantial block of third-party resources to help us deal with that. We have done everything that we can foresee. Again, I can't say it's going to be completely seamless, but it should be as well engineered as we can possibly make it. We have cleaned up over 3 million client records just trying to make sure that when people come across, their accounts won't be restricted because we'll have to put a know-your-client block on it because we don't have all the information. We've gone through, we've contacted the clients, we've got the information, we've cleaned that stuff up. We are down to really small numbers, measured in like thousands of accounts that we think right now we still might have some kind of lock on. But when you think about 18 million to 20 million accounts moving and maybe something less than 10,000 accounts to where we're still working to refine client data, and we still have the majority of the year to work on some of that. Like I said, we have done everything possible to try to make sure this goes as smoothly as it possibly can.
Joseph Martinetto: Yes. So I mean you saw one of the primary cloud initiatives was to move our databases over onto cloud database. Some of that was to be able to take advantage of some of the advanced analytic capabilities that are available in those environments that are hard to stand up independently. So I think we've been doing the work to prepare ourselves to take advantage of those more advanced analytics. I'm a fan of AI, but I don't know that it's necessarily necessary. There's a lot of other advanced analytics that you can drive before you even get to AI that will let you be able to deliver superior client experiences. We've got some instances where we're already doing some of that work. We've got capabilities that we've built over the years like Next Best Conversation, so our service professionals based on the cues that they're seeing, get a series of prompts that are delivered to them to try to make sure that they're navigating through the right things that the clients might have an interest in. We have things like the Schwab intelligent assistance, an online chat bot that's being driven by a lot of those same kind of capabilities. So we've been building up some of those core capabilities. I think we'll be able to accelerate into some of that where we see the opportunity. Some of it may be AI, some of it may be more just kind of boring advanced analytics that we all kind of know how to deploy. But really, the primary unlock here is to get that database established in the cloud where we can start to use some of those more advanced analytics.
Joseph Martinetto: I'd say nothing beyond what we had already anticipated as part of the transaction. So we have been working to -- so margin rates were different. We have been working to kind of normalize the margin rates as we've gone through this process of rate increases. So that gap has decreased somewhat, but there's still a little bit that's going to have to get recognized as the clients move over because the Blue schedule is below the Green schedule. Some of that's intentional so that when clients come over, they will see that they get a price improvement. So we've done some of this to be able to deliver an enhanced experience to the client at the time that they've moved. But we've, in some respects, tried to minimize the impact that's going to flow through financially. Although some of that is still going to get recognized over the course of 2023 as we bring the clients in, it was anticipated, but this is the year it hits.
Joseph Martinetto: So I think we're out of time here. It's my job to let you know that we're going on a break. We've got 15 minutes. So let's take the break and come on back for the rest of the day. Thank you all. Good to see everybody. [Break]
Jonathan Craig: Yes. That's a great question. I think you framed it well. I do think our clients -- any one of us as a consumer, our experiences, our expectations are often set by our best experience. Our last great experience that we had often frames our expectations for every future experience. And I think we in the financial services industry take that to heart, certainly, we at Schwab and recognize that there's opportunity to continue to get easier to do business with, which is why I focused on it so much. I think what's unique about the financial services space is the depth and breadth of what we offer in the serious of what we offer, the regulatory environment around it. So sometimes, some of our best thinkers will come and say, why can't we be like company XYZ and often that company might just rideshare copy. They might just do one thing, the same thing for all folks in a different regulatory world. So my response to that is we need to be as close to that seamless easy experience as possible, but we also need to recognize that we're doing something very different in a much broader way and a much more regulated way. So I would say it's a very high priority for us. It's a high priority for Rick. I know the entire retail leadership team. I think since we're making in digital that we deliver and we'll deliver a great experience, but it's an endless opportunity to do more for sure.
Jonathan Craig: On bank lending, I'd say. So lending is a significant opportunity, significant priority. Growth has been good in both. Historically, mortgage has been a little bigger than PAL. Obviously, in a different market, I think we see a lot of opportunity in PAL over the next couple of years in mortgage as well. But again, that depends a bit on the interest rate environment. Our financial consultants are fully licensed compensated to talk about lending. Our clients are open to it without question. We market our lending capability. I would say we're all in as it relates to helping our investing clients with the liability side of their balance sheet as much as we can.
Jonathan Craig: Okay. So the lending -- the ability to offer lending is very new. The wealth -- the brokerage part of the wealth management part has been throughout, well, 6 months now, at least. So both are very new. They do have access to the full suite of capabilities at Schwab. So the short answer is they have access to the full suite now. Having said that, it takes a while to understand the breadth of what we offer on the wealth management side. It takes a while to understand the banking as Rick mentioned, some of the processes right now since they're still green financial consultants. They're still supporting the TDA client in a TDA environment. It's not quite as seamless when they get over to Schwab. So the short answer is they have full access to everything now to talk to their clients about their Schwab employee, their clients or Schwab clients, it's going to be even easier. Eventually, when they're in a Schwab branch...
Jonathan Craig: Yes. Let me share a couple of thoughts from where I said I'm not the expert, but I think I probably represent the broader view generally. I think first and foremost, that Schwab, our focus is and has always been about the individual investor and what's best for the individual investor. And as we look at these market structure proposals, we are looking at them, of course, through that lens. It's early. We have provided some commentary and published a white paper. We have more to digest and we'll share more as the process unfolds. But I think the key thing for us is any change that happens, especially significant change in market structure has to benefit or at least in our mind, should benefit unambiguously the individual investor. If it does, it would make a lot of sense, we would support it. If it doesn't, obviously, we would have a different opinion. From what we've seen so far, I think we have some questions as to whether it really would benefit the individual investor especially relative to how we route orders today, which we have a lot of pride in around best execution. So I guess we'll have more to say as this unfolds. But for us, the lens is what's great for the individual investors, we'll thrive. Our revenue tied to all these proposals is a very small fraction.
Jonathan Craig: I think we're -- I would agree, we will go to where the clients are and at the same time, often investing involves a multifaceted conversation tools, relationships in a lot of cases, that eventually leads to coming in a branch or a full show.com experience, but we'll go out to them where they are, and that's all tied to ease. 
Michael Cyprys: Because the message has been very clear, and you've had good results, but the $100 million that was cut, and I was just looking at the advertising expense, and you can see it down. So where did that -- where was that cut? And I think I have an idea, but just where was it cut in? What do you see? Were there any impacts? And just a follow-up, Jonathan, on the -- and being disruptive. Where are we? Are we fully -- are we at 8 out of the 10 and being aggressive there? Are we still near 3 or 4, and that's still to come.
Michael Cyprys: Number one is we've over a couple of different sections. We've gotten a few questions just about maybe initial reactions from yourself and the broader leadership team around the market structure proposal. So maybe if you had any quick commentary on that.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Mike Cyprys, Morgan Stanley. Just wanted to follow up on your point around sorting will abate likely in '23. I guess if we look at labor market remains very tight, some questions out there that the Fed may have to hike even more than what anyone expects today. So if that plays out -- if that other scenario plays out, and we're sitting here a year from now when rates are sorting abating in '23, it impact that down 8 to 12 on IAs.
Bernard Clark: Rich has highlighted, I've been around a while. Yes. No, I am shocked by the interest that continues at very, very high multiples. I'm not sure that advisors they're a bit of an all twisted punch. I'm not sure the multiples are what they're moving them, and there are multiple bidders. So that continues. And I do think that firms are going to have to, in some way, change to that or find opportunity. And we're helping some of those consolidators to find opportunities and how they can build those businesses after to create some better economic if that's what they're after. But I do think the centralization of capabilities is what's going to be important in the future. But I don't see the flow going away.
Bernard Clark: I almost hate answering that question because it always sounds like I'm a homer. But at the end of the day, Pershing X, it feels to me -- so I'll give you Bernie's opinions, right? It feels to me which is dangerous and I'm about to get run off the stage with and Fidelity, it feels like they're trying to go back to their DNA of being a fun company, everything is distribution. So that's how I look at our 2 competitors. Still fierce, still with great capability. I could probably tell you more about Pershing than I can about Fidelity because they hide behind that cloak of secrecy of not being public. But I will tell you that when it comes to we will not be outdone, when it comes down to longevity in the marketplace, we will not be outdone. And I think we may find ourselves doing business with Pershing X, and that's just fine. We can do that until we have a capability that's superior.
Bernard Clark: Well, the growth is still coming from outside of the space. So it's not an internal competitive space, right? We have about 1/3 of our clients that we call hybrids. I think the hybrid assets are excluded from that number, but it's reasonably de minimis. When someone comes to us, typically, what they're trying to do is grow themselves out of that revenue stream, and they're quite successful at doing. I just sat with a very large consolidator, I had this conversation the other day from the Midwest. And they're looking at the opportunities of how fast they can remove themselves because they can't be a truly fiduciary as long as they're hanging on to that commission space, right? And they have to keep the licensing and there's all sorts of stuff that comes along with that. So I think that's a de minimis amount. I think the amount of assets that make the most sense are probably the $8 billion to $10 trillion that sits in the wires. And we see a lot of advisors who are in the independent broker-dealer space who are finding themselves to what looks more like an 80:20. Indirectly, I would tell you some of these models that they're trying to hold assets on to in the IBDs are actually helping us because they're forcing advisors to the fee space. And then it's just a small across the street to us or independents in general -- I shouldn't say us, but the independents in general, it's once they get the fee. And if they have a little residual commission business, it can always be handled through -- there's a preponderance of independent broker dealers that can do that. 
Bernard Clark: So now I get the pleasure of introducing my friend and colleague who I sit before too. If I forget to introduce you, please just come up, Neesha Hathi. Neesha Hathi, many of you remember, had a cup of coffee with advisory services for a decade. So she's been a key part of ours. She runs wealth and advice solutions now, and she looks after everything in the firm having to do with that and certainly it's going to be a big aid to advisors as well on a going-forward basis.
Peter Crawford: Sure. So tried to lay out a increase from '22 to '23. I mean the biggest single one was the integration-related spending. Now that's not a -- just to be clear, that's the surge staffing to handle those call volumes, a large portion of that will reverse and will go down in 2024. So that will be a helpful offset to our other expense growth. And then the software and hardware depreciation and amortization, that's -- a lot of that's on hardware that we put into place in '22. And so we're already having the full year impact of that. So I wouldn’t expect another step up in that expense as we go into 2024. 2024 and '25 are also the years where we harness the expense synergies. And so that's going to be very, very helpful. Remember, we said that the vast majority of remaining expense synergies would not necessarily be harnessed until we get through the client conversions. With that last client conversion in 2024, that's the year we really unlock that remaining roughly 1/3 of the expense synergies. So that's also a driver of that 45% expense growth. Rich, it's always -- we always a balance when we think about our expenses. And we want to drive down that EOCA, I believe, the most important thing is to make sure we're there for our clients. We will always make that trade-off to make sure where they're there for our clients because we know as important as it is to manage expenses, staying true to our clients, doing right by our clients, that is even more important. And so we want to be thoughtful around how we manage expenses, drive that expense on client assets down over time. And we think this is a plan to get -- to continue to do that.
Peter Crawford: Well, it's really a function of, as I mentioned, I mean, there's not any unusual assumptions in there around sort of outsized margin balance growth it assumes continued growth and margin balances consistent with the growth in the market and continued growth in our lending solutions that we talked about -- but it really is the -- a more significant driver of that is the repricing, resetting the yields on the fixed investment portfolio at those prevailing higher prices. And where the market is at 3.75% or 4%, that pickup is still very significant as we continue to reinvest those maturing proceeds. That’s the real advantage of -- that we have of having that sort of unlocked earnings power stored up that we'll be able to unleash as we reinvest that fixed investment portfolio.
Peter Crawford: So the interest earning asset assumption down 8% to 12% over the course of the year assumes that we've reduced those interest-earning assets significantly by the end of 2023. In terms of your second question around the mid-single digits, I guess it depends on how you define mid-single digit, I mean it might be mid, might be up or mid, somewhere in that range, whether it's -- but the most important point is it's a temporary funding source that we expect will be paid off as we see a resumption in sort of core deposit growth.
Peter Crawford: Yes. Great question. Yes. I mean I'm very grateful that we launched the bank when we did to continue to grow revenue as we've grown assets -- continue to be successful as we've grown assets. It's a more efficient way to monetize our clients' uninvested cash balances. And that's what's allowed us thrive I missed an environment where equity commissions were going to where we saw a movement of client assets out of Mutual Fund 1 source into ETFs and index funds. And I think what's interesting about the bank, though, is while it started out a little bit more as a way to monetize our clients on invested cash. Its role has evolved. It's now a really important strategic capability for us. Because as Jonathan and Bernie and Neesha, Rick, Walt all talked about, we are competing against big banks and warehouses. And this lending, our ability to offer lending solutions -- very compelling lending solutions at a very low cost is really, really important, both defensively and offensively for us. So it absolutely allows us to compete against those firms, compete for clients, retain the clients that we have. Very, very important capability for us that is out.
Peter Crawford: So we think that we're at a rate now of the Fed funds rate, short-term rates, where incremental rate moves increases don't have a material impact in terms of level of sorting or the client is going to move into a purchase money fund when personal funds are yielding 5.25%. They're probably going to move in personally [consuming] 4.75%. We're at a point now where, again, that determination, that decision is not a huge factor. So I wouldn't expect that to be a big impact. While at the same time, of course, higher rates will be good for us in terms of the floating rate assets that we have margin loans, the segregated cap. Should we take one just maybe from the web before we -- from the web now. We're okay.
Peter Crawford: Yes, I would say a couple of things. Our client behavior regarding their cash is much more determined by the -- in terms of the cash per account is much more influenced by a level of interest rates and is by what's happening with the equity markets. When clients -- what we tend to see the impact from the equity markets is typically equity markets -- if the equity markets drop dramatically, cash comes on to the balance sheet, but a big lag. And of course, an environment where I think that you're getting at is equity markets, we suddenly see a big rally in the equity markets. That clearly is a net positive for Schwab, right? If we see a dramatic rise in equity markets, all the asset-based fees, those go up, the measures of the client engagement tend to follow. So we tend to see more margin utilization, more trading more securities lending revenue, all of those, that is absolutely a net positive for Schwab on that. And I would -- any impact on client cash allocations tends to be very delayed and much more muted relative to the impact of interest rates.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So we've set our buybacks into the opportunistic, not programmatic. But I would say -- and I think you're absolutely right. The payout ratio could be significantly above that 125% level. We wanted to make sure we gave ourselves a lot of a lot of leeway there. I'd expect that we will continue to buy back our stock, again, opportunistically and bring that leverage ratio down over the course of the year. In terms of maintaining, I don't see the need to necessarily maintain some buffer. We already that 6 50 to 6 75 is a buffer on top of the buffer. Now if we saw a dramatic change in the market that we anticipate a dramatic incline sheet, that might be a situation where we say, okay, let's slow this down. But if we're in a situation we're in right now, I think we'd be bringing that Tier 1 leverage ratio down from where it is today over time.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So you can see all the -- I should have mentioned this, you can see all those assumptions in the appendix. And certainly, you're welcome to follow up with the IR team in terms of the specifics, given the answer of time, I won't go through kind of all those different assumptions. But they're there's so a pretty relatively conventional assumptions, not dissimilar from what we assume every year when we provide our scenarios.
Peter Crawford: Terminology that Jonathan referenced there, is the green clients, as we would expect, the green clients do tend to sort less than the blue clients. And that's smaller accounts, more trading-oriented. What's also different though is the green clients tend to be a little bit more responsive to the market. And so what we've actually been seeing is as the market has been declining a lot of Ameritrade clients are looking at as an opportunity to buy into the market. And so we've actually seen earlier not actually inflows even as the market has been declining, and that's been one of the drivers -- big drivers of those -- the decline in the BDA balances.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So the way to think about that breakage fee is essentially is like the market -- those are what we're essentially breaking as our fixed rate investments for lack of a better term. And so that breakage fee is roughly equivalent to the mark-to-market on those fixed rate investments. So from an NPV standpoint, it's neutral to positive for us from a net present value standpoint because we can take those proceeds and reinvest at higher yields. In terms of the BDA assumptions going forward, I think it's fair to assume that the BDA balances declined by roughly $10 billion a year until we get to the $50 billion floor, so we're 6 or 7 years away from that. There's a lot of sort of moving pieces within it and a lot of acronyms we can throw at you. But that, I think, if you're trying to model the business over the next 5, 6, 7 years, 10 years, I would assume that the BDA balances decline by roughly $10 billion a year until we get that $50 billion floor. I think we have time maybe for one more question.
Peter Crawford: So the 8% to 12% decline seems airy for all the actions that we're planning on taking in 2023. Yes. That's sort of everything. There's nothing we're holding out through us separately from that. But again, I want to emphasize that assumes a reduction in some of those temporary funding sources, the CDs, FHLB, et cetera, that we had of 2022, our expectation is majority of that is gone by the end of 2023.
Peter Crawford: So I think we're just about out of time. I'm sure there's no shortage of questions. Certainly, the IR team is always available to answer any follow-up questions for hanging in there. We really appreciate you taking the time to certainly understand this company. Hopefully, what came through is my colleagues and I spoke, is a combination of excitement and about the opportunities we have to continue driving strong organic growth, continue unlocking revenue opportunities, continue doing better for our clients and continue driving greater efficiency. And then the confidence, trusting that our strategy has worked through good times and bad times, and our track record speak for itself. That's certainly what makes us all feel very excited. We look forward to engaging with you again at our April Business Update. Thank you again for those of you who have traveled here to Westlake, thank you for those on the web for joining us for the last 4-plus hours, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Cheers.
Brennan Hawken: Almost like I should let Brennan go first after last time. So I wanted to talk about the slide, Peter, showing the trajectory to that 3% NIM. It's consistent with what you outlined at the last business update. At the same time, we have seen long end rates come in a fair amount. And I was hoping you could speak to what enables you to hold the line at that 3% given some of the pressures that we've seen at the long end.
Brennan Hawken: Peter. So I actually have a longer-term strategic question, but a couple of just tactical questions just because you dropped a lot on this. The interest earning outlook -- the interesting asset outlook, does that contemplate the FHLB borrowing and does it include it? And are you still thinking that the mid-single-digit as a percentage of interest-earning assets is an upward bound for some of those alternative funding.
Brennan Hawken: So following up on that, I think in your slide, there was the $100 million BDA breakage. Can you discuss some of the mechanics of that? So what does that do -- is that what you pay to basically break the ladder and then you can -- what sort of percentage of that BDA would move into float? And what are the underlying assumptions around the continued maybe -- are you assuming the balances keep declining kind of to the extent the rate was [asking].
