Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks, Ken, for the question. So I would expect that level of cash. It's not like we're holding the cash because we think that sorting is going to happen this quarter or next quarter. It's really looking out over the next several years and thinking about how do we want to make sure we position the portfolio such that we have ample liquidity to be able to support a range of possible outcomes around this client cash sorting. I would expect that, that level of cash will come down over time through some of the purchase activity that we outlined in one of those pages there. For example, we're considering deploying some of it into kind of a treasury ladder, for example, that would be an alternative to that cash would lock in some of the forward rates, protect us from some of the downside in case rates don't climb as expected. But I would still expect -- even that, I would expect that our cash levels will still remain higher than that 5% to 7% typical level that we target. 
Peter Crawford: Yes. Well, as you said, we don't -- we definitely don't try to time the market. So it really is a function of what we see with that client -- what we see with the rate environment, what we see with that client activity. I do expect that we'll deploy some of that cash over the next couple of quarters, but we'll likely be deploying that in -- or continue to deploy that in securities that have a relatively short maturity so that we have a lot of paydowns and maturities in the next 2 or 3 years. In terms of the timing to go out further on the curve to be buying some of the traditional mortgage-backed securities that we have traditionally bought, that's really going to be more a function of what we see with client activity and to see how that evolves over time. 
Peter Crawford: Sure. So I guess the short answer, Craig, is it depends. I think that it's certainly conceivable that we could cross within the next couple of quarters. It's also conceivable that if the client cash sorting evolves in a manner consistent with what we saw in 2015 through 2019, that could slow the balance sheet growth or potentially even reverse some of that balance sheet growth and push that date further back. So I guess either way, I would say we feel like it's a manageable issue for us to navigate. By virtue of -- I mean we're certainly cognizant of the implications on our regulatory capital. But sitting here as CFO and thinking about the profile of the business and how much capital do we need to support the business, it's not like an accounting convention changes the fundamental profile of the company. When we think about how we manage our capital and the level of capital that we want to maintain to support the business, when we think about our stress test, the most stressful scenario for us is interest rates go down and cash floods onto the balance sheet. Well, scenario like that, that negative AOCI goes away and basically goes back to 0 with the decline in interest rates. So it's sort of an example where again we think this is a very manageable situation. In a scenario where rates are continuing to be high, that's also a scenario we're likely generating a lot of organic capital and probably utilizing less of that organic capital to support the balance sheet growth. So we're generating a lot of excess capital in that scenario. So again, we think this is a very manageable situation. 
Peter Crawford: Well, I mean, again, our capital levels, we have buffers on top of buffers on top of buffers. So we've got -- we feel like we're sitting on a lot of capital even sitting where we are today at 6.1% Tier 1 leverage. We certainly wouldn't want to do anything that sacrifices the long-term growth of the business. So the idea of saying, "Let's somehow cap our growth below $700 billion," I wouldn't necessarily see that as a path that we want to pursue. We did -- as you mentioned, we did migrate those $111 billion of securities out of available for sale to held to maturity really before we saw a dramatic rise in rates. So that really has been helpful. And to the extent we were buying new securities on the margin, we would be likely to put those into held to maturity assuming it was an appropriate fit with the security. So those are all actions that certainly will continue to look at. And a lot of the purchasing we're doing by targeting securities with a duration or maturity less than 3 years, those don't generate much AOCI volatility. So that helps us. And some of this AOCI, of course, amortizes down over time. So again, that's all makes the point, I think -- help support, I guess, why we feel like this is a very manageable situation. 
Peter Crawford: Sure. So on the prepayment amortization, we saw about a [indiscernible] basis point reduction in premium amortization between Q4 and Q1. And embedded within that NIM outlook that we shared is our expectation that again assuming rates continue as they have, that we can see another similar-sized reduction between Q1 and Q2 and probably between Q1 and Q4, somewhere on the order of 10 basis points, plus or minus improvement in the premium -- the level of premium amortization. In terms of of loan growth, we do -- despite the rising rate environment, we do think there's a lot of opportunity for growth. Clearly, the refinancing wave has largely passed, and we're entering on the mortgage side, a new purchase -- it's more of a new purchase market. But our rates are very, very compelling. And the -- still, despite the success we've had with growing our lending solutions, there's still a lot of clients out there who don't yet turn to us for their lending needs, who would be better off turning to us for their lending needs. It's good for them and it's good for us both financially and strategically. So we still think there's a big opportunity there with both the Schwab clients as well as now with the legacy Ameritrade clients to increase the awareness of the Schwab Bank capabilities, pricing, et cetera. And then with pledged asset line, Rick referenced the improvement in cycle times. That's -- I think that continues to be a big opportunity. We are very much underpenetrated in that product relative to other wealth management firms. And so we're working hard to again increase the awareness, improve the process there to make that more accessible to both retail clients as well as the RIA clients. The RIA clients have a lot of interest in pledged asset and so we think there's a big opportunity there. So we think there's a lot of opportunity on the lending side without a doubt. 
Peter Crawford: Well, thank you, Rich, for the question. I do think that's something we're likely to include when we have our July update as we get further into this cycle. As you point out, the next couple of Fed funds increases, we'll get the benefit, of course, from the increase itself plus the impact on the money fund fee waivers. Those money fund fee waivers should all be gone after the next, certainly, one or potentially 2 Fed increase. I think probably the next one, they're pretty much all gone at that point. The next couple after that, certainly, you've got the very quick benefit on roughly 40% to 45% of our balance sheet interest -- or our interest-earning assets that are in floating rate securities today. So that benefit kicks in relatively quickly and you can do the math in terms of that. The deposit betas, as you may recall from the last rising rate cycle, they started off on the lower end and then they start -- they do edge up over time after we get above sort of 100, 125 basis points. But they never -- I don't think they ever got above, I want to say, 25% or 30% even at sort of a 2% Fed fund or 2.5% -- 2.25%, 2.5% Fed funds rate. So that the incremental benefit of the eighth Fed -- 25 basis points Fed increase is slightly less than the benefit of the seventh, but there's still certainly significant upside as you start to stack some of these Fed funds increases on top of each other. 
Peter Crawford: Well, we use that -- we mentioned that, Rich, as a reference point, not as a prediction -- there are a number of different dynamics this time, this go around, right? We're not going through the bulk transfer. We're not executing the bulk transfers as we did last time when those bulk transfers were a catalyst for some clients to take action with regard to their cash. We have the Ameritrade clients now in their accounts, which tend to be smaller and more trading-oriented. So -- and they didn't have access to necessarily -- or certainly to the same access to purchase money funds in the last rising rate cycle. So we don't necessarily have great information in terms of how they'll behave. We have a lot of new accounts that we picked up in the last 1.5 years that oftentimes are smaller and more trading-oriented, so how they behave as well. And so given all of that, we feel like it's appropriate to make sure we are planning for different scenarios in terms of how this could unfold and then maintaining -- and that's really the key word is maintaining that flexibility so that we don't box ourselves in and we can respond under depending on how things evolve. 
Peter Crawford: So let me take the second question first. Hard to say. We certainly have the option to take additional balances over the course of the year. At this point, I'm not sure I would expect a lot more additional migrations out of the BDA or the IDA onto our balance sheet in 2022. In terms of the upside on the BDA or IDA, you're absolutely right, it is very much there. About 20% of those balances are in floating rate and those are tied to the Fed funds rate. So as the Fed increases, you get the upside on 20% of $140-something billion pretty quickly. And we are executing new fixed investments about 90 basis points higher than the roll-off rate on those fixed maturities or those tenors that are maturing over the next 12 months. So a lot of upside in terms of the fixed portion of the IDA as well. 
Peter Crawford: Yes. That's a really interesting question. So our securities lending operation tends to focus more on the hard-to-borrow stocks. And so we're lending out stocks that oftentimes have a 99% rate -- annualized rate. So certainly very -- these are very high-spread securities, very much in demand that can generate a lot of -- certainly a lot of revenue. And the -- and so when you look over time, the interest in those hard-to-borrow stocks tends to correlate with the sentiment in the market. And so -- and the availability as well of those hard-to-borrow stocks varies with the sentiment in the market. In other words, when our clients have higher-margin balances that tends to correlate to an extent with more securities lending revenue. Now in a higher rate environment -- so for those of you who don't know as much about securities lending, when we lend out the stock, we do get cash as collateral from the counterparty. We have to lock up that cash in the reserve portfolio and it earns what the reserve portfolio earns. In a higher rate environment, of course, the cash that we receive, we can earn a higher yield on that cash. Oftentimes, though, that does when the counterparties are thinking about the rebate rates, they do factor that into the rebate that they're willing to give us. So in other words, if you have a stock that might be -- they might be willing to pay, let's say, 10% per year for in an environment where the cash that we're receiving doesn't earn much. If we're earning 2% on that cash, maybe they'll be willing to pay 8% in rebate. And so if you're looking forward, if you're looking at the reported securities lending revenue, you might see the direct securities lending revenue being lower, but it's being made up for by earning more on the cash, which sits in another place on the income statement. 
Peter Crawford: Sure. So I mean there's a number of different -- certainly a number of different dynamics at play there. So then again, the next couple of rate hikes, the $54 million of money fund fee waivers, we'd expect those to be completely eliminated by -- assuming the Fed follows through, be completely eliminated by the end of the second quarter. So going into the third quarter, we've got the full fees that we're capturing there. We have, I think, most recently -- look, I think we've got 43% of the interest-earning assets are in floating rate securities. Those tend to reprice very, very quickly. And so you take 43% times $600-plus billion interest-earning assets and you get that benefit on that very quickly with each Fed increase. The other -- to the extent that we're -- the rates are continuing to follow the forward curve and continue to climb, then that gives us more opportunity as we are doing -- executing new purchases to be picking up yield. That will play out over time given the duration of our investment portfolio. We do get that paydown activity and those maturities on that investment portfolio and that creates new field to be able to reinvest at those higher rates. And then as I had mentioned, with the IDA, you've got the 20% in floating roughly. That reprices relatively quickly -- or very quickly. And then we have the roll-on versus roll-off rate in the IDA. We're picking up that 90 basis points. Again, that's more of a function of long-term rates. But certainly, with those being where they are today, that creates certainly some nice wind in our backs on the IDAs as well. 
Peter Crawford: Sure. So let's see. Let me again take the second part of the question first. Executing on the transfers on the IDAs, as I mentioned, I wouldn't expect that we're going to do -- we already took the $12 billion, $13 billion thus far this year. And I wouldn't expect us to do a lot more on the IDA migrations this year. We'll have to see you kind of where we are next year as we get into our planning and how we think about that. In terms of investing in new cash flows, that is absolutely part of our consideration as we see those cash flows come in. We do make a decision. But it's part of the overall mosaic, if you will, around how we think about our investment strategy. It's not like we think about new cash differently than we do with the cash that's generated from paydowns and maturities and so forth. We're looking at doing multiple forecasts over several years to sort of think about how conditions could evolve over time and making sure we are adjusting our asset duration, maturity schedule, liquidity positioning to be able to respond to a range of possible scenarios for that. 
Peter Crawford: All right. Well, that brings us to the top of the hour. I just -- I want to thank you all for your questions. Walt used the word consistency in his opening remarks, and I think that's a very apt word to describe our business strategy as well as our ALM and investing strategy. I'd also use the word humility in it, humility to understand. There's a lot happening right now in the environment that we don't necessarily -- we can't completely predict. We can't necessarily completely predict what investor sentiment is going to do, what the Fed is going to do, what's going to happen with interest rates. And so given that humility, we also want to make sure we maintain a lot of flexibility. That is the overarching word, I guess, or the sentiment that characterizes our investing strategy and how we're positioning the company, the balance sheet, et cetera, moving forward. But we're very excited, very confident for what the future will bring both financially and strategically and we look forward to giving you another update in July. Thanks, everyone.
