Peter Crawford: Sure. So, thanks, Brian. So, the scenario that I outlined is based off the Fed cutting rates a single time in the rest of this year in September. In terms of deposit betas, I wouldn't necessarily assume that deposit betas are symmetrical. If you look historically, deposit betas tend to be a bit higher on the -- in the easing cycle than they are in a tightening cycle. And so, while we certainly haven't made any decisions exactly about what we'll do with deposit rates, I think that's a reasonable expectation. And we also would expect that as rates come down, the cost of any replacement supplemental funding that we have to access comes down as well. And we'd also expect that, on the margin, that rate cuts would, over time, bring about higher levels of clients' transactional cash as the incentive for them to utilize alternative solutions like purchase money funds and CDs become somewhat less.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So, we can -- certainly, we can follow up with -- we have a number of assumptions on the page there, and you're welcome to follow up with the IR team in terms of some of the details. But broadly speaking, as I mentioned previously, the assumptions are as a single Fed cut in September, client cash realignment activity that continues to moderate. We expect it will flatten and then, again, ultimately resume growth. And then more of a continuation of the general -- relatively conventional assumptions on equity market depreciation, margin balance growth that goes along with that and so forth. In terms of supplemental borrowing, our priority, of course, is to pay that down as quickly as we can. But the pace at which we pay that down, it is dependent on the level of margin balance growth. And if we see -- continue to see more margin balance growth, we will, as we always do, want to make sure we support that growth. And at times, that means moving some cash out of the -- some client cash out of the bank over to the broker-dealer. But again, that is a -- we welcome the margin balance growth. It's good for clients. It means we're -- our clients are engaged, that we are supporting our active trader community, which is a very important segment for us. It's a very profitable interest-earning assets. So, we're more than happy to support that even if it means that it delays, to a certain extent, the pay-down of supplemental borrowing. It's accretive from a NIM standpoint, accretive from a net interest revenue standpoint, and so forth. So, it's why it's really, I think, I'd caution everyone not to focus on supplemental borrowing just in isolation in a vacuum, because it's influenced by other factors as well.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So, thanks for the question, Steven. So, I would say, I know we've gotten this question -- we've gotten this question a fair amount. And our thinking on repositioning trade hasn't really changed. We certainly understand the benefit of that on accelerating the paydown of supplemental borrowing, accelerating the net interest margin accretion, earnings accretion that we expect to happen over time. At the same time, we're very cognizant of, and very mindful, of doing anything that would jeopardize the trust our clients place in us, especially for the sake of, moving forward, something that we expect will happen on its own. And so that's why we haven't done that. So, I would say it's not something we, by any means, rule out altogether, but it's also not something we're looking to do in the near term.
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks, Brennan. And so as I indicated, we're talking about years, not months and quarters. And we just want to foreshadow that, over those period of years, we think that there may be approaches that are more efficient in terms of rewarding our clients as well as rewarding our stockholders than maintaining 100% of the deposits at our bank. We want deposits, as I indicated, to be sufficient to cover the loans that we intend to do for our clients, that provide quality yields, deepen relationships and we're able to do at exceptionally low credit risk, as well as having liquidity beyond that. But we all recognize that deposit flows can be very volatile depending on rate environments. And we have in place one agreement already today that provides us substantial flexibility for client deposits with exceptional economics for us without the need for capital. And we think that there are other opportunities to consider expanding that. Again, I want to emphasize, the prepared remarks I made, that this is all subject to the economics of doing so. But we do think there are meaningful opportunities to lighten some of the capital load over time, again, measured in years, not months and quarters, that will provide us additional flexibility and also let us extend FDIC insurance to higher levels for our clients.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So, I mean I think I would think about that in terms of the pace of cash flows off the investment portfolio as sort of in the $10 billion to $11 billion a quarter, somewhere in that range, as the portfolio -- the size of the portfolio goes down, that it's reasonable to expect that that level of cash flow goes down as well, sort of commensurate with that. But sort of -- and that's a general rule of thumb over the next several quarters, I think, is a reasonable expectation.
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks, Alex, for the question. So, I know there's a lot of focus on kind of month-to-month, even at times week-to-week changes in deposit flows. I think it's important to maybe set a little bit of context. So, first is deposit flows over a short period of time are influenced by net new assets, of course, the cash is brought in from new accounts, and then what clients do with that cash. And that can be rate-driven allocations that they make to purchase money funds, CDs and so forth. It can also be into engagement in the markets, equities, mutual funds and so forth. And so that can create some variability. We have seen strong engagement in the markets. And when we look at the rate-driven activity among our clients, that continues to go down. The second point of context I would make, which is that you do see variability in those flows from, frankly, from day to day or month to month. And we can see $2 billion or $3 billion of net inflows or outflows on a particular day. And so, when you just look at a month's numbers, depending on what day of the week the month ends on, it can influence the level of transactional cash that we report on that monthly basis. And I'd say June was sort of -- was comparable to May. July has started off stronger. It's still early, it's about halfway through the month, so we'll see how the month ends. But it is -- it started off definitely stronger than in terms of deposit flows than May. In terms of the long term, to your question long term, we would expect in a stable environment that client transactional cash grows with the growth in accounts and the growth in total assets. We actually recently did a study to look at clients who opened their accounts roughly 20 years ago. And what we see over time is, as those clients increase the net worth in their accounts, increase assets in their accounts, their cash balances go up and they actually stay at a relatively constant percent of the assets in the account. And so, I think as you are modeling our transactional cash over a long period of time, over years, I think it's reasonable to expect that that transactional cash grows with the growth in assets and the growth in accounts. When rates are rising, it will -- growth will be a little bit lower, and rates are falling, that growth will be a little bit faster. But I think over time in a stable environment, that's a reasonable expectation over, again, over multiple years.
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks, Chris. So, the 3% -- approaching -- NIM approaching 3% by the end of 2025, the primary driver of that is, again, the moderation of the client transactional cash realignment activity and the paydown of the supplemental borrowing. That is very, very accretive to our net interest margin. In terms of whether the comments that Walt provided have any influence over that, I'd just reiterate what he said, which is that is something that's evolutionary, not revolutionary. It's going to play out over multiple years. And so, it doesn't influence at all really the -- that more near-term outlook that we have for the end of -- towards the end of 2025. Thanks for the question.
Peter Crawford: All right. Well, I think it's my opportunity or my time to close. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and hearing our thoughts on the business and the opportunity in front of us. I think it's very easy to focus on very near-term practical measures. And as client cash realignment activity, plus or minus $1 billion, or supplement our borrowing or net interest margin in terms of -- which we measure in terms of basis points. And those of you who follow the Company for a long time know that we manage for the long term. We have a very long-term orientation. Our faith in our clients, our faith in our strategy, our confidence in that strategy really helps us remain focused on long term. And Walt described this year at the outset as a transitional year. And I think as we sit here halfway through the year, we feel really good about how that transition is going in terms of our strategic positioning, in terms of the completion of the Ameritrade integration and the satisfaction of those clients, in terms of the organic growth, the capital levels, and even the financial performance. And we certainly recognize the journey is not over by any means. We're feeling very confident about where we are and where we're going. Thanks, everyone, again, and we look forward to speaking with you again in October.
Walt Bettinger: Yes. So, I think it's I think it's early to have definitive answers on the first set of questions that you asked. Although if you research our IDA agreement with TD Bank, it probably gives you a good direction with respect to the economics. The economics can be very attractive for us in terms of not needing to have capital relative to those deposits. And that's where I would probably direct you to look in terms of the economics of that. In terms of the level, we want to make sure that we maintain sufficient deposits at our bank to, again, fund the loans that our clients want, and then have appropriate levels of liquidity over and above that. With respect to the Wells Fargo issue, we have provided money market fund sweep cash and -- or money market yields on bank cash for all of our fiduciary-driven investment advisory solutions already. So, I don't really see the Wells Fargo report having any kind of meaningful implications for us. We've been doing this for an extended period of time already.
Walt Bettinger: Let me start by saying first -- thanks for the question, Kyle. Let me start by saying when we look at our Schwab client base, we continue to grow within that 5% to 7% organic growth rate that we target over the long term. When you look at the Company level metrics, what's keeping us from the 5% to 7% overall is, in fact, behavior of the Ameritrade clients. And the great thing that we're seeing is we are seeing a change in their behavior. And it's in line with what we would expect, which is, first, we need to stop clients from leaving the firm and from Ameritrade flows being negative. And I think we're in the process of that happening. Walt referenced the significant improvement in Client Promoter Scores. That's true both on the retail side and the adviser side. So, Client Promoter Scores are getting higher. As those Client Promoter Scores are getting higher, we're moving from outflows from our Ameritrade clients to inflows. What we then need to do is to move a client base that hasn't had client flows quite in line with where Schwab organic growth rate has been historically. We need to move them from being positive contributors to net new assets to contributing at the same level as Schwab -- as our Schwab organic growth rate. And the way we'll do that is by introducing our Schwab model to Ameritrade clients, the financial consultant, the relationship model, the service, the advice, the consultants that we bring on the advisory side. All of that, we believe, will help accelerate the Ameritrade net new asset formation. So, we're confident we can grow in the 5% to 7% range. We continue to do so on the Schwab side today. And we're right where we'd expect to be in terms of the process of moving Ameritrade clients from being net detractors in net new assets to now being slightly positive. And then, we anticipate by introducing our model to them to be able to grow them to the same level as Schwab clients over time.
Walt Bettinger: Let me start with the Ameritrade part of the question. We brought over about $2 trillion of Ameritrade client assets. We're at $9.4 trillion overall. So, Ameritrade is clearly an important part of our business. Looking at the longer term, important to remember the enthusiasm we have for the combination of the strength of Ameritrade and Schwab. We were talking a lot about short-term dynamics around cash and net interest margin and things like that. We have an incredible franchise that we've just spent four years putting together the best of everything Ameritrade had to offer with the best of everything Schwab has to offer. And the behavior we're seeing from our clients is exactly what we would expect. We went from clients who experienced a lot of change and might have had dual relationships at Ameritrade and somewhere else, making the decision that this wasn't where they wanted to be. And so we did see some attrition. That attrition was well below what our expectations were. And now we're seeing what we'd expect to see in the next phase, which is client satisfaction from those clients that were moved, who had their experience change, improving dramatically. We're up 35 points in our advisory services business in terms of our overall client promoter scores following the conversion. And on the retail side, nine months after a client moves, their satisfaction is up 50 points. So, we have built a platform that both sets of clients love. And now what we get to do for the long term and for the foreseeable future is deliver our mission of making a difference in our clients' lives through a platform that's never been stronger on the retail side and the adviser side than it is right now today. And so, we're confident in our long-term organic growth rate. We think the behavior we're seeing is exactly in line with what we would have expected, and are very optimistic for our future growth.
Walt Bettinger: So, I just want to clarify, in our fiduciary relationships where we -- in our Managed Investing programs, our wealth programs, cash assets are invested in a sweep government money fund. So, we don't have this exposure that Wells Fargo has.
Walt Bettinger: Thanks for the question, Devin. We certainly think we can expand our lending capabilities. And the way we're focused on doing that is by creating the easiest, most straightforward, client-friendly process in the industry. We've seen that within our pledged asset line program where it's now 1.7 days average cycle time to get a pledged asset line. It's actually less than a day for individual and joint accounts, but our more complex ones drive up the average time. 85% of those originations are now done digitally. These are major enhancements. And we're making other enhancements to our mortgage process, to the way we lend to our higher net worth clients and the experience they have. So, we're trying to build an experience that makes it such that our Schwab clients never want to borrow somewhere else, they want to borrow from us. So, we do think there is lots of runway to close that gap, and we're quite bullish on our -- on the opportunity here. Now, we are in an interest rate environment where there's not as much borrowing as we've seen historically, not as much rolling over of loans and things. But we are confident that we've built the process, the experience and the offer that we should be for our clients an exceptional place to borrow. And that includes our industry-leading rates for clients that have assets with us. Final comment I'd make is it's also a terrific way to add to the service that we provide to our adviser clients. Our advisers for years have been asking us to do more lending because they don't want to have to introduce another party into the relationship. And increasingly, we're able to meet their needs, which delights them, and we think we'll be able to do more of that over time.
