Peter Crawford: Yes. I'll take that one. Thank you, Ken. So I'd say fundamentally, the -- we remain very, very bullish on the revenue synergies. And as you point out, the -- certainly a significant portion of those revenue synergies are coming from moving the BDA balances from TD Bank over to Schwab Bank's balance sheet over time.  And those continue despite the fact -- the way that we have renegotiated the IDA agreement, that's a more of a near-term dynamic, the long-term implication of that, the long-term planning has not changed, which is that we'd expect to move those balances over to our balance sheet and realize those revenue synergies from doing so. But that's only a part of the story. And I think the other part of the revenue synergies are -- we're very, very excited about. And those come from allowing the legacy Ameritrade clients to have access to Schwab's broader array of wealth management solutions, lending, advice, et cetera. And Rick talked in his comments about some of the early signs of progress of interest in those solutions.  If you look at the penetration rate of advice among their legacy retail clients within Schwab, it's about 19%, Ameritrade, it's about 6% or 7%. And we think that's a huge untapped need, we know those clients are interested in that advice, and we're very, very excited about that opportunity, which we think will unfold over multiple years.
Peter Crawford: Yes. Dan, I don't know if I want to parse it quite that finely. I mean, I would say is we do expect that we'll see a resumption. I mean if you look at the trends from frankly, even from the first quarter from March to April, April to May, May to June, and you don't have to do too unusual, I guess, extrapolations to see that flipping. So we'd expect we'll see return of deposit growth I would say, ahead of that typical seasonal buildup that you get in later November and into December.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So I mean I think -- I guess I would say, answer this a couple of ways. I mean when we think about LCR, what we really focus on is the LCR and there is certainly there's LCR at the banks, but there's also LCR at the parent. And when we look at the LCR at the parent, that's really driven more by what's happening on the broker-dealer side. That tends to be the -- we have -- and so that is a function of what's happening with margin balances, free credit balances and so forth. Within the banks, we certainly have ample access and ample liquidity, a very, very liquid portfolio there. We have been running a little bit higher levels of cash. I'd expect that as we continue to put some distance between now and where we were back in March and sort of the -- some of the stresses around the banking system, we'll continue to let those cash levels decline, and that will be a contributor to paying down some and retiring some of the CDs and the FHLB. So I would say that would probably be the bigger factor is continue to let those cash balances decline back closer to our operating objective, which is more around 5% or 6% of deposits.
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks very much for the question. I know there's been a lot of I guess, speculation on this and a lot of discussion about this. I'm glad you asked this. So let me reiterate, first and foremost, we do not need to and something we said previously, we do not need to sell securities. We have plenty of liquidity to support the client cash allocation activity. As we talked about, that activity is slowing and remain quite profitable. Our capital levels are growing, and our NIM is poised to improve, as we've talked about. At the same time, we certainly recognize that selling securities can look good on paper from a financial standpoint as it would accelerate some of the trends that we'd otherwise see, things like increasing our go-forward net interest margin, net interest revenue, accelerating the paydown of borrowing, building our capital levels.  But the important point is that's an acceleration of trends that are already happening. And we're very mindful of the potential risks that doing something like that could be misunderstood or misperceived by the outside world and most importantly, by our clients. And so I would say it remains something we won't rule out, but it's not something we are actively pursuing at this time. Thanks for the question.
Peter Crawford: Yes, it's a tough -- I mean we get this question a lot, and it's a really tough question to answer because it really is kind of what time frame are you looking at when you answer that question. I mean the money tends to come in heavily in the form of cash, sort of 45% or 50% maybe in the form of cash. But over time, not surprisingly, it gets invested and it gets invested in ways that look similar to our existing clients. So clients often will bring in cash, invest in the equity markets, invest in mutual funds, fixed income and typically leave some of that cash on the balance sheet as transactional cash. So it really depends, new accounts versus existing accounts tend to have different behavior. But I would say that in aggregate, over time, as we grow new accounts, those new accounts typically bring a level of transactional cash that helps to offset or more than offset any residual client-cash realignment activity that's happening among our existing accounts. And so that becomes an important source of deposit growth over time.
Peter Crawford: Yes. We certainly have considered and looked at that. And I think there's still a number of dimensions of that, that are to be determined. And so the implications are a little bit up in the air. But I would say the bottom line is none of the implications we think are going to be in any way disruptive.  I mean they'll be very manageable depending on how it's -- the TLAC is calibrated, whether it's calibrated at the G-SIB level or it's calibrated at sort of lower level. Based on the analysis we've seen, we could have either enough debt already or have to issue a very modest amount, I mean, sort of a couple of billion dollars, $2 billion, $3 billion of incremental debt. So again, when you think about the carrying cost of that, it's quite modest. So we don't see that as being a sort of a significant factor moving forward.
Peter Crawford: Sure. So as we shared previously, the $500 million of remaining expense synergies related to the integration, the majority of those will be unlocked as we complete the integration in the months after we complete integration. So as we shared previously, we'd expect that the vast majority of that $500 million will be realized on a run rate basis by the end of 2024. The $500 million of incremental expense savings that Walt previewed in his comments, we'd expect the vast majority of those to be realized by the end of 2023 and so those would have a -- will also have an impact on 2024, but those are incremental to -- those are not contemplated in the scenario that we had shared at the Winter Business Update, where I think we talked about something like 4% to 5% adjusted expense growth from '23 to '24.  You take that and you just subtract that at least that $500 million plus as we talked about, that's how you get to flat to negative adjusted expense growth from '23 to '24. But again, given the fact that we're realizing some of the expense synergies related to integration in 2024, that will clearly have a benefit as we go from '24 to '25 as well. So it's really looking at two years of sort of below trend expense growth not just the expense growth.
Peter Crawford: So the way I think about it is in terms of when we think about it, we think about sort of the principal and interest payments of the securities portfolio, and we use that as a mechanism to support the cash realignment activity and then also to pay down some of the short-term borrowings.  And that's tracking about $5-ish billion per month, $15 billion per quarter as that portfolio shrinks, that, of course, that month -- those monthly cash flows will decrease modestly. But even in through next year, we still expect that to -- those monthly -- that monthly activity to be $4 billion plus $4 billion to $5 billion, somewhere in that range over the course of 2024 as well.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So you're right. So securities lending revenue does move around, it can move around month-to-month day-to-day, frankly, based off of oftentimes demand for a relatively small number of hard-to-borrow stocks, and that's really what we focus on is the hard-to-borrow stocks. We're the largest lender in the industry for those hard-to-borrow stocks. And many times, they are event driven, whether it's a SPAC or de-SPAC situation or IPO or whatever it might be. I think over time, I guess I would say two things. One is over time, I do -- we would expect that securities lending revenue to grow with the growth in margin balances because that creates more inventory and the growth in our total client assets. At the same time, we see a significant opportunity to continue to grow sec lending revenue sort of irrespective of what happens with balances. We talked previously about the combination of the green and blue sec lending capabilities on the Ameritrade side has access to more hard-to-borrow stocks. But on the blue side, on the Schwab side, we have had some more advanced capabilities, such as a fully -- a more mature fully paid program. And so we're very, very excited about that combination and continue to unlock the significant opportunities that combination provides and for example, making more of our clients aware of the fully paid opportunity. So I think that -- we see that as a revenue synergy from the combination and a great opportunity moving forward. Okay. And I think that is -- I think that we said that was our last question. So let me just close this out here as we're getting to the bottom of the hour. There's no doubt that the last few months have presented some challenges for our clients, our people and our business. And Walt spoke at the outset about the metaphorical fog that has obscured I think the enduring quality of the Schwab franchise.  And as we're sitting here today in this 100-degree Texas heat, it feels like that fog is starting to clear and as it does, I think what you see as a company building loyalty among clients that is among the highest in the industry. Producing consistent 5% to 7% organic growth, positioned strongly in the two fastest-growing segments in wealth management.  Delivering consistent profitability highlighted by a 42% adjusted pretax margin during one of our toughest quarters in a long time and pursuing a lot of opportunities with the Ameritrade integration and beyond to drive growth and to deliver even greater efficiency. And as I hope you've gleaned over this past hour, we remain very confident about the path forward and our future, and we look forward to discussing our continued progress with you at our next update in October. Thanks, everyone.
