Walter W. Bettinger: Sure. I don't know that we have actually stated a percentage where we think it can get to, but we think there is a meaningful runway up from 16%. There are hundreds of billions of dollars there of assets that are not under an advisory relationship, and we are in ongoing conversations with clients on a daily basis around whether they would be best served by that or not. Fundamentally, what we want to do is do what is in the best interest of the client. For some clients, it is in their best interest to move into an advisory offer. In some cases, they're better off as a self-directed investor. So we want to what's client's best interest. In terms of the revenue, the revenue swing is fairly substantial for our client who moves from a self-directed position typically into an advisory-based solution. Often a self-directed investor holds individual securities that have no ongoing revenue stream. They may have some mutual funds where we could be generating a modest amount of revenue. Most of our advisory solutions generate for us somewhere between, say, 70 and 100 basis points worth of revenue that we don't have to share with a third party. So the lift is meaningful as clients move into those advisory relationships. And therefore, it's very attractive for us from an earnings standpoint. But I just want to emphasize that really the driving factor for us is what's going to be in the client's best interest.
Walter W. Bettinger: To the first part of your question, we don't anticipate anything changing in the way that we manage the company from today, in the environment we're living in today into an environment that is a lot more attractive, like the math shows as you get out into 2015, 2016. We don't operate with a targeted margin percent. Rather, we apply very, very rigorous discipline to every spending decision, every investment decision that we would make to make sure that it's creating long term shareholder value. And then the balance of the revenue falls to the bottom line, and then we look to make the most appropriate decisions at that point to the extent there is excess capital. So I think the way we run the company today, with the discipline that we have at a $5 billion revenue level, would be exactly the same as we would run the company in a more normalized environment out into the future. With respect to the second part of the question, things that we would invest in, in frankness, Howard, I'm probably hesitant to share some of that because we've been known to have 1 or 2 competitors participate in these calls, too. So I mean, there are some things that we think about and that we anticipate potentially investing in. If at the point in time the environment improves, they still make strategic sense and will provide returns to our shareholders. But I don't know at this point that we're going to go through any specifics on them. I'm sorry for not answering that part.
Walter W. Bettinger: I don't think we've seen any significant competitive environment changes. I think that for a lot of our clients and new households, the environment feels a little bit better, and they're generating a little bit more wealth. Their bonuses may be a little bit bigger at work than they were back in '08, '09 and '10. And we're the beneficiary of that just like we suffered along with them as they experienced more financial challenges in their personal lives.
Walter W. Bettinger: Well, let me just first step back and cover the strategy of how we view cash at the bank. The predominance of cash that we have at the bank and that we would like to have at the bank is yield inelastic. In other words, it's sweep balances that clients expect to deploy within a reasonably short period of time into investment vehicles. And therefore, it is highly yield inelastic, and therefore, we're able to capture a fairly meaningful level of spread. To the extent clients are in money market funds as a cash investment strategy, and therefore, are presumably more yield sensitive, I don't think that we would be anxious to move that cash over into a balance sheet-oriented product like at the bank, where our spreads and of course, therefore, our returns, as Joe was just referencing, would be diminished. And so I think our expectation is, and I don't mean to make the answer too complex, but it is a little bit of a complex answer, Brian, that to the extent yield inelastic cash balances were affected by changes in money market regulation, I could envision that money potentially being money we would like to move to the bank. To the extent yield elastic or yield-sensitive cash balances were affected by money market fund regulation, I would not expect that we would want to move that to the bank. So if you get regulatory change that, for example, impacts prime money funds, which seems to be, if we were to get it, and it were to survive all the comments, the debate and maybe even litigation, it would seem most likely that prime money fund assets, at least in our business model, would head toward maybe a [indiscernible] type of money market fund as opposed to the balance sheet.
Walter W. Bettinger: We do, and that's exactly right. We're not under a model where we're trying to force clients who are yield-sensitive into a lower-yielding bank product simply because it generates more revenue for us. Again, just like my answer on the advisory solutions, our strategies at the highest level all revolve around what's in the best interest of the client, and we've only utilized the bank as a monetization tool with respect to yield inelastic balances.
Walter W. Bettinger: So let me take the second one first on the 401(k). I don't know that we're, at this point, going to say that it will be materially contributing by '13 or '14, although it is possible. It's so early; it's a little hard to tell. And again, we're only in the market right now with our mutual fund version of Schwab Index Advantage. The ETF version will be coming out, and there's a lot of demand that we are hearing from sponsors for the ETF version. A lot saying, I love this concept, I'm really interested, I think it's brilliant the way that you figured out how to handle things like fractional shares and address the, I would say, not realistic concerns around intraday trading with our ability to deal with free-riding issues. They are very interested, but they want to wait until we have the ETF version. So it's just a little hard to say, but I do think, in time, without putting a time constraint around it, it will have a meaningful impact in terms of our net new assets. And now that I've answered the second one first...
Walter W. Bettinger: So yes, on net new assets, all we tried to do is show you math. We did not give you projections of anything that we believe around execution outcomes. In fact, we tried to clearly exclude those things to just show you math on that projection. Our viewpoint is still that through the cycle, we believe that we will average somewhere between 8% and 10% on net new assets through the cycle. Obviously, this part of the cycle has been a quite lengthy one and still appears to have some unfortunate legs to it. But it was not a -- it's not a projection or an estimate. We just tried to do simple math and make it as easy to understand as possible without us changing a bunch of levers in the different illustrations we showed you.
Walter W. Bettinger: I think then on the retail side, the conversion of assets to advisory is fairly steady. Now you do see periodic pickups when the market does well. And you may see it slow a bit during more difficult market environments. But things have been so volatile, Jeff, for so long, it's really hard to draw parallels between that. So I would categorize it as fairly steady. Now we have seen a bit of a shift in where that money goes. We've had a lot of interest, for example, in Windhaven. I think we included in one of the slides the fairly rapid growth in Windhaven and the success there. So you've had a little bit of a shift in where it goes from an advisory standpoint. But I think the overall rate is fairly steady. Now in the advisory business, asset mixes continue to trend, I'd say, at a modest rate, but a fairly steady rate toward lower expense investment vehicles. So more ETFs, more index-oriented products, more passive management, things along those lines that generate probably less revenue than certainly, I'd say, 10 years ago. That trend is steady. Although again, we're talking big numbers. That's $800-ish billion, $700 billion to $800-ish billion. And so those changes occur fairly modestly over time, but I think it is steady.
Walter W. Bettinger: I don't think we've seen a significant change. I mean, advisors have been -- maybe they've done, I'd say, a fairly good job of getting into the markets and staying in the markets. So their cash weightings tended to go down faster, and they've maybe caught a bit more of the upswing in the market. The only thing I'm hesitant a little bit in saying that is, we've continued to build out our cash solutions for our retail clients, like high-yield checking and things like that. And of course, we don't tend to enroll clients of advisors in that. And so even though retail cash weighting is higher than advisor, I don't know that it's necessarily because their investment cash is higher as opposed to we're just deeper into their cash wallet. But advisors, I think, if I were to look at it on average and over a longer period of time, have done a fairly effective job of ensuring their clients were fully invested and able to catch market upswings.
Walter W. Bettinger: I think, Chris, what we've seen is, it's not so much an objection. They're just -- it requires a bit of time to understand it because it is so different than what has been the "industry norm" for so long. So most people would say, target funds are better than just giving someone a lineup of 25 funds and saying make your own portfolio, right? I mean, that's probably a fair conclusion. But they're not near as attractive as if you can have customized advice for every person, takes into account not just age, but risk tolerance, outside assets, spouse or partner situation. All the information a client's willing to share can be built into it. It's just that those kind of things haven't been available at a reasonable enough price point to make them practical for broad swatches of the population in general. So I mean, that's an example. What we have found is that the sales cycle is longer than traditional marketing of these type of solutions because you are, in effect, educating an entire committee about something that is vastly different. But what we haven't seen is after they've gone through that education, people say, "Well, this doesn't make sense." What we've seen them say is, "Why wouldn't I do this? Lower risk for me as a fiduciary, lower cost for my participants who are self-directed, lower cost for my participants who want professional help and that professional help is more customized, why wouldn't I do this, what am I missing?"
Walter W. Bettinger: Well, we just have a very small sample set, right, because of where we've been opened. But I think the early sample set, without giving away too much metric because it'd be almost describing 1 or 2 branches, right? And that might be uncomfortable for our franchise partners there. So the early results are very strong results in a matter of months that may have been anticipated to take an entire year. So we're very encouraged with what is happening with the franchise we have out. Now again, in fairness, we are being very careful and selective as we put our pioneers into these positions. So we're not signing up people that we don't have great confidence will be quite successful. The Schwab model is very unique and different. When you speak to someone who may have been in the business for, say, 10 years and has built up, pick a number, $25 million in assets, it sounds on initial blush to them, how could I do $10 million of net new assets a year when I've taken 10 years to do $25 million? But of course, with our brand and our product set and solutions and our penetrations, that number is, we think, quite attainable, and I think the results will show that and are already showing that. But there is a process by which a candidate needs to realize that they're not playing the same game they were playing before. This is a whole new ball game when you're a franchise with Schwab.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Yes, I've got to admit, I don't know the details on that. I do know that we've carried our -- all the troubled debt restructurings inside of our nonaccrual numbers for 12 months until we've cleared that 12 month barrier. I'd have to go back and check explicitly on whether we did that for seconds that are tied to firsts. But I can tell you that performance on the seconds portfolio continues to be even better than the first portfolio. So I don't think it's a big issue. My guess is that we've adopted the guidance, but I'd need to confirm that.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Sure. So on the transition, this is, as I've said before, going to be a long-term cycle here until if and when we see the rules actually converge. So at some point in the future, my guess is we will see the treatment of thrift holding companies converge with bank holding companies, and we'll be all brought into one big bucket of financial institutions. But until that occurs, we'll continue to work with our regulators to make sure that they understand what we're doing and try to navigate those waters. But I don't expect to see even when that convergence of regulation happens substantial changes in our business as a result of that. The bottom line is, we're not brought into the SIFI bucket today, and it doesn't look like from the rules that have been proposed that we'll be brought into the non-bank SIFI bucket. But at some point, if those rules do converge, there is a potential that we could get pulled in as a bank if that's what happens. It looks like at this point, the biggest risk of that versus everything else that we're already trying to make changes around internally to come into compliance with the way the Fed would like to see things versus how the OTS like to see things would be a potential for getting some additional capital surcharge related to being over $50 billion. But I'd point out to people, we're not a large trading company, we're not a large international company. I would expect that we'll fall at the lower end of any capital surcharge that would be introduced. And with that, because the capital surcharges all go against the risk-adjusted numbers, our risk-adjusted numbers are so far in excess of any regulatory minimum that it's hard to see where that's going to have any impact at all in how we operate the company. From a money fund perspective, I don't know that we've got a whole lot more to add than what's already out in the popular press. I think we, like everybody, are waiting to see if and when a rule actually gets proposed. I would expect that there's going to be a fairly long comment period with a lot of comments that'll be entered. We obviously have some perspectives on the strength of the money funds and the changes that have already been made to 2a-7 and the strengthening of the liquidity positions and the credit positions in those funds. We believe today, having watched them come through the crisis of last summer, that those funds are in substantially better positions than they were in, in the beginning of the financial crisis, and we're hoping that, that's going to be factored into any thinking around rulemaking that ultimately gets promulgated.
Joseph R. Martinetto: So if you go back to precrisis levels of returns at the bank, we were well into the mid to high 20s in terms of return on capital. The only thing that's really changed in terms of the dynamic of the capital returns at the bank and what we see as a more normalized rate environment would be the fact that right now, the leverage ratio target is at 7.5% versus the old 6% target. So if we stay at a 7.5% target, that'll obviously have an impact, but there's even then, no reason to believe that we couldn't be around a 20% return on capital at the bank. There is some hope. I think the regulators have been kind enough to give us a guideline now to follow in terms of how to engage in a conversation with them around capital levels and a lot of that depends on running stress tests. And those of you who understand the structure of our bank could probably do this work on the back of the envelope and be pretty accurate. The risk components at the back are pretty small and self-contained. So as we run the bank through stress tests, it looks like we've got not just an adequate level of capital, but to us an excess level of capital. So we're hoping to engage with the OCC on a conversation around that 7.5% target to see if we can maybe whittle that down some going forward. But even without that, I would expect the bank is still going to be accretive for us toward returns on capital across the company.
