Walt Bettinger: Thanks, Mike. I think our view is really the same that we like our pricing position right now. And at the same time, as I've indicated in the past, we are committed to the idea that we will not have core competitors who go underneath us from a pricing standpoint in important areas. And so we’re pleased with our position right now. I don’t believe that pricing is a barrier to clients or prospects coming to Schwab. I think the metrics bear that out. And at the same time, as you would expect, we monitor on an ongoing and very regular basis whether any competitor – core competitor makes changes that are things that we feel would change that current dynamic.
Walt Bettinger: Rich, I think our philosophy on M&A is consistent, which is we look at every opportunity that may present itself. We do have a fairly high threshold for serious consideration. And often, it revolves around strategic capabilities that help clients. Acquisitions that are pure balance sheet oriented or financial engineering oriented, and I’m not sure that that’s what you’re referring to, but those types of acquisitions probably fall pretty far down the list in terms of things that we would give serious consideration to.
Walt Bettinger: Yes. So I think it’s – I mean, there’s a question of the relevancy of fee free. The difference between 2 or 3 basis points and zero is pretty small. That said, we know that there’s at least one competitor with a "free or at least zero operating expense ratio fund" out there. And we’ll continue to study it and watch carefully how clients feel about something that is categorized as free. We all know that every company that is for-profit is in the business of serving clients in the best way they can and making money. And so we are very careful in studying how clients feel about that in the day and age we operate in and of transparency and clarity with clients.
Walt Bettinger: Yes. Interesting there, Devin, and good question. I guess, first thing I would say is I don't know that it's being overlooked when you look at the flows that are occurring as well as the competitive position we have on TOAs. I think the consumer understands that there is nothing free. If it's free trading, it's being made up probably somewhere execution quality or other factors. Free investment funds might be being made up, sort of the typical grocery discount, the milk to some more bread-type thing. And even on our side where we offer intelligent portfolios without an investment advisory fee, we're very clear on all our disclosures that we generate revenue from some of the underlying exchange traded funds as well as the cash holding within those portfolios that that's the way that we generate revenue in the program that doesn't have advisory fees. I think consumers are pretty sophisticated for the most part. That's not to say every consumer. But consumers, for the most part, are pretty sophisticated in understanding that they're going to pay for things one way or another. It's a matter of how they choose to do so. And I think our organic growth results are a reflection that we're at a pretty nice point in terms of finding the right balances here.
Walt Bettinger: Yes. I don't know that I'd categorize anything that has occurred over the summer from any firms as really disruptive. I think whether it is pricing on funds or pricing on trading, trading with a zero trade cost or a temporary number of free trades for new clients or free trades for a year or if you maintain a certain amount of cash balances, you get free trades, I mean, that's been in our industry for years. So I don't know that I'd categorize anything that I've seen as disruptive. I don't really comment on individual competitors. We have respect for all of our competitors and pay close attention to everyone, small and large.
Walt Bettinger: Well, since we know there's no competitors on the phone, I can answer that directly. But I think the moves that we made in early 2017, we were removing a barrier to people coming to Schwab. When we had core competitors consistently priced underneath our commission rate, that was a barrier because we know that switchers in our industry struggle at the outset of a decision where to move their money to, and so the differentiation between firms. So therefore, they often default something as simplistic as commission rates. So I think the organic – the step-up in organic growth rate that you're referring to after the commission price changes in early 2017 was more a reflection of us just simply removing that barrier. I think everyone in the industry will probably look long and hard at additional pricing moves as to whether others will simply match and ensure that no gap is created again in the future, and therefore, have to evaluate whether there is market share gains to be achieved by that, whether that's us or anyone we compete with.
Walt Bettinger: That's always been an area of competition, Vincent, where incentives are offered to new clients around possible cash or free trades. It's certainly not something that we necessarily like because it's not an ideal way to build a long-term relationship with a client. Unfortunately, I would say, in some ways, promotions like that work. And so therefore, as long as they are commonly utilized in the industry, it's difficult to take a hard stand that we're not going to have similar types of promotional offers. But they are inconsistent with our long-term approach of building trust-based relationships with clients.
Walt Bettinger: So good question, Jeremy. The adviser probably is more diligent at moving longer-term cash into higher-yielding investments, whether it be purchased money funds, bonds, treasuries, things of that nature. But the reality is advisers need liquid cash also. And in general, it has averaged somewhere around half of the overall client cash balances that are as hold. They need it for everything, from transactions they have going on. Their clients are spending some of the money they have, of course, particularly those who are retired or close to retirement. They need it for the collection of their own advisory fees. So the notion that, that 50-50 type ratio is either broken down or no longer applicable is just simply not correct. That ratio is generally holding true.
Walt Bettinger: Yes. So I mean, time will tell, of course, right? But it isn’t easy in our industry to move, I would say, into what we consider that core competitor group because there’s a very small number of investment firms that really serve $1 trillion or more of client assets. There’s certainly large organizations or large institutions that would like to get into that core competitor space that may have a lot of other assets. But to really move into that grouping and investment services is a pretty high hurdle. And so that group of core competitors probably doesn’t change very often.
Peter Crawford: Sure. So thanks, Mike. So driving down EOCA, expense on client assets, as Walt mentioned, is a really important imperative for us and something we have a track record of having done for many decades now. And the way that you do that is really three things. One is you grow assets, allowing you to amortize your fixed costs over a larger client base. Second is you operate with discipline and prioritization. And third is you make investments on an ongoing basis that improve the productivity and efficiency and/or move friction. I think a couple of things that Walt highlighted earlier are some of the big initiatives that I’m very excited about in terms of what they can do in terms of continuing to reduce cost, while at the same time, improving the experience for our clients because what we don’t want to do is remove cost at the expense of our clients. But I’d highlight something like our digital transformation, which I don’t use that word, that transformation word lightly. I do think that can be a transformation. When you consider the number of calls, for example, that we take every year that are password resets or status updates, if we can eliminate the need for clients to have to call for that or allow them to do that on their mobile device, on schwab.com, eliminate that call, that’s better for the client and it’s better for us as well because that’s a call we don’t have to take. We can use that time talking to them about something else. Application modernization creates a more scalable infrastructure and a lower cost infrastructure over time. We’re doing a lot of work on business process transformation, straight-through processing in our operations area. There’s a lot of technology now that we are leveraging to try to remove friction and, again, lower the cost to serving clients but in a way that has ended up being good for the clients as well.
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks for the question, Rich. And let me maybe just take a step back and provide a little more perspective on what’s going on with the balance sheet and cash dynamics because I know it’s been the subject of a lot of questions and a lot of commentary and say that what’s been happening, what’s been unfolding this year in 2018 is very much consistent with our expectations. If you go back to our February business update, we talked about we expected at least 15% balance sheet growth over the course of 2018. And we did that contemplating only a single Fed increase and relatively modest market appreciation. And of course, the year has unfolded a bit differently than that with three, – nearly four rate increases and the equity markets being pretty much a straight line up from March through the end of September. So a very, I would say, conducive environment for investors to get invested, to be engaged in the market. And despite all that, we’re at 12% balance sheet growth through the third quarter. We’ll have to see what happens in the fourth quarter, but we’re pretty close to those assumptions that we had, those expectations we communicated back in February. What’s really important to us is to make sure that, that cash is staying at Schwab. And we’re seeing that. We’re seeing that on our net new assets. We’re seeing that in our transfers to and from some of the online banks that are out there. And that maybe is a bit different than what you might see in a traditional bank where they don’t really have another place for that cash. And what’s happening here is a couple of things. One is clients are reassessing their asset allocation in light of what they’re seeing happening in the market. And second is there’s sort of a sorting process going on where clients are sorting their investment versus transaction cash. Over the last 10 years, those have gotten kind of co-mingled and now putting those into different buckets, and for the transaction cash, leaving that on the balance sheet; and for the investment cash, putting that to work. This is something we absolutely want them to do. We actually do a lot of things to help them do that. While that may be less economic for us in the short term, having an engaged client, an informed client, an invested client, a client that is putting their money to work, improves the odds of their success, and that’s a client that we’re going to keep for their lifetime. So this is something we’re encouraging. We reach out to those clients in multiple ways to help make that happen. So this can take – we’ll see – at some point, these cash balances will settle out if you look at history and recent equilibrium, and then they should grow consistent with our growth in total client assets and our growth in accounts. And that’s where our strength is as a premier asset gatherer – the premier asset gatherer, the asset-gathering machine that Walt talked about and others have talked about should translate into growth in the balance sheet. 1I’d tell you just one other point, which is that to the extent that investors are choosing to move off balance sheet with their cash, that frees up capital. And that’s capital that creates capacity for us to do more capital returns to our stockholders. And so more balance sheet growth means probably a little bit less in capital return. Less balance sheet growth means more opportunities for capital return, allowing us to reward our shareholders or our stockholders one way or the other.
Peter Crawford: So Devin, I know there's probably a lot of eagerness to talk about 2019 in more detail. And I would say, we'll talk about that in more detail at the winter business update in February. And I do want to clarify, make sure it's clear what I said. What I was talking about was not necessarily a spending cut, but a moderation in the increase in our spending levels versus if you look at the last three years, our spending – our annual increase in expenses has been sort of 11-ish percent. I'm talking about there's a likely moderation of that level heading into – we're looking at it heading into 2019. But again, in terms of the exact – how that might flex or not flex with the environment, as we talked about back in this last February, I'll have tell you – you ought to show up in San Francisco in February to get more details on that.
Peter Crawford: Sure. So first, on the timing, our expectation is that we'll probably do about a few billion dollars of transfers in October and then likely pause in November and December just given the end of the year volumes and our client activity until early 2019. In terms of the process, it's a process that is – we definitely try to engage those clients in a conversation. It has proven to be, with many of our clients, a really good catalyst to have a conversation with them about their – about why they have that cash, how they're invested, what their financial goals are and so forth. We do written communications to them that are very transparent and upfront about their alternatives, about what's happening to them and about the alternatives if they are seeking higher yield. And then if they're working on the retail side, they're working with the financial consultants, the financial consultant will try to reach out to them and talk to them about – having a live conversation with them about that as well. On the adviser side of the business, of course, we don't talk to the end clients there, but we do talk to the advisers about it and make sure they understand what's happening. And typically, with the advisers, we typically try to move all the advisers account at the same time from an operational standpoint so – to make it easier for them.
Peter Crawford: So it's not like it – yes, it's not like we contacted them just a day ahead of the transfer. It is a process. We talk to them ahead of the transfer as the transfer is happening, and then many of these clients we're talking with on an ongoing basis as well just as part of the overall relationship with the client.
Peter Crawford: No, it's really too early to tell. I mean, we see – when the markets sell off in that day, we typically see clients moving their cash. And then the market’s rally and they get invested again. So it’s really too early to tell. What we’ve typically seen in the past is it takes a bit more of a pronounced market sell-off, sort of a 10% kind of correction that really compels clients to rethink their asset allocation and move in a more significant way into cash.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So we have nothing that suggest that, that won’t hold up in the future. It may take us a bit of time to get to that equilibrium state, if you will, but that has been historically the ratio. And I don’t think there’s anything to suggest that it won’t be the same this time around.
Peter Crawford: So I mean the catalyst for stronger balance sheet growth is growth in our core business. It’s growth in our assets. It’s bringing on accounts. It’s bringing on new assets, bringing on new clients. That, over the long term, that is what we believe, and history would suggest that, that is what drives balance sheet growth. And those two tend to move concurrently. In terms of the near term, how that evolves over the next months, quarters, I think time will tell. As I mentioned, we see an equity market correction. In the past, it’s been sort of in the 10% range. That tends to be the kind of thing that moves clients more heavily into cash. I want to make sure I emphasize a little bit, the rate increases – Fed increases are still a meaningful positive for us. There’s still a meaningful revenue lift associated with each subsequent Fed increase. The lift may be a bit less than what that number we communicated two, three years ago, but it’s still quite meaningful. And so we’d certainly view that as a positive.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So it’s a great question and one we get a lot and certainly one I think about quite often. And the short answer is, no, we don’t have to rethink those targets because those targets themselves build in cushion. I mean, as you know, those are well above the regulatory minimums, and they’re actually well above our internal limit that we have for our capital levels. Even operating at that 7%, even going down to 6.75% would allow us to – obviously to add another, what, with our company four percentage points in balances. We also have the opportunity to access the preferred market. We target 15% to 20% preferred to total capital. We’ve been running at the lower end of that range. We could bump that up closer to that 20% level in an environment where we needed to have more capital. And then we have a mechanism. If we see a significant market correction and a huge lot of cash onto the balance sheet, we do have kind of a release valve that essentially will allow us to move some of that cash back on into money funds. And again, that’s something we’ll only do in an emergency situation, but that allows us to manage that – at that 6.75% to 7% level.
Peter Crawford: So I do think – I think in terms of long- term growth rate, the business is going to be dependent on organic growth rate. We’re growing organically at 7% as well as continuing to find ways to monetize the relationship with our clients. I mean, it's not like net interest revenue is the only way that we monetize those client relationships. If you look at the graph that was in the business update, the proportion of our revenue that comes from asset management fees, ex money funds, has actually gone up. I think there's a lot of opportunity within the advice opportunity and as an example. So we believe there's definitely meaningful ways to grow revenue, keep – maintain our discipline and grow expenses at a lower level than revenue, which allows us to grow earnings; and through continued ongoing capital return, drive very attractive returns for our shareholders over time even in an environment that might be characterized by flat interest rates and sort of the typical long-term equity market appreciation.
Peter Crawford: So, it's really around a lot of – basically, it's around what works. The wonderful thing about marketing, four, five years ago, if the CMO, Chief Marketing Officer, came to me and said, he wants another million dollars, I'd have to sort of take it on face that, that was actually going to have a good ROI. Nowadays, we have a lot of analytics that show that, that is a very positive NPV, high IRR investment. And we're able to very much target the marketing to the channels, the messages and the audience that we want to make sure we maximize that lift, if you will, and maximize that payback for it. So it really is around what works. There's a lot of heavy focus on digital since that's worked very, very well. That's an increasing portion of our overall marketing mix. But it's not necessarily a particular product or a particular channel or anything like that.
Peter Crawford: Yes. Maybe just to add, and Rich asked a little bit about duration and our asset/liability management and why we've changed that at all. And all I'd say is we're not in a business that would try to make a market call and time the market around what's happening with interest rates or the expectations around interest rates. What I could see us doing at some point, once sort of this whole cash settles out and we get to kind of an equilibrium is taking a look at the duration profile of Bank Sweep and think what that looks like and maybe that's an opportunity to extend duration or to adjust our profile a bit on the margin. But in terms of actively managing that through the cycle, I don't think that's something that we're going to be looking too hard at.
Peter Crawford: So, Bill, I wouldn't infer that necessarily. I wouldn't make any statements or any – draw any conclusions around what that means from a revenue growth standpoint. We're still working on that. As I mentioned, there's still a lot in flux. We tend to set our plan in January and get it approved by the board in January and then share it with you in February. And there's a lot that changes between now and then. So we'll be coming back with you in more detail around what that looks like. And I hate to have to tell you to hold tight for a couple of months, but I'm afraid that's where we are.
Peter Crawford: So, yes, the priority is from my capital management standpoint are to use capital to fund and support the growth, the core business. That is our top priority from a capital standpoint. Always has been and will continue to be that way. To the extent that we have capital left over, that's when we look to return that to stockholders. This doesn't suggest any difference from an M&A strategy. It's not like we've got money burning a hole in our pocket and then we're saying let's go buy something. We've got nothing else to do with it. We are still – we'll maintain our discipline, our very, very selective approach to M&A and thinking about whether it's good strategically, as it's financially and so forth.
Peter Crawford: Sorry, that’s correct. I mean we’re looking at all of those and taking a look at all of those methods of capital return and figure out the exact optimal mix, and that's what we’re talking about with the board.
Peter Crawford: Great. Well, thanks everyone, for your time today, and I appreciate your questions and we appreciate you tuning in. And I know there's been certainly a lot of – a number of questions about the balance sheet and cash and so forth. And rest assured, these are the dynamics that we're following, and we're quite confident they will sort themselves out over time. And hopefully, what you'll see as they do is that this is a company that has never performed better. Our strategy is working exactly as intended, producing really strong business momentum and really strong financial results. That our competitive position has never been better, as indicated by the transfer, or the TOA ratio, that Walt talked about and our ability to continue to widen the moat and build on our competitive advantages. And we have a lot of opportunity in front of us. There's still a lot of clients out there that will be a lot better of – a lot of investors, I should say, out there, which would be a lot better off working with Schwab. And the capital return will be an increasingly important part of the financial equation and something we'll be talking about soon. So we look forward to see you all in person, hopefully, in February and sharing more details on 2019. And until then, thanks very much.
