Joseph R. Martinetto: I'll cover that one first. So there seems to be a little bit of confusion around how all of that's going to work. But it doesn't look like there's any limitation for standardized approach banks to be precluded from being able to make that election. So at this point, we're not aware of anything that would impact our ability to make that choice. On the bulk transfers, so I would say where we are at this point is we are pretty fully implemented against our strategies. So the various enrollment rules have been in place for a while. I think we've gone through pretty much every bucket of cash and tried to get people where we would expect them to be. These are really a couple of cleanup tranches, the $1 billion coming out of the money funds is -- it's a relatively small number. And quite frankly, if we didn't have the money coming out of the brokerage, we might not have been talking about it at all. So I think you might see something in that order as we look to people that no longer qualifies for a sweep and roll them on the balance sheet as a kind of regular course of business. The movement from the broker to the bank was a largely similar activity. I think we had a few additional registrations that we were able to identify that would qualified for the bank. But to be honest, versus today's existing criteria, we're pretty fully implemented. So I would think that you're going to see things that look more like the smaller numbers moving forward. That said, there's always an opportunity as we have some fairly large amounts of cash that sit across the balance sheet and off the balance sheet. And if we got into a window where we had a substantial level of capital generation, we might look at it and revise those criteria. And so you might see bigger chunks of money moving around. But I'd say today, we don't have any plans to make those changes in the near term. Got one from the web.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Yes. So a couple of things. One is, when you get the immediate left, but then over time, you're still getting some cash flows coming in off the portfolio from bonds that have coupons that are higher than where you're investing a 100 basis points from here. So there is a little bit of continue downward pressure if all you get is 100 basis points. So we showed that on the chart. I don't think there's anything inconsistent in what we've shown in terms of the net interest margin lift versus the prior guidance from around the 60 basis points. One, I think there's a little bit of imprecision with the construction of charts and how they get viewed. Beyond that, I think that there's a lot of assumptions that roll in, and that 60 basis points has incorporated some of our expectations for growth and some additional movements and flexibility around how do we get cash reinvested. So I'd remind you that this is a static point of view, and we've never really talked about just a plain static point of view before.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Yes, so we haven't committed to the levels of revenue growth, but I think we have talked about it in a scenario where we get relative stability in interest rates and a fairly modest level of market appreciation. So we're not getting a lot of lift out of the overall market and basically just a roll forward of our existing products and strategies. So not looking to enhance any of the revenue delivery dynamics. We might be able to do a little bit better than that on the revenue side. But if you just do the math on that, it leaves you kind of in high single digits and that's, I think, consistent with that kind of expense guidance.
Joseph R. Martinetto: No, it does not. We've said multiple times to the extent that we start to pick up incremental revenue from higher interest rates, we would expect to drop a vast majority of that to the bottom line. We would look at the incremental margin to be at least 75%. So the leverage would definitely be growing in periods where we were getting the lift in revenues driven by interest rates because higher interest rates really drives very little in the way of expenses. Anyone else in the room? You can probably go all day.
Joseph R. Martinetto: So there are some trade-offs that end up happening in our projections. I will net it out at first and then talk about the detail a little bit. We would expect the balance sheet to probably remain relatively stable, but that's going to be the net of money going into the market and new clients bringing cash into the firm. All of our modeling would say, basically because we have predominantly isolated the cash on the balance sheet to the retail client base, that we wouldn't expect to see really large outsized outflows in a short period of time. So the better environment might push people to be more aggressive on investing. It is also likely to start to ramp up our retail acquisition and cash flow related to new clients coming in. And those 2 factors tend to offset. So we don't think we will see a dramatic reduction in our balance sheet if that scenario occurs, but you might get a protracted period of basically kind of sideways levels of the balance sheet.
Joseph R. Martinetto: I'm going to sound like a broken record on this. We would expect the overall balance sheet to be growing in line with our pace of client acquisition. So to the extent that we are pretty much fully implemented on our strategies, you shouldn't see big movements of money onto the balance sheet from off balance sheet. And so to the extent that the client cash is a relatively consistent percentage of their total client assets with us, as we drive additional acquisition, a percentage of that acquisition will come in, in the form of cash. And that cash should be growing at a pace that's relatively consistent with our overall acquisition rates. We're going around, just to make sure. I think you and I are having a dialogue here for a while.
Joseph R. Martinetto: I don't think anything has changed in the competitive environment that would lead us to believe that we will not be able to achieve the same kind of product dynamics in the future that we have in the past. That said, I don't think we are completely done with our analysis of the changes in the rules and what impacts that might have. It is likely that we will see some resulting pressure from that, although we think it's going to be pretty small. But it's -- again, we're still working through it. It was a pretty big pronouncement. We're trying to figure out exactly how all the pieces fit together. But I think -- it's our belief at this point that we would expect to recover the bulk of the economics consistent with what we've seen in the past. Okay. So that, I will be around so I can -- if you have additional questions, I can catch you at the break or around lunch or even afterwards. But at this point, I am going to turn it over to my esteemed colleague, Nigel Murtagh, to talk about all things risk.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Thank you, Bernie. So the beauty of the Internet is you get to read your reviews during the course of the day and top up anything where you might have been a little bit wrong as you get to the close session. So nice to be able to have that opportunity. So let me attempt to, in very clear and unambiguous terms, tell you what I'm hoping you're taking away from the day. First, nothing we said was intended to talk down expectations. What we were looking to do was make sure that your expectations and our expectations stay aligned as we take advantage of an environment where the financial headwinds are definitely starting to abate. So it's making sure that we stay in sync and one side doesn't run away from the other. But it wasn't a talking down of expectations. Second, we're winning in the marketplace. We continue to take share. How are we doing that? We have a set of strategies that are already developed, things that we have been working on in some cases for many years they're working in a marketplace and we are delivering on share growth and continuing to grow the franchise. It's a little bit frustrating, in fact, it is really frustrating that some folks continue to look at the comparison of Q2 versus Q2 last year, focusing on the headline GAAP number. We had a one-time gain in the second quarter of last year that was truly a one-timer. It was related to the settlement of a vendor dispute. It wasn't a trading book or investment banking benefit, it's not a business line that we're in. You really need to strip it out when you look at comparisons on the financials and focus on the fact that while GAAP was down 7%, earnings were up 11%. We're putting up better financial numbers, and we are not disappointed with what we did in the second quarter. In fact, we're pretty pleased and think they're strong results. We're poised to be able to continue to deliver better results from here as the financial leverage and the model should become more and more clear as we continue to work our way out of this environment. And we're prepared to deliver substantially better financial results as we see interest rates start to move up. I thank you for your time and attention. I hope everybody has a great weekend.
Nigel J. Murtagh: So I have to count up the numbers, I don't know if Joe knows, because the stress testing team is really spread across 3 areas. So our financial reporting group that does standard income forecasting has a component of it. My team have about 100 people in total. Not all of them work on stress testing, but some of them work on the credit stress testing, some the market risk, some the operational risk. And then the treasury team participates a lot in the liquidity stress testing and what the ultimate capital measures would mean. So I can't give you a number in terms of the people that do it. We started -- we've always done different versions of stress testing. We really started formally 2 years ago, even though we've not been subject to the regulatory guidelines, running the types of macroeconomic scenarios that the Fed has published and presenting that to the Board of Directors. So 2 years ago, last year; we'll do it again this year. As best as we can tell, it would be next year, 2014, with disclosures potentially in 2015 when we'd actually become subject to the regulation and have to do the disclosures.
Nigel J. Murtagh: That's the classic risk management question that keeps you up at night kind of question. Two to 3, well, let me sort of work through some things that we can control and then things that we don't always control. And so things you can't always control or can't control as well that probably concern me the most. So when we're making these investments, we have more control over what we want to invest in and we can manage what the downside exposure will be. The same with interest rate risk management. Joe talked about it. We can do assessment of what would occur at Schwab. So those are easier to control. And as a result, they don't concern me quite as much. That things that concern you are things that you have less control over. So certainly, regulatory risk is one of them. We maintain this relatively conservative stance, keeping capital levels for us where they are is important to that. If you have regulatory mandates to raise your capital levels, then you may have to raise your risk profile to generate an adequate return. You can't control that from the outside so that concerns you. Operational risk that you can't control quite as well whether they're natural disasters, Superstorm Sandy that closes down the markets, cyber attacks. Those things are little harder to control because they're external to the firm and so they tend to worry me more whether or not we've done everything we can do that's reasonable in terms of managing those risks.
Nigel J. Murtagh: Yes, so the way we do we look at the capital levels and what's required is through the stress testing that I talked about. So our goal is to have sufficient capital that in an extreme downturn, we are still going to have a cushion to the regulatory minimums. And so when we look at 7.5% and we did those stress tests, it still left a huge cushion. Certainly, we could get down to 6.25%, 6%. And given the quality of the way we manage our balance sheet, we're able to absorb those significant downturns and still have a cushion to the regulatory minimums. That's the process that we go through on a regular basis. To assess it, we set scenarios in the first quarter. In the mid-year, we run mid-year stress tests, report those to the Board of Directors. Third quarter, we come back, additional scenarios that we'll talk about with the board. And then the fourth quarter and then January, bring those stress tests back. So it's a constant process of looping through and understanding whether you have adequate capital to mitigate those downside risks.
Nigel J. Murtagh: Okay. If there's not anymore, then I stand between you and a break. I appreciate the time to speak with you today. And I think we're going to take about 10 minutes. All right. Thank you. [Break]
Walter W. Bettinger: I think to drive that number from 17 up to potentially double it, it's a combination of both. I believe the majority of that will come from existing clients. But we do think that there is an opportunity to contribute to that growth rate from the acquisition of clients who might be today at one of the wirehouse firms. Again, I think John and Andy will probably talk about a little bit more in depth. But it's I'd say a combination of both, but principally from existing clients. Again, you think about our model, we're better known today for delivering advisory services than we were a handful of years ago, but still, the vast majority of people think of Schwab today if you just go out in the street, on the retail side more as a self-directed firm. So often, they come to Schwab and then become exposed and aware of the broad range of capabilities that we have, which is why the existing client part will often drive it. Now sometimes the window is very short. So by that, I mean, they'll come to Schwab, say, from a wirehouse thinking that they're going to do more self-directed investing, not really aware of our capabilities, but within the first couple of months, they'll become exposed to those through their financial consultant. And then fairly quickly enroll into an advisory solution. So the line is a little bit blurred, but I think the majority comes from existing clients.
Walter W. Bettinger: I'm going to get the name wrong, I'm sure, was it Willie Sutton or something who talked about why'd he rob banks, because that's where the money was -- no, is that who it was? For our growth, it's going to need to occur from where the money is today, which means a lot of acquisition from the wirehouse firms that have a significant amount of the assets today. And we see that in our net TOA results in both our advisor business and our retail business. So I think that's really where the assets are and where we're targeting for much of our growth in both those major segments. Chelsea, I see your hand waving.
Walter W. Bettinger: Yes. In other words, the real question is are you somehow moving off projections that you had previously anticipated based on higher rates by 2018, right? That's really the question. We're not moving off anything. It's just the assumptions used in that.
Walter W. Bettinger: So it's an interesting question. Let me first say what it's not and then there can be some examples of where it can be used competitively. We're not interested within the bank is using it as a means to compete based on yield. That is not what our bank is there for. So we are not interested in being in the money changing business where we chase deposits or clients or assets that are yield sensitive. Are there opportunities without being yield sensitive to use it as a lever? Yes, there are. So for example, our pledged asset loans are an opportunity for us for growth. And we think about our advisors that we serve and all of their clients. It's a natural for virtually every one of their clients to have a pledged asset loan. If that client wants access, these affluent clients served by advisers wants access to money to purchase something. The advisor doesn't want them to sell their investments, we're not necessarily anxious for that and the client often doesn't want to either, the client wants access to rapid liquidity and so pledged asset loan is a huge opportunity. Again it's up about, I believe, about 50% year-over-year. Of course, our margin balances are also up about 8% year-over-year. But pledged asset line is an example. So in areas where we can utilize the bank to further our organic growth and take share without doing so, by playing, chasing money based on yield, we'll take advantage of those opportunities. Go ahead Chelsea, you're on a roll. You're on a better roll if you have the answers too.
Walter W. Bettinger: Yes, the competitive environment doesn't change quarter by quarter, I would say, to a great extent. The wirehouse firms have great representatives and they build deep trusting relationships with their clients to a great extent. And they will always be a wonderful competitor as a result. That's good, that challenges us. It makes us get better in order to keep growing and taking share. So I have tremendous respect for them and maybe even more respect for their registered representatives who build these relationships with clients. In terms of the discount side, very, very small implications for us, not a lot of money movement back and forth in terms of share gains, wins, loss or anything like that. That's really not where the money is, as you may recall from the slide I had up there. So although they're there, they're not meaningful in terms of where we're going as a company and not meaningful in terms of the type of clients that we're pursuing relative to the ones that they pursue. Questions in the room? Chelsea -- oh, here's one right here. Here we go.
Walter W. Bettinger: Sure. So what we're seeing with ETFs is not that ETFs are cannibalizing OneSource mutual fund or those types of revenue streams. They seem to be cannibalizing more individual securities. So individual stocks, in some cases, individual bonds. That's where we're seeing asset movement. We're also seeing a lot of new money go into those vehicles. So I guess that's a more subtle form of cannibalization, than the obvious movement of money from one pocket into another pocket. But we're not seeing -- again, the chart that was up there with OneSource growth, to believe to $235 billion today, that continues to grow quite strongly. So we're not seeing that cannibalization. But I would argue that even if we were, we would be doing the same thing, because that's what clients want. And we're going to operate the business through their eyes and serve them as the forefront of our priorities, and then figure out ways with our scale and our efficiency and in our business model to be strongly profitable. But we're not seeing that movement to ETFs, cannibalizing our other revenue streams to any meaningful extent. In terms of moves, in a more normalized environment, I'm probably not going to share some of the things that we think about there, because they're designed to be disruptive to the market. But I think if you just put yourself in the shoes of the consumer and say, if you were a consumer, what would be the ideal situation that you would like, whether you're a self-directed investor or you're an investor hiring professional management or you're an advisor looking to grow and build your own business, what would you ideally want to have? Those are the types of things that we're looking to deliver to them. Just as I think, in fairness, we've tried to do for the last 40 years. So, disrupting on behalf of the individuals and the firms that we look to serve, we think, is the winning strategy.
Walter W. Bettinger: Sure. We continue to have pretty good success with our Schwab Index Advantage program, recognizing that you have a whole infrastructure within the 401(k) industry that wants anything but it being successful because it's so unique and so differentiated. We have about 100 clients who are either already operating under Schwab Index Advantage or in the process of converting, and we have about 200 people who are in some form of the process of consideration to the program. So we're pleased with that progress. And as I've said at each one of the meetings, we expect that's a long-term play because of how dramatically different that program is than the traditional way that, that industry has operated.
Chelsea de St. Paer: What level of interest rates does that assume? It looks pretty conservative. And I can help answer that, if you'd like.
Chelsea de St. Paer: To what extent versus the past, do you view the bank as not only a cash monetization vehicle, but also as a key competitive weapon for both wallet share penetration and also client acquisition? Specifically, competing more with banks and transactional banking.
Chelsea de St. Paer: I'll let you answer this one. How's the competitive landscape been evolving? It seems like traditional wirehouses are reenergized on wealth management businesses and some were challenged discount players are regaining footing, too.
Chelsea de St. Paer: We have several from the web. Can you speak to how market share trends have evolved since the crisis for Schwab versus the large wirehouses? In recent years, organic growth metrics have improved dramatically at the wirehouses, suggesting incremental gains may be difficult to realize.
John S. Clendening: So when you look at that and sort of consider that piece of work, I think you'd agree, also, that it's very authentic. It's 100% authentic. It's intensely personal to someone like Chuck. Unexpected for a category. And maybe even most importantly, there is no way that you can substitute any other founder or any other current CEO into that advertising. It just wouldn't work. It wouldn't be genuine or authentic. It would come across is a story. And part of that reason is that values are simply different at Schwab. Now, next I'm going to show you an example of some of the advertising we're doing around our people, specifically our financial consultants. These guys are some of our greatest assets, but also some of our least well-known assets. When you meet one of these folks, you absolutely know they're fundamentally different than the broker at another firm. We figure that the best way to tell that story was to have some very real FCs tell it in their own words. Let's go ahead roll, Jeff. [Presentation]
John S. Clendening: So big picture, if you look to our point to point post crisis to now, we gained well over 0.5 of a point of share, which is pretty good off a 5.5%-or-so sort of base, depending on what sort of definition you're using. We've continued to gain share. I mean, it's through this guys have recovered. I think Walt and Joe may have both covered that up front in their remarks. But there's still plenty of opportunity. And when you think about 3/4 of $1 trillion of money in motion, when you think about how those firms are regarded, they're not as wounded as they may have been immediately post crisis from a brand point of view, but there's still plenty of opportunity to grow and gain share. Question in the back here.
John S. Clendening: Well, we're very pleased the performance of Schwab ETFs today and, in addition, our Schwab OneSource ETF platform, where we have over 100 -- where we have 107 ETFs on the platform today. So we feel between that, our Fundamental Index ETFs, and the Schwab OneSource, we can meet all of the clients' needs for that diversified index product.
John S. Clendening: We're studying that. We have an offering along those lines today. It's relatively small. We've been studying, is there an opportunity there, how -- what's the size of that opportunity as it relates to other things we may do to invest in the business. There's certainly elements or parts of our country that are most keenly interested in alternatives: New York; SoCal, another example of that. On the other hand, it's not the case that there's a large perception of a gap in the offer that we have today for high net worth clients, affluent clients, even ultra-high net worth across that spectrum of alternative investments. As we study, we look primarily at liquid alternatives, that sort of thing, and our clients can -- certainly can consume some of those product today on our platform in the form of mutual funds.
John S. Clendening: And in a lot of ways, it's very complementary. In fact, it always is complementary. We can see on the surface, it may look like there's a conflict there. But boy, the client differences are stark between those who choose an RIA versus those that end up at Schwab. On top of that, we've got very strict guidelines that prohibit our people from poaching into or reaching into the client base of our RIA clients. So there's not an issue there that's created.
John S. Clendening: That sounds like great question. I was waiting for that one. Some of the biggest changes that we've had to deal with from a regulatory standpoint have been in our for-fee advice space. And that's why over the last 3 years, we moved Schwab Private Client to its own investment advisory to deal with the regulatory requirements. Our Schwab Managed Portfolios and Schwab -- our Schwab Managed Portfolios are managed in a separate fiduciary and obviously, ThomasPartners and Windhaven are. Schwab operates as a dual broker-dealer and RIA so that we can make referrals to those and also to Schwab Advisor Network. That's some of the regulatory component that we've had to operate under. The other big change that from a retail standpoint that we've had to deal with is the suitability rules. So we've had to get much more specific around documenting when we make a strategy recommendation, even if we're not making recommendations of individual securities. So let me give you an example. We come out of a financial planning conversation. The client truly is more self-directed, and they want to try it a little bit on their own. And we recommend a moderate risk portfolio based on a deep understanding of their needs and their risk tolerance. We would now need to document that we recommended a moderate risk portfolio and then what those pie slices look like. That's a change in the suitability rules. And so we've put automation in place to do that. And as Walt said, we put supervision in control. We can really make sure that, that's happening on an ongoing basis. All right. I think we're at time. Let me thank you for giving us your attention. And I think we're going to go to a break. There are lunches in the back for those in the room. It's going to be a working lunch. So I believe, Rich, we get 10 minutes? 10-or-so minutes, and then we'll see you back here. Thank you very much. [Break]
George Andrew Gill: So it seems like the question is around who has the largest share potentially of affluent clients. The usual suspects are the same folks that showed up on the list that Walt mentioned have the largest number of these folks, right? So Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch, Wells and their new configuration, UBS. The interesting thing, though, is you've really got to pick apart the affluent market. And so in the spectrum of folks who are being served by this full-commissioned brokers, you have everybody ranging from, "I would like somebody to fawn over me and walk my dog and do those sorts of things. Do all that stuff for me," to even this sort of almost incidental active trader who finds himself in a historic relationship with somebody at the firm. That's why we talk so much around that slice of the market, that Tobin part of the market, where we believe that no one in that space is well serving the investor like Tobin. And so it's 2 out of almost 11, it's not the majority of that market, but it's a big, big nugget that we feel like we can go after. It's not properly served anybody in that space.
George Andrew Gill: The nursery, yes. So we still continue to do well with the nursery. And one of the things we find interesting about the Own your tomorrow platform is, not only does it extend across the different businesses of Schwab, it also plays very well across different demographics and age groups. Why is that? Primarily because it's an attitudinal or a mindset sort of segmentation. So if you're young, I'll put you in mobile, if you are an entrepreneur who's young. I think about all those people in this part of the country as an example of that, you respond very well to message along those lines. Now for us, a young investor is somebody that's probably going to be in the late 30s, even early 40s. Why is that? Because they've now got to a point where they've accumulated some assets. And so again, we feel like we're doing very well with that segment. We don't know of another firm doing better with that segment. You may have seen some of the startups that have come to try to take over that segment or play in that segment, one of which [indiscernible] today. So we're doing well.
George Andrew Gill: So the reality is we both have about -- a little less than 7% of all the investable assets. So if you add this up together, we still don't get to 14%. There's a lot of assets out there. But we primarily play in the space that is -- that getting started, that nursery that we talked about all the way up to $1 million. And in affluent, it's really $250 million to about $1 million of investable assets, where clients are getting started with us. And when I -- when you look at the differences between why we have a Schwab Advisor Network, which continue -- we continue to refer about $4 billion a year in assets to Schwab Advisor Network. When you look at the differences, ours is scalable advice. It's fact-based. It takes Schwab's point of view. But at the end of the day, it's scalable advice. And if you look at Bernie's business, and he'll talk a lot more about this, those registered investor -- investment advisors are able to provide highly customized, highly sophisticated for those more affluent clients, who are likely $1 million and up. So we don't think there's -- we really don't think there's a conflict.
George Andrew Gill: Both continue to grow. Both of them have seen good growth even over the last 12 months. I don't think we've shared the exact percentages, but both of those continue to be important parts. Our acquisition of optionsXpress has allowed us to continue to accelerate our options growth due to their very innovative tools, tools like Walk Limit, where, just in the last quarter, our clients were able to save about $1 million in execution by using that automated Walk Limit tool. So we're very bullish in terms of the -- our ability to continue to grow in the option space, and mobile will be a part of that. One more in the room.
Unknown Analyst: Just a follow-up on the nursery or the younger population. What trends have you seen? If you look over time, just given the history, like their interaction with Schwab, just given the volatility in the markets, given what they've been experienced that they've been investing for the past 10 years. Just curious if the trends have been more depressed versus the high net worth or the affluent area.
Unknown Analyst: Relative to like historical trends, meaning the amount of money that they're committing to Schwab or bringing in the door or the amount that they're investing to the market versus...
Unknown Analyst: I think under the new disclosure, the retirement business falls under your group, but I just wanted any update just on the passive strategy. There used to be like a pipeline just in terms of some of the clients that were signing up from that. So I don't know if there's -- that you guys are going to be broader.
Bernard J. Clark: Yes, it's a very different environment. And I think the advisors -- statistically you can see that the advisors are winning in this game because people want more, they need more. In fact, the #1 reason they cite when they come to an advisor is, it's not return, it's typically they knew someone who's getting a better experience and they needed more themselves and then usually, third starts to address what return is. So their model -- and they're winning, and they're winning in their centers of influence. And they're winning through referrals, most of their growth tends to come through referrals. I think as we look at it is, we're winning because of the retention of those assets and the quality of service that we're giving them. But I think a point you're making is, it becomes a little harder for people to change the underlying relationship of a client while things are so good. And so I think that might be what we heard references a little bit of the slowing trend. But because it becomes so easy to access through other platforms, products, alternatives as a great example, there are multiple platforms out there. We're the custodian. We've greatly enhanced our custodial capabilities around alternative. There's very little you couldn't do with Charles Schwab in that aspect, so the assets tend to flow through. Most around liquid and registered, we like that market a lot better. IPOs, we do participate in IPOs on some level and the distribution of it. That's not proven to be a high demand item for advisors. So certainly, that hasn't been something either, and so I think the model's working, I think even in the upmarket, we're not seeing things are changing the downmarket. There was a little bit of a favor towards changing and moving into something different.
Bernard J. Clark: Yes, I tend to think it's a trend, as Walt said. I don't think that's a micro, if you will. We know within the wirehouses, we can update on this. But there's always deals that have been signed within the wirehouse deals, forgivable loans, their cycles that they go through, people tend to find their way out, they begin planning. I can't tell you that there's periods of times when people begin thinking about. This a very long sales cycle to bring someone out of a traditional model into an independent model. And we have some $30-plus billion in our sales funnel, where we begin talking to people, sometimes 2 years before they're ready to do something. They're thinking about it at that point in time. We talked with people who are in their fifth year of employment and they're already planning, they started with the idea that they wanted to be independent, but knew they needed to start and gain a resume and grow a book of business and understand their clients and get credibility in the marketplace. There's an array of things. So I think we happen to find our way into the trust base a little bit. We happen to find our way into the banking space where team slot and the capabilities were a little bit better. When we do talk about teams, I do want to remind you, there's 6 people on a team, we still count that as 1. When I talk about 175 teams going independent, that may be 300 individuals, sometimes our competitors count individuals versus teams. I think it's important that you kind of understand that nuance. More teams come out now than individuals. We still find that more teams come out and join firms than they ever did before. So about 1/3 come out and join somebody, whether it's one of these strategic acquirers or perhaps a firm that they know. We found firms that are now building succession plans or, if you will, sophisticated buy/sell agreements for some of the smaller firms, where they can sign up with an option, perhaps to join the firm in case the unforeseeable happens within their firms. So we have a nice sophistication, it's why I say it's early innings because you're seeing a lot of entrepreneurial spirit around trying to create what will ultimately, I think, become one day a very, very sophisticated engine.
Bernard J. Clark: It's interesting because we follow this extremely closely. And detractors, I'm going to say flat out, sometimes people say we're hard to do business with because regulation has become such, fraud has become such. And we still feel that our #1 priority is making sure we're protecting the assets. And we have to be in that position. It's just that we have to bring new tools, new capabilities, e-authorizations and e-signatures, bring things along the lines that will make it somewhat easier for them. I didn't even talk about some of the work we've been doing around our Alliance website to improve it. And Alliance is actually a service that serves clients of advisors. Nobody else has that in the industry. But we're actually creating an online outsourcing for some of that low value-added service that they can then send directly to us, which helps them enormously. I highlight it now because it also adds additional security to what we're doing because we have a point of contact with the client that leads us down a path where sometimes we can validate directly with that client if we so need to, and we can do it electronically. So those are some of the [indiscernible]. But I think hard to do business is one of those things that will stand out, and we have to stand in front of that one, we have to try and understand how to be better. But we don't want to be the place that's easy to do business and then ends up in a mess later on, on behalf of our clients, the advisors and their clients who are our clients. Okay. Well, I hope everybody enjoys the weekend if you're staying, and thank you very much. I'm going to bring up Joe to wrap us up.
