Jeff Edwards: Good morning, everyone, from the Lone Star state, and welcome to Schwab's 2023 Spring Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined today by our Co-Chairman and CEO, Walt Bettinger; President, Rick Wurster and CFO, Peter Crawford. Before we jump into the presentation, I'd like to touch on a few housekeeping items. Today's setup is obviously a little bit unique with the business update immediately following this morning's release of our strong first quarter results. That being said, our time here today will still be dedicated to providing you with a broad strategic update of our growing business. Similar to past events, I will be helping facilitate Q&A. So given recent events, the team has a fair amount they like to share with you. So dedicated Q&A time may end up being slightly shorter than usual. Therefore, it is very important that we all strictly adhere to the one question, no follow-up format that has been in place now for several quarters. And we also ask that you vector clarifying a more tactical questions regarding the recently reported quarter to the IR team. Today's slides should be available on the IR website momentarily. And finally, before we move on, let's not forget the mighty wall of words, which reminds us all that the future is uncertain, so please stay in touch with our disclosures. I'd like to turn it over to Walt then.
Jeff Edwards: Operator, let's turn to the queue and please remind everyone how they can ask a question that they'd like.
Jeff Edwards: Ken, it's Jeff. Obviously, that's -- there's a lot of nuance with that question and just kind of in the interest of time, why don't we circle up kind of offline and we can walk through kind of what's available there and all the public disclosures. So I'll give you a chance if you have one other question you want to touch on.
Walt Bettinger: Thanks, Dan. I'm going to go ahead and comment on this. So I think when you look at client cash realigning, we feel fairly confident that the metrics we've shown have good basis in history. I guess I would encourage you to think of a client cash aligning. It's an event, it's not a process. And I'm going to illustrate that by an example. If you have a retail client that has, say, build up $50,000 in cash during the pandemic period. And they look at that and say, well, I want to keep 20,000 of that liquid available for immediate trading or other uses, paying bills, they don't take that $30,000 and say, "Well, I'm going to move $10,000 this quarter and $10,000 next quarter and then $10,000 several quarters in the future." It's an event. They reinvest the $30,000. And so what you generally will see is you'll see a rapid acceleration of client cash realigning early in the process of rate rise, let's call it in the first year. And then you begin to see it go the other way. And we think, as it goes the other way, it goes the other way in a relatively accelerating manner because, again, the event has occurred. The client, in my example, has moved their entire $30,000. So we understand the question. We think that the cash, as we indicated, the cash realigning process is slowing. We are very encouraged by what we see in April with measurable slowing. Again, we're looking at 3 consecutive months of declines, and we feel very good about the chart and the results we're able to share with you.
Walt Bettinger: Yes. Thanks, Mike. So I don't think, at this point, we're going to quantify the extent that we believe that we can generate ongoing expense saves beyond the $500 million to $600 million that we have committed to and have remaining in the integration, but we think it is substantial. And yes, it's important to keep in mind that, as we approach this integration, one of the decisions we made was that getting the integration right was our #1 priority. And therefore, we were willing to spend quite aggressively along the way to ensure that there was nothing that got in the way of ensuring the integration went as well as smoothly as it could possibly go, even if it meant ratcheting up spending to a level that was much higher than maybe we would have thought several years ago. So we have the opportunities that I mentioned, and then we have the opportunity after multiple years of allowing spending to grow relatively quickly to do a step back and evaluate it overall. And our early work gives us the confidence to say that it is meaningfully higher than the remaining synergies, but I don't think we're ready to quantify it yet. The one thing I will make clear though is, as we have done in the past when we made moves around expense that were significant, we will protect the client experience. So we will not be looking at impacting the parts of the organization that build relationships with clients that serve clients and that deliver that client experience.
Walt Bettinger: Thanks, Jeff, and thanks, everyone, for joining in and participating, and thanks for the feedback on the timing of this update relative to our earnings report, and please continue to provide that feedback. And we'll be -- look to be responsive to what we hear from all of you around the best time to do these updates. I think, as all of you know, I've been doing this a long time. This is my 15th year as CEO of Schwab. And during that time, I've seen a lot of different environments. Good is as well as much more difficult ones. But when I look at that history, what's consistent to me is that long-term success comes from maintaining a focus on clients. There are always going to be circumstances that come up on a periodic basis that have more of a short-term impact. And we're well aware. We're not oblivious to what's going on. We also know that we have driven much of what has gone on that has affected our near-term earnings because we've been proactively reaching out to our clients of all sizes for the last year and explaining to them the options that they should consider with their investment in cash. But again, I'd like to put this in the context of what I led with around clients. It's the right thing to do. And it's what we would do during this environment if we're faced with this environment again. We're well aware that long-term success comes from a focus on clients. And we're well aware that our bank is unique as it serves as a bank for investors. We're also well aware that as storms come, storms also go. Eventually, they come to an end. And what we know from history is that when those storms and the firms who stand tall or those who have a focus on clients. And that's something that I believe you can count on for Schwab as you have for many years in the past and can count on again in the future. Thanks again for all of your time today. We very much appreciate it, and we appreciate the thoughtful questions.
Peter Crawford: Thanks, Rich, for your question. So yes, we still do think that 8% to 12% decline in interest-earning assets is the right way to think about it. The way that we fund those assets may be a bit different than what we had anticipated when we shared at the winter business update, but the overall asset decline is a function of the assets rolling off and that sort of the gradual roll off of our securities portfolio.
Peter Crawford: Thanks for the question. So I guess I'd say a couple of things. Certainly, you are right that if we were to sell the securities -- a meaningful portion of our securities portfolio, it would actually be accretive to our capital levels, if you included that -- or certainly agree to our tangible capital levels. We said multiple times that we see no reason, no need to be forced to sell securities, given the strong -- the ample access to liquidity and the nature of our deposit base and so forth. Beyond that, just don't really want to speculate or sort of talk in hypotheticals about the conditions under which we would sell that securities portfolio. I just would say that we see no need to do so. But of course, we're always going to be thinking about what's the right thing for stockholders, but we see no reason to do so and certainly wouldn't do it right now, given sort of some of the volatility, if you will, in the market around firms that have made that decision.
Peter Crawford: Sure. So some of the -- certainly, the CDs that we issue are termed out. So it's not like we can recall those necessarily. And the FHLB advances have different terms. But as I mentioned, we -- the decision to build up cash in March meant that we front-loaded some of that activity. So of course, if we -- as we see the pace of this client realignment slow, very reasonable to expect that, of course, we will initiate less advances and let those advances that we have roll off. And so absolutely, we could see this roll off very, very quickly, even as we start to see a resumption of deposit growth over the course of latter part of '23 and then into 2024. And so I mean, the key point on these advances is these are limited and they're temporary. This is not something that is going to be part of our long-term financial picture, and we will certainly pay them off as quickly as we can.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So thanks for the question, Bill. So in terms of the deposit pricing, if you will, I mean, our philosophy on that hasn't changed, right? Our clients keep -- as we know from history that our clients have sort of 2 buckets of cash, their transactional cash and their investment cash. And our philosophy on the transactional cash is to offer a rate that is very competitive. Certainly, today is at 45 basis points. It's a lot better than what clients can earn in their checking accounts at most of the traditional banks and then to offer our clients a range of options for their investment cash that are, in many cases, industry leading, whether that's access to treasuries or brokered CDs or purchase money funds or whatever it might be. And what we've seen is -- and that's served us well for multiple decades. And whether we pay 45 basis points or 65 basis points or 100 basis points for that transactional cash, it doesn't make -- it makes very, very little influence on client behavior. So I don't necessarily see that aspect of our philosophy changing. Of course, we'll -- as we always do, we'll learn from the experience from what we learned about client behavior, we'll have to take into consideration potential regulatory changes and we'll adapt. And -- but I have every confidence that we'll thrive as we have every time we've faced changes around us previously, whether it was when the dot-com bubble burst in 2000 or whether it was when we launched the bank and came under Fed supervision or went to 0 commissions in every single situation, we adapted and we came out the other end even stronger than we were going into it. And that's because we stay -- as Walt and Rick talked about, we stay focused on our clients and doing right by our clients. And if we do that, everything else will take care of itself.
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks, Ben. I think what we would like to see a little bit more clarity on the regulatory front and what's going to happen with how capital is treated and a time line there. As I said, we feel very confident in our ability to build into the potential inclusion of AOCI into our regulatory capital ratios, but we'd like to see a little bit more clarity there before we would, I think, strongly consider or look to resume the buybacks. Of course, our buybacks are always opportunistic, not programmatic, as we've said multiple times, but I think that's probably one of the key points we want to wait for.
