Jeff Edwards: Hello, and welcome to the Schwab 2023 Fall Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations, and I’m joined today by our pair of presenters, Co-Chairman and CEO, Walt Bettinger; President, Rick Wurster; and CFO, Peter Crawford. We have plenty to cover today, so I’m certainly going to get out of the way here pretty quickly, but let’s touch on a few housekeeping matters. Similar to past events, I’ll be helping facilitate Q&A. And another friendly reminder to please adhere to the one question, no follow-up format. As always, please don’t hesitate to reach out to your friendly IR team with any clarifying or other reconciling questions. The slides for today’s business update will be posted to the IR website at the beginning of Peter’s section. And finally, the forward-looking statements page in all its glory, which reminds us all that the future is indeed uncertain, so please stay in touch with our ongoing disclosures. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Walt.
Jeff Edwards: Great. Operator, can you please remind everyone how they can queue up and ask a question? And then let’s go ahead and get started.
Jeff Edwards: Hey, Brennan, it’s Jeff. I’m happy to cover that off. I mean, it includes the same stuff it always has in terms of bank sweep plus broker-dealer balances S1 plus BDA. So it’s the same consistent view we’ve talked about. So we can take that offline and chat about any of the other items that are in there. But yes, this is a consistent view with the monthly and higher quarterly data.
Peter Crawford: Thanks, Ken, for the question. So our expectation is that we will continue to prioritize paying down the supplemental borrowings. That is the fastest way to get to that 3% NIM that we talked about by the end of 2025. So what that could mean is that we could be seeing deposits grow, transactional cash grow even as interest-earning assets are declining because our focus is really on paying down those supplemental borrowings. So that would be – you could see a scenario where interest-bearing assets are declining, but NIM is growing and actually net interest revenue is growing even as that is happening.
Peter Crawford: Sure. So yes, I don’t remember – recall the exact percent of the assets that were – or purchase money fund balances that were coming from bank sweep. But I can say is August, I think there was a couple of things, there was in part a reaction to the Fed’s increase in late July and some of the headlines maybe that, that captured. We also saw actually net inflows into equities. So there’s definitely an investor sentiment aspect to it. In terms of going forward, I mean, our expectation is that when the Fed increases, it has a small, but decreasing and temporary impact on deposit flows. If people are yield-sensitive, the cash is yield-sensitive and Fed funds is 5.25, they’ll move. It doesn’t make a huge difference whether it’s 5.5. I think it’s more about the headlines, frankly, as that creates that may prompt some people to move. But I want to emphasize that a high-for-longer scenario is a very good scenario for Schwab for our business model. While in the near term, that rate increase can lead to a little bit more and deposit activity, that higher rate over the long term means more – a higher yield on the roughly 1/3 of our interest-earning assets that are tied to floating rates. That’s things like our margin lending and the cash, the segregated cash and the cash we have at the parent, the cash we have with the bank, et cetera. So after sort of a high-for-longer scenario, which it seems to be what we’re easing our way into here, it is a good scenario for us because that impact on transactional cash balances is short-lived.
Peter Crawford: Sure. So I would expect that we’re going to have a mix of CDs and FHLB going forward. There are advantages of each. The CDs today are a little bit lower cost, and we like the idea of paying our clients and clients of other brokers. The nice thing about the FHLB is that it’s very – you can really dial in the maturity than the exact amount. You can also prepay FHLB. So if we see growth in deposits, we have the ability to prepay those FHLB advances. So I’d expect it would be a mix. We like the fact of having a diversity of funding sources going forward. But I think either way, I think we’d expect both of those balances collectively to trend down, as I said, over the next several quarters.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So thanks, Steven. So I’m not sure where your $9 billion figure is coming from, but that is 2x higher than what we’re tracking. If you do the math on that page where we show the daily flow, you’re looking at a number that’s about half that level. So I’m not sure where the $9 billion is coming from, and you can maybe work that through with the IR team. The – and so October is tracking in line with that lower number. So again, it just – it reinforces the fact that we saw a decline from April to May and May to June and June to July. And then we had this one blip in August, and then September has really continued the trend. And October is consistent with September. So all this reinforces our conviction that we’ve been saying for quite some time, which is this cash reallocation activity is declining. And we’re seeing, again, in terms of the number of people who are reallocating and the size of those trades that they’re making, so it all reinforces our conviction that we’re very close to the end of this cycle.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So in terms of – when we think about principal and interest off of the investment portfolio, it’s tracking now at about $4 billion or so per month, so roughly $11 billion to $12 billion per quarter, maybe a little bit more in the next quarter, but somewhere in that range over the next 5 quarters. So that provides a meaningful amount of resources, liquidity to pay down those supplemental borrowings when you add that together with, of course, the net new assets that we attract for new accounts. That’s – those are the 2 of the bigger drivers in terms of paying down those supplemental short-term borrowings. In terms of the right amount of liquidity, I would think about this in terms of parent liquidity. I mean, we raised debt to keep liquidity at the parent. We do that primarily to support the activity, our client needs at the broker-dealers. And so we have through – as we’ve been going through these conversions, we have wanted to operate with a little bit more parent liquidity, given – to make sure we’ve got ample resources through these conversion weekends. And so we are running with a higher level of liquidity now than we might expect to have after we pay out. And we also have the debt maturities in the early part of next year. So we want to make sure we’ve got the funds necessary to pay off those maturities. So once we get done with that, we’ll be comfortable with the level of liquidity that we have at the parent.
Peter Crawford: Yes. No. Thanks, Brian. No, that’s mostly the – or I should say that really is the impact of the accretion of those marks back to par. With the duration on our available-for-sale portfolio of just over 2 years, you’re looking at roughly $600-ish million per quarter in terms of amortization. So that’s – even in a flat rate scenario. So that’s really what’s going on there.
Peter Crawford: Sure. Well, thanks, everyone. Appreciate the time you spent with us this morning, and appreciate all the questions. I just want to close by picking up on some comments that Walt made at the outset. And he talked about how it’s easy to focus attention on the near-term challenges we have faced. We’re clearly not blind to those challenges but nor are we fazed by them. We feel a great deal of confidence in our current position, our strategy and the loyalty we have built with our clients. We feel also a great deal of optimism about the opportunities ahead of us to serve our clients even better, to continue growing, to learn from our experience this year, but also to put in the rearview mirror as we continue to deliver for our clients and our stockholders in the years ahead. Thank you very much again, and we look forward to speaking with you in January.
