Peter Crawford: Dan, so let me take that. This is Peter. Let me take that in a couple ways. First, the near term accretion math has gotten better, frankly in the last year given the relative earnings trajectory of both TD Ameritrade and Schwab. In terms of the synergy realization, I would say that if anything, the synergy opportunity has increased. On the cost synergy side, despite the environmental changes, if you will, I don't think our thinking around the cost synergy opportunity has fundamentally shifted. We still think that those numbers are very achievable and largely are to be derived in the similar places that we had expected a year ago. On the revenue side, Joe mentioned that a large portion of the revenue synergies are coming from rebanking the balances in the IDA. Those balances at the time of the acquisition were I think roughly $115 billion. And today they're over $150 billion. So that benefits us in a couple of ways: one, as you may recall, we got a 10 basis point improvement in the net fee there. So that's now applied over a larger base of balances immediately; and then second is that more cash that we can bring onto the balance sheet and every time we do that, we're picking up incremental spread revenue as we do so. So I think that has been at the positive as well. I also think that as we've dug in and spent more time looking at the business and understanding more about the business, we see other -- other opportunities, others or maybe smaller revenue opportunities where we can -- we can leverage both firms being together to capture incremental revenue, probably more to talk about those in the future. But we -- but I would say anything, our confidence, our excitement, our enthusiasm about this is only increasing last year.
Peter Crawford: Yeah, so we did on that page, you'll see the incremental benefit on NIM of the TD Ameritrade acquisition. I think we said it's [indiscernible] 19 basis points. So I would imply kind of low 130s for the legacy Schwab business. Again, that's a -- that's a function -- if you look -- if you -- if you think back to the factors that have impacted NIM over the last couple of quarters, it's been the declining short term rates, it's been an increase in premium and amortization. It's been declining credit spreads, and then it's been a huge, huge increase in cash balances that we've reinvested at rates that are lower than our average portfolio yield. Those credit spreads have largely stabilized, short term rates of course have stabilized, less -- right now there's less cash to invest in the spread on between -- the difference between the rates we're investing at versus what were the average portfolio yield that -- that delta has come down. And we wouldn't expect from here a further big step increase in premium amortization. So we think that NIM while it may come down from Q3 to Q4, it seems unlikely to be as big, again, I'm just talking about the legacy Schwab business, not likely to be nearly as big as what it was from Q2 to Q3.
Peter Crawford: I think you answered it well, Walt. I'll just say that I think we have shown our ability to prosper in different environments and different administrations over our 40-something years. And as long as we continue to focus on clients, folks at home can do the math on what changes in corporate tax rates might do or changes in the long end of the curve. That's not really any mystery. But for the long term and the way that we manage this business, it's as Walt says, it's really continuing to focus on our clients, continue to execute on our strategy. And we think we will benefit from a lot of the secular trends that are taking shape in our industry. And so we think that'll continue to benefit us, regardless of the administration in the political environment. 
Peter Crawford: Yes certainly our intention is to onbring those balances onto our balance sheet, starting in July 1 of next year. We do have various levers at our disposal around capital, we want to make sure we have enough capital to support the organic growth of our balance sheet. I think that's why I think it's reasonable to expect us to access the periphery markets. But I don't think you should assume that if we're not at, , let's say 6.75% and tier one leverage in July 1 of next year, that means we're not going to bring on those balances. We certainly could do that, even if we're short of -- we certainly expect we could do that if we're short of that level.
Peter Crawford: So on the money find fee waivers, it wouldn't surprise us to see a little -- a bit of a pickup between Q3 and Q4, as you said, we're exiting a little bit of a higher pace. Of course, it depends on how much -- what the balances are in money fund. And as we continue to see balances, the balances into most purchase money funds go down. That would obviously reduce the amount of fee waivers. But I think an increase between Q3 and Q4 is reasonably expected. That's based -- that's built into that full year revenue outlook that we provided earlier. In terms of floating rate yields, it's somewhere to say it's in the 40 somewhere in that range right now. For what we're buying, of course that depends on whether it's -- a lot of the credit that we tend to purchase is floating rate and so the yields there tend to be a lot higher, of course, than when we're buying some agencies. So we're doing a pretty wide spread there.
Peter Crawford: I'll try to answer that and maybe Joe would be ready to add on to that. I guess, I would say is we are very, very excited about this deal. We're excited about this deal from an accretion standpoint. But I think even more importantly than that, we're excited about this deal, what this means for us long term, and our ability, or the position we have in the market, and the way that we can serve clients. Certainly, the math is compelling again, in the near term because of the accretion and over the longer term because of the revenue and expense synergies that Joe has talked about and I've talked about on previous calls. I think those numbers have on the revenue side, as I mentioned, have gotten bigger on the cost side probably similar, but it's really nothing to suggest they've gotten any smaller, and maybe over time, perhaps we'll discover more there. But I think also one of the things we've discovered is just the compatibility between the two organizations and over the last several months and bringing these two teams together and the alignment that we have around our focus on clients and that cultural compatibility is so very, very important on a complex integration like this. So that's also made us very, very enthusiastic and excited about the future as well. So I think on every dimension, we're feeling very, very enthusiastic about the acquisition.
Peter Crawford: Is it $250 million to $300 million we talked about today or already accomplished? They will show up in the run rate beginning in Q4. A little bit of timing there and that some of the staff reductions here have happened through October, but they will start to show in Q4 before embedded in Q1, those are done and executed on. And we're not, at this point, providing target dates for account conversion, but you start thinking to some of the other comments here around the 18 to 36 months and you got to get the accounts conversion in that window, with the time to be able to do some of the clean-up at the back end, to be able to get to the full synergy number. Then you can start to back into what some of our thinking is probably around the conversion date.
Peter Crawford: Yes, I can take that. We're quite pleased with the momentum we have on the lending side, if you look at -- I think our overall bank loans are up 30% year over year. Of course, that's during obviously a refinancing wave. But with our investor advantage pricing, that has been a huge win with our clients and our client-facing employees and just exceptional, exceptional pricing, while still offering an attractive economic benefit to us and helping us to cement those relationships with our key clients. Some of them was other firms that would like to do business with them at bay. I think there's certainly more opportunity there. And there's also more opportunity with the pledged asset line and having greater penetration there. If you look at where we are with pals [ph], we're certainly underpenetrated relative to what you see at the wirehouse firms. And I would say that's true both of our legacy Schwab clients and even more true with the TD Ameritrade clients, and the opportunity there is very, very fertile. So we're very, very excited, very enthusiastic about our ability to continue to grow that in a way that is very consistent with our strategy. I think we're out a time and I just thought I should just close with that. And just thank all of you for your questions today. I just want to close with a couple of thoughts and really reinforce something Walt said earlier, clearly we know that interest rates move in cycles, and this low rate environment will end at some point in the future. And we'll see the return to more normalized rates. But we're certainly not just waiting around for that to happen. And I'll say, while we're quite pleased by the near-term EPS benefit, and the acquisition supports that 25% to 35% number I referenced earlier. It's really the long term prospects that make us even more excited. And that's why we're really pressing ahead very, very aggressively, but in a way that's entirely consistent with our strategy, our purpose and our DNA. As those actions begin to bear fruit, in some cases quickly and other cases more gradually over time, it just reinforces our confidence and our enthusiasm. We'll look forward to seeing all of you virtually most likely, possibly some in person at the February business update. Stay safe everyone and thank you for your time today.
Walt Bettinger: That does sound like repeated question. So, Will, the two things that tend - or the three -- I guess the three dynamics that tend to drive the balance sheet growth organically, and I'll -- we'll be looking at Legacy Schwab. One is the interest rate environment and then a lower interest rate environment as I mentioned, our clients are less apt to avail themselves of the purchase money funds and CDs, there's just not as much of a yield pickup and not as much of a benefit for them to do that. So they're more likely to leave that cash sitting in their account on our balance sheet. Second, of course is organic growth, because a certain portion of the net new assets we bring every -- every quarter, every year comes in the form of cash. And then third is client relative sentiment about the equity markets, whether they are buying more equities or selling equities. Of course, that is, you know, that's harder to predict, going forward than perhaps those first two items. So, you know, you can imagine, certainly in this low interest rate environment, you can imagine, as we've seen, our balance sheet has grown at a sequence -- at a pace post the end of the first quarter, when we obviously saw that huge surge, at an annualized pace and in the double digit, you certainly can imagine a scenario where that would continue into the next -- as long as those interest rates remain low. Now, if interest rates were increased, one would expect at that pace, a balance sheet growth would -- would come down, and if clients get more bullish on the equity markets that would on the margin tend to slow the pace of balance sheet growth as well.
Walt Bettinger: So we're at about -- we're about at 85/15 now fixed to floating on our investment portfolio. And we feel like that's probably about the -- about the right place to be. So I would say that you'd see us look to probably maintain that pretty close. That leads us to a duration in the upper threes. In terms of the rates, reinvestment rates on the fixed portion are in the 90 to 105 basis point range today, and of course that varies on a daily -- weekly if not daily basis, but sort of in that -- in that general range.
Walt Bettinger: Yeah. So we -- we certainly see growth on both sides. Of course, the RIA business continues to have exceptional organic growth. But also on the retail side, as I mentioned, the fastest growing segment of clients for us is high net worth and ultra high net worth clients. Now, they tend to be a little bit of a different kind of client, if you were trying to categorize them, in that the ones who come to us on the retail side tend to maybe be a bit more self-directed, maybe -- they come from the financial world and they're accustomed to managing money or managing their own money whereas on the RIA side, they tend to be more of relying on a professional investment advisor to help them manage their money. But both are growing fairly rapidly. And our plan is to continue to add the services and capabilities that the high net worth and ultra high net worth investor wants even with, again, the different approach to managing money that generally occurs on the retail side and RIA side. Segment services, dedicated relationship capabilities, access to the type of products that both of those types of high net worth and ultra high net worth investors want. Interestingly enough, when we talk to the ones on the retail side, they made a specific decision to come to Schwab. And they would like to stay at Schwab and consolidate assets at Schwab. But we have to make sure that we can deliver for them the type of service experience that they expect, given their significant level of asset. So we will continue to expand those capabilities to meet their needs, the retails ones that are at Schwab, because they want to be at Schwab. The ones served by RIAs are there because that's the best fit for them.
Walt Bettinger: I think we do have a longer term goal of striving for a balance between spread income and other forms of revenue. And of course, that plays out in two of our three strategic initiatives, very clearly in monetization and segmentation. And the thing that I would just emphasize is that all of our monetization efforts are -- we want to ensure are done in terms of them being good for clients. But you can see them unfolding before you whether it's the acquisition of the technology and the talent from Motif, the acquisition of Wasmer, Schroeder, the negotiations that we are having with firms, who effectively capitalize on our platform and we provide services that they would otherwise have to provide, but yet don't provide any offsetting compensation for those services. These are all in line with actions that we're taking as well as continue to build our advisory solution. But again, the overriding in all of those moves will be to ensure that anything we do is the right thing for our clients. But we are confident that we can drive toward a more balanced scenario in the world you described, where rates stay lower for longer. Of course, if rates do turn and go up with the yield curve steepens, our spread income can increase quite dramatically, quite quickly. And of course, that would make it more challenging. But we're fairly confident in our plans to get to a more balanced approach within a reasonable period of time and are taking all prudent actions to get there. 
Walt Bettinger: Thanks, I'll step in there on that one. I think we've seen business as usual with maybe one adjustment, and that is that there are a number of TD Ameritrade service advisors who would like to go ahead and make this switch over to the Schwab platform at this point in time rather than wait for us to do that as part of the integration. But the notion that there is some significant movement, if you're getting it that of RA's unhappy with the combination and therefore making moves elsewhere is simply not being backed up by the facts. If they were they would have shown up in the TOA metrics that I shared with you. So that was part of why I showed you those numbers. The clients are excited. They know that we are committed to ending up with a winning platform for them that integrates the best of Schwab and the best of Ameritrade as Bernie Clarke likes to say that it's not going to be one platform or another winning, it's going to be a new platform that combines the best of all. The RA that we talk with are really excited about being a part of that, being part of an organization with our scale and size, the ability to help them grow and as well as protect their clients' assets. So it's been all business as usual to positive if I were to try to summarize it.
Walt Bettinger: Sure. It remains a highly competitive market and there is some activity around paying cash in order to get balances so that is still an activity that exists and continues to be an activity that we have questions about its long term logic for companies that intend to be independent and staying in the market over time. I would just say that I guess I would add, I remain optimistic that rational business leadership moves to rational and economically rational decision making over time.
Walt Bettinger: Craig, I'll take that. Unfortunately, this is going to be one of those questions. So I'll just say upfront, I'm not going to answer to your satisfaction. We're not going to discuss timing on the introduction for competitive reasons nor are we going to discuss which organizations might go first, but we certainly have every intention of making it available to both. That'll be used slightly differently by retail and by the RAA and so the determinant will be not trying to benefit one segment of our business over another, it'll just be which one we can get it to quicker because of the way they'll utilize the product.
Walt Bettinger: Sure. So there's no question there are new entrants into the space. And that is leading to some of the new household formation, it's probably why we tried to share both net new assets figures, which of course, are a very broad definition, right? That net number is made up of new-to-firm households, as well as existing clients, as well as transfers from other financial services or investment services providers. So I don't know that we historically want to break down the components of that net new assets, but we try to give you enough metrics to give you a solid understanding. We report the total net new assets. We give you the new-to-firm household growth, which I think was on one of the pages that Peter shared. And of course, we give you the transfer numbers, which gives you an idea of whether we are winning or losing on a net basis relative to competitors with existing clients who may be residing at Schwab and residing at our competitor. I think we're having success with all three of those, as evidenced by our net new assets, including the record September, and the TOA numbers speak for themselves.
