Robert Niblock: Good morning, and thanks for your interest in Lowe's. We delivered solid results for the quarter, and I would like to thank our employees for their hard work and commitment to serving customers. Comparable sales grew 4.3%, primarily driven by a 3.3% increase in average ticket. We achieved this growth by executing well in a challenging environment that included an increasingly severe drought in California and historic flooding in Texas. In fact, comparable sales growth for our U.S. home improvement business was 4.6% for the quarter with all 14 regions generating positive comps and positive comps in 11 of 13 product categories.  Our seasonal business performed well. Strength in outdoor power equipment and seasonal living offset some of the weakness in -- some of the softness in lawn and garden, which was most pronounced in the West.  We also experienced solid growth in big-ticket discretionary project categories such as kitchens, flooring, millwork and fashion fixtures. And for the third quarter in a row, we drove double digit comps in appliances.  Our team in Canada continued to deliver strong comps in local currency. Building on the momentum we've been gaining, we're accelerating our store expansion in this market. We recently acquired 12 former Target store locations and 1 distribution center with plans to open these locations in 2016 and 2017. Combined with our organic expansion plans, we expect to have roughly 70 stores in Canada by 2017.  Our business in Mexico also performed well during the quarter, achieving double-digit comps in local currency. However, as the U.S. dollar strengthened, we experienced a 30 basis point drag on our consolidated comp due to foreign currency. For the quarter, gross margin contracted 8 basis points, primarily due to the strength in appliances and outdoor power equipment.  We leveraged operating salaries in the quarter and delivered earnings per share of $1.20, a 15% increase over last year's second quarter.  Delivering on our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, in the quarter, we repurchased $1.5 billion of stock under our share repurchase program and paid $218 million in dividends. In May, our Board of Directors approved a 22% increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.23 per share to $0.28 per share. Looking forward to the second half of 2015, key drivers of the home improvement industry remain supportive for growth. Economists are forecasting a modest acceleration in both incomes and consumer spending this year, and recovery in the housing market continues with moderate home price appreciation and stronger gains in housing turnover.  We also continue to be encouraged by the results of our second quarter Consumer Sentiment Survey. Roughly half of respondents indicated that they believe their home values are increasing, double the number from 2012. And this positive sentiment around home values is reading [ph] through to spending patterns with plans to begin a home improvement project in the next 6 months continuing its recent upward trend. Further, survey respondents indicated that growth in their home improvement spending is outpacing increases in their overall spending, suggesting an affinity -- the strengthening affinity for the home. Our key priorities in 2015 should allow us to capitalize on opportunities within an improving economy. We are pursuing further top line growth through continued development of omni-channel capabilities, differentiating ourselves through better customer experiences and improving our product and service offering for the Pro customer. We also remain committed to improving our productivity and profitability with opportunities in a few specific areas including store payroll, marketing and leveraging our scale to get cost savings on indirect spend. The execution of our strategic priorities alongside an improving macroeconomic backdrop, together with our keen focus on productivity and profitability, give us confidence in our business outlook for 2015.  Thanks again for your interest. And with that, let me turn the call over to Rick. 
Robert Niblock: And Matt, this is Robert. Just as a reminder with respect to paint. When bringing in the HGTV HOME by Sherwin-Williams product, that reset didn't complete till the end of April. So now obviously after we've had the reset complete end of April, we've been working obviously through this quarter to build the awareness with the consumer that, that product is now available in our stores. In addition to, as Mike mentioned, the Valspar and Olympic product that we have, so building that awareness in the consumer and we're pleased with the traction that we're starting to get with that brand. 
Robert Niblock: I was just going to say, Scot, in addition to the key drivers that Mike and Rick mentioned, two other things that also resonate very well. You've actually got to have the brands, you've got to have the depth of inventory, you've got to have the convenience and that is our value proposition on our proprietary credit resonates very well with the Pro customer and the relaunch of LowesForPros that we just launched. We're also getting great feedback from Pro customers that it's a much more convenient way to do business with us as well. So that's a new item that just really launched this quarter. 
Robert Niblock: Chris, I think we have 39 stores open today. We've acquired the additional 12 Target -- former Target locations. We obviously already had some stores in the pipeline that we -- in our organic growth pipeline, so we said combined with Target locations what we had in the pipeline, by 2017, we'll be to about 70 stores. Actually, we were just about to the point of -- would have been breakeven next year in Canada with our current operations had we not taken on the additional locations and it'll take a year or so to get those opened and up to speed. So by the time we get to that 70-store mark, we'll have a pretty good critical mass to grow off of -- there in Canada. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, actually I was just down last week for our joint venture board meeting. I met with the team. I walked some of the stores. The team down there has gone in and looked at opportunity to improve the operations. They've come in with a new format and working on resetting the layout of some of the stores -- new stores we're opening obviously have the new layout, but resetting some existing stores, getting -- increasing the range of product in categories where we didn't have quite enough range down there with the customer and creating much better theater for presentation of the product in areas like flooring, tool world, those type of things. And very pleased, we're seeing great performance over the new format compared to the original layout that we had opened in the stores. So very pleased with the progress the team is making down there. As we've talked previously on the calls, we've slowed down the rate of expansion to be able to make sure that we get stores out of the ground, operating at a higher annual rate and then being able to go back and take some of this expanded range and the new layout to the existing base of stores that we have. So overall, very impressed with the visit I had last week and the progress that I see the team making down there. 
Robert Niblock: To Mike's last point, when we think about OPE and appliances, I think there are some share opportunities out there as we've seen shift in -- from an industry standpoint. Certainly, I think we've got a great lineup, as Rick took you through in his comments on appliances, some of the new products that we've got out there that's resonating well in OPE. So we expect that to continue to be strong. But then layer on the other things that Mike talked about including -- from paint, not only is it the new brand, the abatement of the weather challenge, but it's also we reset all the stores in the first half of the year, first quarter of the year. So we had disruption in our paint department obviously as we were going through that reset. That's all behind us as well. 
Robert Niblock: I'll start, Greg, this is Robert, then I'll turn it over to Rick to talk for LowesForPros. We continue to see great performance from an online standpoint. I think, as Rick went through his comments, he talked about some of the additional features and benefits that we're adding to Lowes.com, which is resonating really well with the customer, particularly when we have more and more customers starting their purchase process online. They may, as you know, finish online or come to the store. But overall, Lowes.com was up about 20% in the quarter. And I'll get Rick to talk about the receptivity we've had for LowesForPros launch. 
Robert Niblock: Thanks. And as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our third quarter results on Wednesday, November 18. Have a great day. 
Robert Hull: So Simeon, I'll start with kind of the mechanics of the improved flow-through in the second half and I'll let Mike talk about changes to the promotional calendar and impact on the second half. So there's a number of items that gives us confidence that second half flow-through is going to be higher than the first half. I called out 3 in my comments, so let me give you a little bit more color around those 3. I mentioned the promotional calendar and mix pressure dissipating as well as easier compares. If you look at 2014, gross margin improved 42 basis points in the first half of 2014 and declined 6 basis points in the second half, so we do have easier compares in the second half. For 2015, gross margin declined 6 basis points. We expect about 20 basis points of improvement in the second half or roughly a 26 basis point swing. Second, in bonus, for the first half of 2015, we've seen 7 basis points of deleverage in bonus. We expect about 13 basis points of leverage in the second half of 2015 or roughly a 20 basis point swing. Lastly, credit. Credit was flat to 2014 for the first half. We expect about 15 basis points of leverage in the second half of 2015 for a swing of 15 basis points. So those 3 items are the lion's share of what gives us confidence in the flow-through. We do have a couple of other items given timing of projects like facilities, repairs and store enviro projects where the first half was a little bit heavier than second half, but we do have a number of items that we can point to that give us confidence in the second half flow-through. 
Robert Hull: So those $17 million I mentioned was in the first half. The only thing that extended into the second half is the carrying costs for the 12 Target leases. That's relatively small. That was only about $0.5 million of the $4 million in Q2 that is embedded in our outlook for the year. 
Robert Hull: So Matt, I'll start with the transaction count impact. So we mentioned that we had 2 categories that were below average. Lawn and garden was actually negative. If you think about tickets below $50, they were only up 0.8% so they were positive, but really hurt by lawn and garden and the weakness in that business largely because of the strange weather we had in the quarter. 
Robert Hull: So Mike, we've repurchased $2.5 billion to date. That outlook suggests $3.8 billion, which would give us $1.3 billion in the second half. Certainly, if we've got better performance in the second half, we could see some upward movement there. But at this point in time, we're comfortable with the $3.8 billion target. 
Robert Hull: Well, certainly, if you think about negative impacts if revenue comes in lower than expected, that would pressure the amount of fixed cost leverage we've got planned. And then if there's any acceleration in the promotional environment, that would certainly impact gross margin. We feel good about a lot of things we're doing. We've spoken about the capabilities we've put in place with regard to indirect spend. That's going to deliver savings without regard to the sales environment. Also to the extent we've got pressure on sales or gross margin in the second half, that would probably accelerate the amount of bonus leverage that we've got. So we've got some mitigants that we believe would offset any pressure that might come our way. 
Robert Hull: Sure, Peter. So accounts payable is up 15% year-over-year, primarily related to timing of purchases at quarter and we also saw roughly a 2.5-day improvement in days payable outstanding. The merchant teams have been working really hard to evaluate their days inventory on hand relative to days payable and try to get better coverage there. That's something that has been reignited of late and we saw about a day improvement last year. We ought to have roughly 1.5-day or 2-day improvement this year. So while the timing will come and go, at year-end we should see some improvement just from the days payable outstanding. There's a number of tools in place including a supply chain financing program that's been quite effective to allow our vendors to leverage Lowe's balance sheet. 
Robert Hull: Yes, so first half comps were 4.7%, Greg. Second half comps would be in the 4-ish range. So not terribly dissimilar. There's a variety of factors that would contribute to leverage. Rick talked about the good work done with the store operations team to continue to thoughtfully put associates in front of customers that allows us to be more effective in our utilization of payroll, that certainly continues in the second half of the year. I mentioned the credit. We've got project-related expenses around facilities repairs and store enviro projects that were first half weighted, we'll get benefit there. And then indirect spend is a capability that continues to get momentum; that should give us some benefit -- greater benefit in the second half of the year. So what I would say is that there's not a lot of difference in the comp first half versus second half and we've got some other discrete items that should drive SG&A leverage. 
Michael Jones: I'll talk to the promotional environment. I would describe the promotional environment as stable. I'd say in the second quarter, we targeted promotions largely at appliances or the big-ticket categories with the intent to match the promotional intensity of the competition. So while our promotional intensity increased relative to the second quarter of last year and was consistent with the competitive environment, we expect that to abate in the second half of the year as we wrap -- when we started to increase our promotional intensity last year, which is around Labor Day. 
Michael Jones: It's where the bulk of our pressure in paint largely in exterior categories as well, exterior stains in particular is where we saw the bulk of our pressure largely in Texas and the Midwest. We're very pleased with the Sherwin-Williams rollout. We love our relationship with Valspar and PPG. We're excited about our paint business, but we did see some weather impact in the second quarter. 
Michael Jones: We like the fact that the paint shop is clean. We think we've done a number of things. We think the promotional piece was a part of it, but keep in mind that our promotional cadence was aligned to match the promotional environment that we were in. I'd say a little different, we went from under promoting to promoting at the industry level. That said, when we look at the outperforming appliances, it's not coming from a [indiscernible] holding at the level of the industry and our outperformance coming from the things that Rick talked about, improved display of appliances, having the vignettes and the suites of appliances that we talked about having the next-day delivery of appliances. The fact that we control our appliance in this inventory is a powerful thing, one of the few that controls to our appliance inventory. So we like the growth in big ticket, but it's not coming from additional promotion beyond what we see at the industry level. 
Michael Jones: And I'll build on that, Rick. When we talk to Pro, and this is in no particular order, but brands certainly are important to them. Inventory depth is very, very important to them. Breadth of assortments so they can go one place and complete the job is important. And localization is equally as critical. There are local norms and building codes that we've got to get right. We deployed a field-based merchandising team to help ensure that we get better on localization. We're pleased with the progress that we're making. Then to Rick's point, services are important like job site delivery and access to credit. So I'm careful not to put one above the other; we've got to have them all. And our program is working towards getting better at all of them. 
Michael Jones: It's Mike Jones. I can talk to that. We're very pleased in our growth in ticket. In fact, this quarter's average ticket is the highest recorded since 2007. So the teams did a great job. The higher mix of appliances and outdoor power equipment drove approximately 1/3 of the growth in ticket. The remainder of the increase was driven by customers moving to higher price points within product categories. In fact, we observed a higher ticket growth in pretty much every product category. 
Michael Jones: We don't call it uptick continuum, but it certainly is an outtake from the value improvement initiative where we have improved line designs that allow us to sell up the continuum. It's certainly been a lot by way of training with our store associates to enable them to be able to sell up as well. And our relationship with our vendor partners are absolutely critical where we collaborate with them to have -- book better products, more innovation and better line designs and price point progressions that allow us to sell up as well. So why we don't call it uptick continuum? There are certainly a lot of similarities to what was being done under that program as well. 
Michael Jones: I'd say it depends on category. There are some categories where we're seeing it accelerate. There are some categories that some of the innovation starts to get older, where it's starting to modulate some. But what we tell each of our merchants to do is to go out there and find innovation each and every day and to work with our vendor partners to ensure that we have the ability to sell up the price point because innovation allows us to do it. Just to touch on that, if you look at some of the launches as of recent like our Kobalt 80-volt products -- handheld products doing very well. Our American Standard 4 MAX toilet, it's, to my knowledge, the only self-cleaning toilet in the market. That continues to do very well. Our Centipede work surface for Pros holds 2,000 pounds of weight with a 4 by 8 square foot area, doing very well. So we have a number of new launches that give our associates something to talk about so that they can sell up the price point. 
Michael Jones: We expect to still see growth in outdoor and power equipment and appliances. We're excited about seasonal living behind some of the work that you'll see us do with our CX Customer Experience Organization as we go into the back half of the year. We're excited about some of the launches that we have in flooring, in particular laminate. Laminate for the second quarter was up double digits and we've got a great launch that we just did with one of our vendor partners that we're pretty excited about with our Pergo laminate product partnering with Mohawk, so excited about that. I tend of look at it more as where do we have launches that will drive incremental growth. And certainly laminate is exciting for us. Lennox HVAC is excited for us. We did a key launch with Rinnai in tankless water heaters, we're excited about that. Hitachi pneumatics and some of the work that we did in tools, we're excited about as well behind Goldblatt. And so again, I'm cautious to try to predict where the industry is going to drive growth. I tend to focus a little more on where the initiatives are. And we've got some great initiatives and some great resets that we think it will drive performance in the back half. 
Michael Jones: I think we're promoting at about the market for most of the categories. And to the extent we see share opportunities in a given category that we'll be able to lean a little heavier into promotion for that particular category is how I would answer that. 
Michael Jones: This is Mike Jones. I'd say it's two things, one of which is innovation. We're seeing a lot more innovation on tractors than what you've seen in the past and there is a bit of replacement cycle as well. So I think we're getting a lift from both. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Simeon, this is Rick. I would add just to that is the one thing we did in the second half of last year, which was timing around the promotional events is around the holidays with the 2-day extensions of the events. We will not comp that until Labor Day this year so that's what also Bob was mentioning when we talked about promotional pressures, those incremental 2 days that did not happen last year this time during the first half and we'll begin to comp that actually in Q3. 
Rick Damron: Scot, this is Rick. I'll talk a little bit about it then I'll turn it over to Mike to talk a little bit about the brands. When we talk to the Pro, one of the largest, I think, contributing factors is location. Proximity to the store is a definite aspect of the Pro environment. If you're not convenient from a location standpoint, then you don't -- you're not as relevant and that's based on what we know from a research standpoint. I would say that we continue to look at other aspects of where we are from a general purpose and we talk about the 5 Ways to Save. We know that delivery and services play an important role as well as price. But I would say the biggest things that we've got right now would be location, it would be having the right brands and then making sure that we're competitive from a price standpoint or services standpoint. I think all of that is fairly equal weight when we think through where we are. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Kate, this is Rick. I'd also add to that, that our service businesses also contributes to that. Our services business for the quarter outpaced the total company comp. And when you look at that, the PSI -- our interior specialist programs and exterior specialist programs performed very well. We're very pleased with the results that we get there and those 2 aspects also drive a higher average ticket from a project standpoint. 
Rick Damron: When you look, Dennis, this is Rick, across regional performances, we were very pleased with the consistent -- consistency we saw across regions. If you look at it from a divisional perspective, we saw the strongest performance in our Southern division across the country. But the balance between regions was pretty consistent across the country as well. 
Rick Damron: Yes. Well, I think, we definitely saw more weather impact, particularly if you're talking about rain in the Southern markets, in the Western markets, the drought in California. But you always look at weather from what happened this year to what happened last year. You always have migration between markets and geographies that you see from that perspective. But when we look at it, like I said, the South, the North and then the West was probably our -- the way that we would break out our overall performance from a divisional perspective. 
Rick Damron: Michael, this is Rick. The one thing I would add to that is, we think, in lumber and building materials you'll see the deflation begin to abate, which will help as well. And then paint will be another key category as we go into the back half of the year as we create more awareness around Sherwin-Williams and we see the weather become more conducive, especially on the exterior side of the business, to drive that category. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Mike. When you look at that, we talked over the last several years about our holistic strategy for the Pro and improving our product and service offering, as Mike talked about, with brands and we talked about in the outside selling organizations and what we've done in our 5 Ways to Save program and the launch of LowesForPros.com really help us continue to feel confident in our strategic priorities around the Pro customer. We feel confident in our ability to continue to meet and exceed their expectations from that standpoint. And I think it's also important to remember that the MRO has historically been a very strong customer for us. And really, the advent of our Account Executive ProServices is in place to help us continue to facilitate the growth of the MRO space. And we know that LowesForPros.com will continue to drive affinity with that customer, which has a tendency to shop more as much from a dot-com platform as in the store. So we feel good with where we are, but we're always evaluating our strategies and our priorities to make sure that we remain relevant for that customer. 
Rick Damron: Yes. And then the only thing I would add to that, Peter, is, as Robert spoke about earlier, we continue to gain market share in that category and we think with the brand, the lineup, the innovation that we have, we'll continue to gain market share in that category throughout the year. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Greg. I think the thing that we've really been looking at, of course, we've had about a quarter worth of data that we've been evaluating as we continue to move through and we're learning as we see shopping behaviors of the Pro on the category and on the site, what they're looking at, what categories are really resonating well. We've been very pleased with receptivity of the site itself. We're measuring things such as category of products that are being purchased, assortments that are being evaluated. We're looking at the amount of channel pickup: are they picking up in-store, are they picking up through the delivery or is it being parceled. So we think we're very pleased with what we're seeing from that standpoint so far. As Robert said on Lowes.com, we grew roughly 20% in the quarter. And I think that continues to be driven by several factors and one of the most being the new innovation that we're putting on the site itself. When you look at what we've been able to do in the last first half of the year, the patio configuration tool, you've heard me talk about accessories helping the seasonal living categories in the quarter. There's no doubt that, that tool is really helping us from a dot-com standpoint. And then you look at what we've done to really be able to show product differently on the site. We've increased the number of 360-degree product views, another 3,500 items were added during the quarter in Q2, gets us up to roughly 15,000 items where we're able to spin the view of that category. Product videos, we talked about how increasingly the appliance shopper is going to dot-com first to evaluate product categories. We added another 200 videos into that category during the quarter, added 4,000 enhanced images and pictures to the site as well, introduced the search engine capabilities that we're looking at for more intuitive search. And so as a result of that, we saw traffic to Lowes.com increase 19% for the quarter and we saw a slight increase in conversion as well. So when you look at the holistic aspect of the dot-com platform, we feel very good with the innovations we've added, with the technology improvements that we've made. Like I said earlier, with LowesForPros, we're very pleased with what we've seen there. We've actually seen a double-digit increase in new customers to Lowe's that are on the site that had not previously shopped with us before, which is very exciting when we think through the rollout of the site itself. 
