Marvin Ellison: I'll take the first part of that. It was primarily unexpected. As I mentioned, we see and view our inventories first in, first out, and we had cost increases that were taken in 2018 with no offsetting steps to protect gross margin, which obviously was not a great decision. Because of the limitations within our system and the transition of our merchandising team, we literally had no visibility to those cost increases until the inventory that was increased in costs started to hit the P&L as it layered and sold through with inventory turns. So our legacy systems really gave our merchants and our finance team limited visibility to these changes until it literally hit the P&L. So we did not have an expectation this was going to happen.  The good news is that we've upgraded our systems to provide better visibility to costs and retail pricing actions. We now have the ability to prioritize which pricing actions to take. And as Dave mentioned, we've taken mitigative steps and actions to address this. Where we have made the changes, some pricing actions, we feel good about the year-over-year performance in our gross margin. We're just continuing to work through the issue. And again, it was not something we planned coming into the quarter. 
Marvin Ellison: So this is Marvin. I'll take your question. From a promotional cadence, it was consistent with last year. So this was not driven by increased promotions. As a matter of fact, we believe strongly that not only did this dilute gross margin, but it also diluted sales. So our pricing architecture, we look at it head, core, tail. Head items are items that are price-sensitive, most often scraped by our competitors, where we have to be price-competitive. And so we're going to be competitive on those head items. Typically, what happens, if you receive a cost increase, you're not going to increase your retails of your head items because it makes you nonprice-competitive. So that does not happen. Instead, what you do is you find items that are inelastic within that same assortment, and you make the adjustments there. We didn't make any adjustments, nor did we promote lower prices. So we just basically decremented margin at point-of-sale and we decremented top line at point-of-sale as well. Our promotional cadence was the same. We desire to be less promotional, not more promotional. And again, our promotional strategy was a lot different from last year in terms of days, offers or inventory. 
Marvin Ellison: So I'll take the first part of that, and I'll let Dave provide any additional context. So as I discussed and Dave mentioned, this was worth about 90 basis points. And again, each of [ them ] has visibility, we didn't know this was going to start hitting the P&L. To be quite candid, some of these cost increases were taken 40 or 50 weeks ago and without any mitigating actions I mentioned to offset gross margin. So as we work through making these adjustments, where we have implemented pricing action to gross margin [indiscernible] versus last year, which is [indiscernible]. If we're taking additional taking strategic pricing actions that [indiscernible] impacted 2019, we're confident it's working. We typically are taking the time to analyze the results to make sure that we understand the full benefit to '19. And because of that, we felt it prudent to update the guidance because this is an ongoing effort. So that's the operational execution side of it.  And the good news is the partnership between finance, merchandising, led by IT, we have significantly better visibility to all pricing actions, to cost increases. We have now one team responsible for approving and managing our cost and retail increases. We also have a very basic retail philosophy. That is if you accept the cost increase, you need to take mitigating steps to offset gross margin. That's not unique in retail, but it was unique to Lowe's until Q1. So we now have our arms around this, and that's the operational execution side of it. And I'll let Dave speak to any of the accounting side. 
Marvin Ellison: So, Mike, I'll take the first part of that, and I'll let Bill jump in if he has any additional color. It is rather widespread because some of the categories that these actions were taken in. Quite candidly, we're trying to understand the logic of the cost increases across multiple categories. The good news is we now have visibility to what they were, and we're putting the processes in place to go back and correct those issues. As you can appreciate, Michael, we're in a very competitive environment. And so we just can't go out arbitrarily and raise prices. There's a degree of analysis required to make sure that we are raising prices in categories that are, in fact, inelastic. And so as we lay out our head, core, tail, head being the key price-sensitive categories, the tail being the least price-sensitive categories, we have to be very diligent to make sure that we just don't go across the entire business and just arbitrarily raise prices because then you're going to have a negative impact on top line. So as Dave mentioned, we are doing this in a very structured, very surgical way, and the good news is that the action we're taking is working. But we're analyzing it as we go to ensure that we're making the right decisions for the business. And that's all ongoing. And so we just thought it was prudent to adjust guidance based on the ongoing efforts with the expectation and the confidence that we're going to get this done, and we're going to be successful. And the good news is we think this will benefit us, not only for the balance of 2019. We're going to solve a problem that's been a legacy issue here for a while, and that issue will be behind us. And I'll let Bill talk about any other pricing concerns in the work that he and his team are doing to make sure that we continue to work with our suppliers to ensure that we are competitive from a cost perspective. 
Marvin Ellison: And Mike, I think it's worth me noting that we're looking at this short, medium to long term. So short term, we've improved visibility for the merchants on all pricing actions. We've eliminated the need to look at numerous systems, multiple reports to get basic pricing and cost information. We now have one team in place to manage cost and price. We now have the ability to prioritize which pricing actions we take to have the greatest impact on gross margin. Believe it or not, in Q1, we couldn't do that. We have a really simple philosophy that's pretty consistent in retail. And that is if you take a cost increase for any reason, you've got to offset that within the portfolio with actions to protect gross margin. All of these things sound basic, but these things didn't exist in Q1. So that's short term.  By Q4, Seemantini, our Chief Information Officer, is implementing a new price management system. It's going to be rolling out. It's cloud-based. It's agile. It's going to enhance the visibility for the entire merchant and finance team on pricing. It's going to be a single repository for pricing for Lowe's, something we currently don't have. And that's going to -- that is being developed as we speak. This would get us to parity.  Then the acquisition of Boomerang's retail analytics platform in 2020, we're going to integrate that to this new price management system. This is going to give us a best-in-class system on both price intelligence and price management. And this is another example that this is a multiyear transformation. So we've got short-term actions that we're taking right now. We've got actions later this year that's going to get us to parity with a pricing management system in 2020. We believe with the acquisition of Boomerang's retail analytics platform, we're going to have a best-in-class pricing system. And that's the cadence that we'll follow. 
Marvin Ellison: So Mike, it's a fair question. We still feel good about the outlook we gave at the Analyst and Investor Conference this past December. There's a lot of work to do, and my team knows that one of my favorite comments is that all of the easy jobs are filled. So when we came here to take this on, we knew we're working for a great company with an outstanding balance sheet, but a comp that has underperformed this sector for a significant amount of time. If Q1 proved anything, it proved that this team can drive sales. And so we're pleased with our sales performance, and we're not going to decelerate our aggressive approach to driving sales. But when we think about what drives our sales and what we think allowed us to be successful in Q1, we think it's about getting in stock, about the investment and job lot quantities, about the improvements in customer service, about the space productivity that the MST team is helping to drive and the focus that Joe talked about in pro. We're in the early stages with pro. We understand that there are other things that we will do. We have a great platform in MSH that we are going to be talking about later this year. We have some initiatives we're working on with same-day job site delivery. We've got this wonderful unique pilot with FedEx on the same-day delivery bot that is going to change and revolutionize how you get product to pro customers. And so we have a long-term view, but we're just really pleased that the fundamentals that we've put in place for our business are paying dividends in Q1. And we think that's going to continue for the balance of the year. We simply have to get our arms around these issues.  And the last point I'll make is, are we going to have surprises? I'm sure we will. But when I look around the table at the men and women that are on this leadership team, we have people who have the experience, the talent and the expertise to solve these issues. And as devastating as the margin impact was in Q1 with these unanticipated, fully thought out cost increases, the team rallied, got our arms around it, and we're going to be able to resolve this as the year progresses. 
Marvin Ellison: So Zach, I'll take the first part, and I'll let Bill Boltz give you some specific information. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, I mean, 16% is improvement. And I am really pleased with the new leadership. We have an entirely new leadership team focused on our online business. We have a CIO who has a deep understanding of the online space. And so there's a great partnership happening right now, and there's a lot of what I call infrastructure and foundational work being done. One of the key things that we're in the middle of doing is taking this platform from a mainframe platform to cloud-based. And that's going to be significantly important to us because it's going to give us much more agility, and we can create a lot more dynamic responses to our customers. So I'll let Bill talk about what drove the business in Q1, but we think we're only at the early stages of what's going to be a tremendous business platform for us over the next couple of years. 
Marvin Ellison: Chris, I'll take the first part of this, and I'm going to let Joe McFarland talk a little bit about pros. Because as we look at Q2, when you separate the business from seasonal, we think the key to really driving the sales in Q1 was in the pro customer. We mentioned that pro significantly outperformed DIY for the quarter. And the thing that the pro customer does for us, it drives sales force space productivity because the pro shops the entire store. So when Bill talked about the power of MST and improvements in in-stock, that impacts the pro across the entire store. But I think the pro is really the key for us, was a key in Q1, will be the key for the balance of the year. And I'll let Joe just talk about some of the successes we saw and some of the things that we have planned moving forward. 
Marvin Ellison: Brian, it did not. If anything, they hurt sales. Because our gross margin was negatively impacted, because we had cost increases that were taken in 2018 with no mitigating steps to offset gross margin. Our system visibility was so limited that merchants that took position in 2018 later in the year, and in some cases in 2019, had no visibility that these cost increases had even been accepted. And because of the first-in, first-out nature of our inventory and the layering impact of our inventory, we just start to recognize the cost until we turned the inventory in those items where we have, except the cost increases, started to flow through the stores and started to flow through transaction. So we had no visibility to it. And so it was a discrete kind of issue of cost increases, no steps to offset it. So as we look at it, we have, again, a pricing architecture of head, core, tail. And if we receive a cost increase and we accept it, what Bill will do is he'll work with the finance team supporting him, and they will take steps to find offsetting retail increases in nonprice-sensitive categories, i.e. tail items. Those items will then offset cost increases that you take, that you cannot affect retail in competitively priced items. We didn't do any of that. So in essence, we took cost increases, and we took no actions to raise retail. And because of that, we've decremented our gross margin, and we decremented our top line sales. So it is the worst of both situations. Now we're going back, as I mentioned and Dave have mentioned, and we're taking very specific actions to address those issues. And we're taking pricing actions, and we've been taking those actions for the past weeks. And where we've taken those actions, and those products are flowing through the stores and turning, we're seeing our gross margin improve on the items where we've taken the pricing action. We're still working through it. And so what we're trying to do is analyze the actions we're taking, making sure that we're not negatively impacting sales, and that we're solving the problem we're intended to solve. And that's taking time, and that's why we want to be prudent and update our guidance based on the analysis that's currently underway. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, what I will say is they're as expected. We have some big events, including this weekend, coming up. We feel like our in-stock position is as good as it's ever been. We feel like our staffing levels are as good as they have ever been, and we feel like that our stores are set and we are signed and we are marketing for success. As frustrated as we are by the gross margin performance and the poor decisions made and the limited system visibility on cost increases, we're correcting that. But we want to be crystal clear that we are aggressively going after sales. And we believe that the success that we have in Q1 will carry over into the balance of the year because it was driven by in-stock improvement, service improvement, improved space productivity and driving the pro sales. And we think we can maintain that in Q2 and for the balance of the year. 
Marvin Ellison: The short answer is yes. We have taken aggressive steps -- let me rephrase that, more aggressive steps to make sure we analyze, review and do systemic reviews of every single thing we can imagine so not to have another unexpected event like we experienced in Q1. And we're going to continue to be laser-focused on that. And the good news is we have people around the table with deep experience and deep expertise. The good news is we changed a lot of merchants, which was disrupted. We accept that, but we did it on purpose. Because we wanted to have the right merchant leaders sitting in position through spring of '19, so they could help us plot our strategy for fall, for spring of 2020 and beyond. And we have merchants with deep experience. We've got merchants with 30, 40 years of category experience now sitting in these vice president roles. And so they are helping us identify additional issues, but they have the skill set to solve them. And we now have the technical expertise in-house to get the right systemic solutions. And so, yes, we're doubling our efforts, making sure that we limit the number of surprises that will get us in the future. 
David Denton: Sid, I think if you look at that number, it changed only modestly. So I think that our estimates were pretty spot on from that perspective. And we do not anticipate change in our cap structure of 2.75x based on that adjustment. 
David Denton: Yes. So maybe I'd like to step back and give a little color on our guidance and kind of lay it out as we cycled into Q1. As we look very near term from a Q1 sales performance, we continue to see that consistent with our expectations. And our gross margin trends, as we cycle into Q2, are materially consistent with what we've seen in Q1. However, as Marvin indicated, in the areas we have taken pricing actions, we have began -- we have just begun to see some improvement performance versus trend and versus OI. And our guidance reflects the fact that we still need to implement more actions. And quite honestly, we need more time to make sure that we analyze and fully understand the net effect of all the changes that we are currently implementing. So you're going to see this improvement bleed also into Q2, but importantly into 3 and 4. And I think we won't see major trends inflection in Q2 as much as we'll see in 3 and 4 as we bleed this inventory, these pricing actions through our system, as we're currently doing as we speak. 
David Denton: Yes. The vast majority of the impact will affect the gross margin line. I would expect us, our performance to get better later as we're -- as we said earlier, as we're taking action at the moment, that will bleed into our performance as we cycle through the year. So I think it'll be disproportionately affecting Q2 and -- versus 3 and 4. 
David Denton: I also think it's important to add that we had positive comps in 10 of 13 merchandising departments. And we saw growth beyond the seasonal categories, in categories like -- merchandising departments like millwork, like flooring, some of these areas that we've discussed in the past that have struggled, that we saw positive growth on. So I'm real pleased. Again, as I said in my comments, positive comps in paint, right, where we have struggled all year last year. And so that trajectory is on the right path. So we're excited about what's going on there. 
