Robert Hull: I think as Nick described in his comments, we did have some pressure early in the quarter based on the heat. Nursery business came back; in fact, was double-digit comp in October, so that certainly helped. But as Nick stated in his comments, nursery was still below the Company for the quarter. So certainly that did help, having improved or more normal weather in October relative to the first two months of the quarter.
Robert Hull: You’re right. The outdoor categories are a lower percentage of our mix of total business in the fourth quarter. That’s certainly contemplated in our outlook. We feel good about our plans for the upcoming holiday seasons. We think the more typical products for this season will be the drivers of comp improvement as you think about the trimming tree category, as you think about tools and appliances, things of that nature, are more typical focuses versus your nursery category.
Robert Hull: Steve, we did not. I can give those to you. The tickets below $50 were essentially flat. Tickets above $500 were up just shy of 1%.
Robert Hull: Good morning, Mike. This is Bob. I’ll start out with some comments on the expenses and let others chime in; then we can move on to the second part of your question. So really two thoughts – first, a large proportion of the leverage in this quarter came from bonus leverage, 31 basis points. As you know, our sales came in below our guidance and earnings came in at the lower end of our guidance. Our bonus plans are largely predicated on plan, so we performed a little bit lower than we expected versus plan. Second, a lot of work’s been done by the store operations team regarding store payroll – real focused on decomposing processes, leveraging thoughts from the field as to how we could do things better. As a result, we have a greater proportion of hours in customer facing activities and the stores have been able to reduce the number of hours to run-up a Lowe’s store by almost 400, so a lot of work by the store operations team to continue to refine the payroll model, which is going to help us in the back half of 2010 and beyond. On the store closing question, we did close two stores in November 7, just after quarter-end. As we noted in the past, we continue to evaluate our stores and the markets they’re in, both current and expected performance. After a thoughtful evaluation of these two stores, their markets and projected growth for the next five-plus years, we felt like the best decision was to in fact close those stores.
Robert Hull: (Inaudible) roughly 400 hours per week, and I’m not going to provide you the percentage which would give you the base hours, which we choose not to provide.
Robert Hull: We would evaluate the cash that’s available. As I mentioned, free cash flow is forecast to be $2.6 billion for the year. We continue to evaluate, as I mentioned earlier, our expenditures, specifically payroll. We continue to evaluate our CAPEX. So Scot, I think all that would come into play – what’s the cash generated by the business less cash required for CAPEX and dividends, and that’s the cash left over for share repurchases. So we would go through that process to determine the cash that’s available given the new leverage target of 1.8 times lease adjusted debt to EBITDAR.Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: All right. Thanks a lot, Bob.
Robert Hull: --on the quarter, really due to a change in tax legislation. There was an additional sales tax added to installed sales so we saw a huge ramp-up in installed business ahead of that change, which took effect in July. That was really contemplated in our Q3 outlook, so our consolidated comps were 0.2% and the U.S. comps were also 0.2% given the fact that we only had 14 comp Canadian locations. It really didn’t have an impact on the consolidated total.
Robert Hull: Brian, this is Bob. I’ll take kind of the first piece of it. As we talked about in the first half of the year, we bought a lot of appliances, so for us to get our appliance inventory back inline we had to slow our appliance purchases. So that’s what you see in conflict with some of the manufacturers, is our purchases from them would have been skewed towards the first half of the year. As we worked to get our inventory back in line, we would have moderated our purchases which would have been a negative for them. Our appliance inventory is in great shape. We feel good about where we are today, but our appliance inventory has moderated from the first half of the year.
Robert Hull: Not much changed during the quarter. That big ticket, higher average comp was driven by the appliances, as Nick talked about, the patio furniture and grills – less markdowns there. So that contributed to big ticket performance relative to last year, and the last piece of that was inflation in lumber build materials. So all of that was fairly consistent throughout the third quarter.
Robert Niblock: Hey Budd, this is Robert Niblock. Yeah, to date I don’t think we’ve seen anything dramatically ramp up in promotional environments. You have seen a few things as pertain to Black Friday, a few competitors starting to signal either advance Black Friday promotions, those type of things. So we do think that between now and certainly Black Friday, heading into the rest of the holidays, that you may see a little bit of an elevated promotional impact. We’ve taken that into account in our guidance as we’ve looked at what we think will happen from an EBITDA margin standpoint in Q4 compared to Q3; and so that is contemplated in our guidance. So in an environment like this where unemployment’s at 9.6%, the consumer is still, as it pertains to large projects, still having to be kind of enticed to spend on those large projects. We think that you will see probably a slightly elevated impact over the balance of the holiday season; but as I’ve said, we think we’ve adequately taken that into account via the guidance that we’ve provided today as it pertains to the fourth quarter.
Robert Niblock: Yeah, you saw obviously coming out of the first half of the year where we had all the cash for appliances programs, you saw obviously they were ramping up to try and build back the inventory that was depleted from that. We’ve continued to see good performance in our appliance category – once again, one of the categories that was above our overall Company comp, and we’re expecting a good appliance sell through in the fourth quarter as well. So yeah, I think that is to the fact that they have ramped up inventory and probably have inventory to move. It also leads to some of that—my comments with regard to probably slightly enhanced promotional activity over the balance of the quarter.
Robert Niblock: I’ll start, Michael, then I’ll ask Greg Bridgeford to join in. I think—in the past, housing turnover has been as important in the past. I would think it’s still important today and it’ll be important in the future because, as you know, it provides a natural incident for the homeowners who need to come and buy products related to the home in our industry. Obviously what’s been challenging is even though that there’s been still continued positive correlation associated with that, the bigger issue is the more than offsetting fact that the pullback you’ve seen in overall demand with unemployment where it’s at and with home prices continuing to drop. You know, home prices were down about 29% when they bottomed in January or so earlier this year. When you had the stimulus programs for the home buying tax credit, you saw a little bit of a pick back up; but now home prices are falling again and probably anticipated to fall through at least the middle of next year, so you’ve probably got another four to eight percent or so, potentially, on home price decline. And even though we’re gaining jobs, that’s still not growing fast enough to drop the unemployment rate on the jobs front So even though you’re seeing fundamental improvement, the majority of the decline of home prices is behind us, we are gaining jobs – all those type of things are positive signs. Those two halo effects – employment and the continued decline in home prices – probably offset or kind of water down what you would normally see as that correlation you’ve been able to draw on in the past between housing turnover and our sales. So housing turnover is still important, but it’s offset by some of these other factors. Greg, did you--
Robert Niblock: I think, Michael, what we’re saying is that over the long term, housing turnover is a strong correlator; but what’s taking place now and the impact on the consumer mindset has been how that’s impacting their spending patterns. That’s even more important today given that house prices are likely to decline modestly into 2011 and unemployment rises from here, that’s still going to be a driver of our business into 2011. Longer term as we think beyond 2011, I think the housing turnover would be a stronger correlator as it has been in the past.
Robert Niblock: Brian, this is Robert. Yeah, we talked earlier in the year we had strong double digit positive comps in appliances through the first half of the year heavily driven by the stimulus program, the cash for appliances program. As we saw the early indications on a state-by-state basis, those appliance sales, we did some opportunistic buys because we were concerned how much production capacity would be out there. We secured that inventory from a major manufacturer which then provided us the inventory to be able to sell through. But even without the cash for appliances program, we still would have seen very strong comps over the first half of the year. Now, we did expect that to soften some in the third quarter, and that was part of the reason when we gave our guidance from second quarter going to third quarter of the increase that we thought we would see on gross margin, it was because of the impact – mix from very strong double digit appliance comps in the quarter negatively impacted our margin. We expected them to soften but still run above the Company average in the third quarter, which then improved them. From a mix standpoint, we didn’t have that drag on gross margin that we had in the second quarter. I suppose it kind of rebalanced. And then we’re still expecting from our plans to have strong appliance sales in the fourth quarter. We still expect appliances to lead our overall comp guidance for the fourth quarter.
Robert Niblock: Dave, this is Robert. If you’re taking out lumber, yeah, you probably are going to see some slight inflation trends. You’re seeing a lot of increase in commodity prices that are out there. We are starting to hear, particularly on the wage front in China and Asia and those other areas, that there’s probably going to be fairly strong wage inflation. You know, in the short term, I think basically all of our contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars, but certainly as you’re doing your re-buys and redoing those contracts, then certainly there will be some inflation that will creep in. So yeah, as you look at it over the next several quarters, you probably will have some slight positive impact on comps as it pertains to inflation.David Strasser – Janney Montgomery Scott: So what you’re basically saying, though, is even as this inflation comes, you’re pretty confident that you could pass through sort of that inflation, that type of Asian wage inflation, to your customer.
Robert Niblock: David, also we talked about the strength in our commercial business and our installed sales business driven by some of the investments that we made last year heading into this year with our district commercial accounts specialist and our project specialist exteriors which focuses on installation of those key exterior projects around the home. And as you know, both of those businesses generally run a higher average ticket. So a little bit of remixing there between that and our retail business would have also helped that as well.David Strasser – Janney Montgomery Scott: All right, thanks. That was great. Thank you very much.
Robert Niblock: Thanks, and as always thanks for your continued interest in Lowe’s. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our fourth quarter results on February 23. Thanks and have a great day.
