Marvin Ellison: Simeon, this is Marvin. We purposely have not set a target for Pro penetration. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we really started focusing on the basics. And now we're elevating to a more strategic phase in Pro. We also stated a while back that we estimate our Pro penetration today as between 20% and 25%. Now having said that, based on my history in this business, in the space, in Joe's history and experience in this space, we can see over time our Pro penetration getting between 30% and 35%. And we think that's the trajectory that we're currently on, but we have purposely not set a target because I've learned in the past when you set a target then you can oftentimes hit the target, but you do it at the expense of running a good business, and we're just really focused on serving the customer right now. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. Simeon, it's a good question. I'll take the first part. I'll let Dave provide any financial perspective. But I mean we're very excited and we're very bullish on the home improvement industry in general. If you look at the macro factors that really impact this business and have historically impacted this business as things like low mortgage rates, rising home prices, the age of housing stock, improved household formation trends and also strong consumer balance sheets, I mean all of those specific macro factors are pointed in the right direction for us. In addition to that, when there's home price appreciation, that actually benefits home improvement. It may not benefit the overall housing market, but when consumers decide to stay in their existing home and make investments in upgrading the home, that correlates to really strong home improvement sales.  And as the housing stock continues to age, we're in a repair and maintenance business, that's a significant part of what we do. So when we look at home improvement, we see really robust year-over-year growth potential relative to the macro. And then if we look at just the things that we control. I mean we've been very transparent that there have been many strategic mistakes made in this business over the past 5-plus years. And so we have what we believe is enormous upside in revenue and operating income by continuing to invest in really smart, strategic initiatives that we think will drive the business forward. And we think Q1 reflects our ability to do that with our gross margin and operating and comp performance. I'll let Dave add any additional comments if he has them. 
Marvin Ellison: And Michael, this is Marvin. The only point I'll add to that is we were up against a 20.4% comp in the month of April in the U.S., and we comped almost 14% on top of that. So we feel really good about that. That exceeded our expectations, we think exceeded our internal plans. And it also demonstrates to us that even going up against some of the spike demand from last year, we still can perform at a high level. So we actually felt great about our performance in April. But it demonstrates when you're up against significant surge in demand, you're going to see sales comp pressure, and that's to be expected. 
Marvin Ellison: Michael, coming from someone who has worked in a couple of different retail formats, I've always said that home improvement has probably the most suspect market share data on a short-term basis of any retail segment. So to be quite candid, when we look at the amount of growth we delivered in the sales revenue that we generated and we look at it on a 1-year or 2-year comp basis, we can't [ quabble ] about losing market share.  We're really focused on the broader market. And we've said consistently that in this COVID environment, and this is going to be current and post-COVID, the retailers that are: most capitalized and can make investments in omnichannel and omnichannel fulfillment; and creating different channels with customers to shop; and can lean into technology; and can also leverage the supply base as our merchants and supply chain were able to do over the past quarter will win and will take broader market share. And we believe that we did that. And so we feel very, very comfortable with our market share position and performance and with our prospects for the rest of the year. 
Marvin Ellison: And Chris, this is Marvin. You can appreciate the challenge we have, looking at the overall macro outlook for the business with all the dynamics occurring in the marketplace. The good news is, is the better the macro performs, the better we'll perform. We feel great about the things that we control and some of the tools and some of the processes we put in place and some of the decisions of the leadership team are really paying dividends. And as David said a couple of times already today, we're committed to outperforming the broader market and improving operating margin. And if the macro improves significantly above the robust scenario then our business will perform equally as well. And that's how we're approaching it. 
Marvin Ellison: I will -- I'll start it off. What I can tell you is we're just really pleased that the merchants were able to create such strong supply relationships that we could keep up with demand in an unprecedented environment of unit demand. So I'll let Bill talk about units and how we're performing and kind of how we feel about the rest of the year. 
Marvin Ellison: Scott, this is Marvin. I think it goes directly to our total home market acceleration strategy where we talk about continuing to invest in online, which is really more omnichannel focused, making sure that we're investing in our installation services business and also improving our overall performance with the Pro. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, I mean all of our customer segments are really important, and we are focused more intently on being a customer-focused business. The Pro adds a different dimension because of the frequency of how the Pros shop and also how the Pro shops throughout the entire store. And one of the strategic mistakes made in the past here is not understanding that customer and understanding the economic value of that customer.  So we're going to continue to stay really focused on that customer. But I would say those 3 things, omnichannel, ensuring that we can continue to have a really robust and seamless installation service business and focusing on the Pro are 3 of our priorities. But the whole Total Home strategy encompasses what we're going to be leaning into for the next couple of years. 
Marvin Ellison: We're not seeing it. I'll give you thoughts. I'll let Dave give a more financial perspective. I mean we feel really good about this business and this business model. As I look at home improvement as an overall retail sector, I just think that even though we're all just totally fatigued, both mentally, physically with the pandemic, and there's nothing that we can say positive about operating through with all the health and safety issues that we've all dealt with both business and personal, when you look at the macro for home improvement, it's a very positive backdrop. And as we look at forward-looking quarters and into next year, even with the inflation we're seeing in certain areas, specifically lumber and copper, we just don't believe that that's going to create an impediment for growth or significant headwinds for this business sector.  I'll let Dave add any other comments. 
Marvin Ellison: Brian, it's been -- when we talk about broad-based, it's more consistently broad-based than any time I can remember in my career. I mean we have 15 geographic regions and 3 divisions. And as I had said in my prepared comments, I mean all of our regions were in north of 18%, all divisions north of 20%. And when we look at top 40 markets or look at our top metropolitan areas, it is just surprisingly strong and consistent, with very few outliers in the negative.  And so that points to us that there are just good underlying financial metrics and balance sheet positive aspects for customers that is showing up in how they spend in our business. It also demonstrates that we're running a more consistent business. But the short answer is we're not seeing any negative outliers. When we look at customer mobility with -- and even when we were seeing COVID spikes around the country and vaccination rates, we still didn't see any major differences in overall revenue performance in those pockets of the country. So we feel good about that. And it points to what we believe will be very positive signs for the rest of the year, and that's what we're hoping and praying for. 
Marvin Ellison: Steve, the results from Pro equally balanced between new and existing customers. As Joe mentioned in his prepared comments, the key for us will be just continuing to get a larger percent of wallet of our existing customers. If we didn't attract one new customer and we were able to get a greater percent of spend from existing customers, that would solve our Pro penetration for the next 2-plus years. So that tells you that our greatest opportunity is just getting our existing customers to buy more. But at the same time, with the loyalty program that Joe and his team launched, we're seeing incredible growth in new customers, and we're seeing also customers be very attracted to our new credit program, and that's a great sign for us to see the acquisition of new customers. Joe, I don't know if there's any other points you would make. 
Marvin Ellison: Steve, we're not going to publicly share a lot of that detail. Obviously, we're tracking it. But for competitive reasons, we typically don't share it externally. What I can tell you is that we've been pleased with the launch of loyalty and CRM, both programs are exceeding expectations. We had some delays, or, I'd say, pauses in the rollout due to COVID, we're now leaning into it. We are excited about the amount of data that we're collecting, and we're more excited about the feedback from our customers on how they feel about the visibility of what they're buying, how they're buying it and just the overall connectivity. So we look forward at some point in the future to sharing more details. But for now, I mean, we're not going to share a lot externally other than to say we feel great about the progress we're making in the trajectory of the business, specifically with that customer. 
David Denton: Yes. Simeon, the only other thing that I would add is that obviously, over the next several years, we anticipated that the millennial customer would begin to migrate into the home ownership position. I think what has happened through COVID is that macro trend has probably accelerated. So probably given the industry segment a bit more tailwinds as we think about the next several years. 
David Denton: Liz, this is Dave. I'll start with that question there. I think what you're looking at here is we have a very specific investment thesis really as we launched it in 2020 and into '21. And I think if you look at the thesis that we have and all the priorities that we have, I think we feel like we're very well positioned making the right investments to grow our business long term, improve our operating performance.  I do think we're also very focused on the fact that we can't really predict the macro in the back half of this year, but we are very committed to doing 2 things: one is we're going to grow market share this year; and two, we're going to improve our operating margin performance. And we do expect that to be -- if the market holds up with a robust or above robust, around 12% operating margin, and that's our focus for this year. 
David Denton: Yes. I'll -- First, as you look at, I guess, our performance by month through the quarter, if you look at it on a 2-year stack basis, yes, March was somewhat inflated if you think about tech, the recovery from the storm in Texas and other states as well as stimulus hitting that period. So I think we feel very good about kind of how we ended the quarter and the trends as we cycle into May from a sales perspective. And I think, listen, we're not giving guidance for the quarter. We continue to be focused specifically on making sure that we have great service. We have -- that we're in stock in the right categories, and we're supporting our consumers across our marketplace. And I feel like we're gaining momentum as we think about our business, both in 2020 and here as we cycle into '21. 
David Denton: Yes. Listen, I think -- this is Dave. We've had -- we've made a lot of investments from a product cost management and pricing perspective infrastructure here at Lowe's and feel very confident between the merchant and finance team on kind of managing that. It is not necessarily seasonally related. This is really about managing our everyday price and cost in a more effective manner overtime. I do think that we're still in the early stages of this journey as we think about the next several years to improve our performance here. Clearly, at the moment, we're -- as we said in our prepared remarks, there are some inflation pressures in our business that we're managing through. I do believe that we have -- we're continuing to invest in these tools and technologies to enable us to improve our margin performance over the longer term.  Now keep in mind, Chris, I just want to go back to what we said of our long-term financial algorithm here is really to maintain kind of flattish gross margins over time with the fact that we would improve the product margin, but we'll reinvest some of that product margin in the supply chain to drive performance and growth over the long term. 
David Denton: Yes. Chris, I just want to get ourselves focused. Listen, first and foremost, we've said about the fact that we've got to gain some market share. We've got to improve operating margin performance here, and we're trying to get to our 12% in the short term here. Beyond 12%, we have objectives and we believe we can expand it further, but let's at least get to our 12% margin first. And so we're just kind of laser-focused on making sure that we're delivering upon our commitments from that perspective. 
David Denton: Yes. Chuck, that business is in the mid-single digits penetration for our business. And we do think we have a big runway here. As Joe indicated in his prepared remarks, is that business was something that really wasn't invested in historically and was something that we had a really, I'd say, poor service model historically and was not the best from an operating performance perspective financially. I think we've now turned that business around and have a really nice foundation as we think about growing it. So I'll ask Joe to give a couple of comments on it. 
David Denton: Yes. The only thing I would add is -- just to reconfirm what Marvin said, we see no slowdown in demand at this point in time across our business and our categories. And I think if you speak to our Pro customers, we're hearing from them that they, one, are very busy at the moment, and two, have extremely long backlogs at this point in time. So I think this demand will continue for some period of time. 
David Denton: Yes. So obviously -- this is Dave. Obviously, the biggest expense lever we have is how we manage operating salaries across our business and probably labor a little bit in the supply chain. I think what we've done is we've -- we have invested in tools, in processes to really allow us to effectively manage that labor component and really adjust it based on demand that we're seeing from a profile perspective. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe. 
Joseph McFarland: Yes. Thanks, Dave. I'll just make a few comments. You heard in my prepared remarks the performance, very, very pleased that we've attracted industry veterans that really understand the complexities of being inside the home, and especially in the COVID environment, in all the platforms that we have been focused on, the consolidation of installers across the country, and remaining laser-focused on the programs that we really want to drive, and that's all under the same umbrella as our Total Home strategy. So we're very pleased with the team's efforts. I'm very pleased with all of our installer partners across the country and looking forward to a great continued momentum here. 
Joseph McFarland: Brian, thanks for the question. And I will point out the 3 major points of the PPI initiative that we talk about. First is the investment in technology to reduce the tasking hours. We've been doing that very effectively. Secondly is the improvement in customer service with those changes. And then finally, the overall sales productivity and sales per square foot productivity at the stores. And I think we've given some examples: the digital signs in appliances; digital signs in lumber; the investments we're making in the Pro area; the investments we've made on the front end. And so I think the overall investment thesis that we have in driving this PPI really speaks to choppy times or good times that we have to leverage the business. 
Joseph McFarland: Yes. Thanks, Marvin. The only thing I would add, we started our journey in the Pro over 2 years ago. We talked a lot about the basics, the price service, the right brands. And now we're focused on that strategic phase of the Pro growth. So things like building out our Pro loyalty database, the new CRM, the redesigned store layout and the tailored shopping experience. So we believe that we have attracted a lot of new customers. We're growing the wallet of our existing customers. And again, I'm very pleased with the Pro team, their focus and everything that, that team has accomplished in the last 2 years. 
