Robert J. Gfeller: Sure, Eric. This is Bob Gfeller. And as we look at being competitive every day, there is price transparency in the marketplace for the customer. And we've got to make sure, therefore, that whatever channel the customer desires to search products at Lowe's, we're priced competitively. In order to be priced competitively, we've got to make sure that working with our vendors we have the lowest possible acquisition costs. And in order to do that, we really need to simplify the deal structures that we have with our vendors, and part of simplifying the deal is structure is to become less promotional. So as we are looking at our business, and each business is going to be a little different, certainly the big-ticket businesses that Bob talked to versus, let's say, the hardware business. We are working through a product line review cadence of all of our businesses over the next 12 months, utilizing our integrated planning and execution tools that I think we've talked about in the past with a more accelerated process to make sure that we're locally assorted correctly, as Robert mentioned, in every market, and we're priced right appropriately to the competition in the market. At the same time that we're working to tighten up our lines as it relates to stock product, we are looking to expand our online assortments dramatically. I think Robert referenced the 260,000 items on lowes.com by year end, and we need to continue to grow that so that as the customer shops Lowe's, again, depending on the channels they shop, they can take advantage of our growing flexible fulfillment capabilities. And so as we look forward all of this is to improve our ROIC, specifically as it relates to margin and timing. The implications are there is going to be margin friction as we go forward into 2012, but we expect by the time we get to the end of next year, we will have addressed 3/4 of our sales through this accelerated process, and the margin benefit of the rationalized cost should more than offset the retail price pressure by the second half of next year.
Robert J. Gfeller: Eric, this is Bob, again, Bob Gfeller. I was just addressing market share. Based on, I think, all the work that we have in the pipeline now, we like what we're seeing in market shares, it relates to some of our core businesses, paint and tools, nursery and building materials. We've got a couple businesses that are in transition, flooring and fashion bath. I think some of the scripts referenced some significant resets as it relates to the departments in our store as well as the product in the store as well as online. So we're looking to see advancement in sales and share on those 2 businesses. The ones that are harboring now are cabinets and appliances, and Millwork, as I think Ricky mentioned. They are big ticket. And we have significantly depromotioned ourself on Millwork, and we've got to work through that. As it relates to appliances, we are anticipating a solid fourth quarter on appliances.
Robert J. Gfeller: Mike, Bob Gfeller, again. As it relates to the resets, the end cap and drop zone resets that Robert referenced, 500 stores completed by first week of December. Additionally, we've updated our lawn and garden set in 200 of our stores, particularly in the deep south. And we were able to do it to catch the Fall Is For Planting season. And then, lastly, I think Bob referenced to the fashion bath resets that are actually just rolling out as we speak. I would tell you, overall, we are seeing positive results in the stores. It's a little early because the sets are really just taking hold. So our plan is that at our Analyst and Investor Conference in December, we'll be able to share more detail with you, as well as take you on a store tour during the conference so that you can actually see exactly what we've put in place.
Robert J. Gfeller: Michael, this is Bob Gfeller. As it relates to the benchmark item list and the expansion, that's actually -- we've been rolling that out over the past 30 days. So we've got -- we need some more time to be able to read that. Again, trying to be price competitive across multiple channels. Probably be able to share more of that with you in December.
Robert J. Gfeller: Peter, this as Bob Gfeller. I'll just hit the paint question very quickly. So in the paint business in the last quarter we had a good quarter, a lot of new product innovation from both Olympic and Valspar, our 2 primary brands. As it relates to the cost inflation, the TiO2, the main raw material continues to inflate, and it probably will continue to inflate. It's not that we weren't able to move prices up, but we just couldn't move them up enough to cover the inflation. It's not that we won't continue to test that as we move into the fourth quarter and into next year, so we'll see how much of that we can get back as we go forward.
Robert J. Gfeller: Colin, this is Bob Gfeller. I can -- just top line for you. So in the quarter on a rolling 4-quarter basis, dollar share we were up an 8, we were down an 8 and flat in one. On a unit share, we were up in 11, down in 6 and flat in one. And overall we held ground, if you look at total Lowe's.
Robert F. Hull: So Eric, this is Bob Hull. I'll take the first part of the question, which is the gross margin cadence, and let others chime in as it relates to market share. Specifically for fourth quarter, I think you can think about gross margin performance in Q4 similar to Q3, largely driven by the same factors, albeit some of the impacts of a different. We expect inflation to be a little bit lower. We expect EDLP price reduction impact to be a little bit greater. In addition, we'll take some markdowns as we work to start addressing underperforming inventory and SKU reduction. As Bob mentioned, there's probably some negative margin pressure in the first half of 2012 flipping to margin improvement beginning second half of '12 and beyond.
Robert F. Hull: Sure, Mike. As with the share repurchases, there were no share repurchases in the third quarter because our lease adjusted debt to EBITDAR target until that time was 1.8. We were concerned about bumping up against that target at that time. Given that we revised our outlook to 2.25x, we now will be active in the share repurchase department. So really, that was the largest driver of not being in the market for Q3.
Robert F. Hull: It is more towards traffic than ticket. If you think about the value proposition to promotional financing, which is $2.99 and above, it was already geared towards big tickets. The 5% off everyday was for those everyday purchases. So of the 90 basis point impact, 2/3 of that would have been from transactions.
Robert F. Hull: I think it's probably close to 10-or-so basis points, 10 to 20 at the top side. Really, I think, funded by lower promotional financing. One of the pass-through costs we have with our credit agreement with GE is we fund customer acquisition costs, whether that's promotional financing, which hits SG&A, or 5% of everyday, which hits margins. So basically what we're seeing is that the 5% off everyday is more productive than the promotional financing has been previously.
Robert F. Hull: Yes. So Alan, to remind you, our payout ratio right now is targeted to be 30% to 35%. As Robert indicated, no plans to update that at this point in time. The last part of your question dealt with cash flow negative stores. As we told you, again, in Q2 we made 53 of those. Basically, since that time half of them have closed. We continue to monitor the remaining 26 or so stores. We do believe that they have future viability, given actions we're taking and given the markets they are in and the expected turnaround in those markets.
Robert F. Hull: Really it has, Alan, nothing to do with proprietary credit program. That's just an opportunity for the customers to choose 5% off every day or promotional financing. As Rick indicated in his comments, the increase in inventory was due to some increases in holiday items, specifically storm products, as we think about gift-giving season. That was the kind of the focus of our efforts to increase inventory for Q4.
Robert F. Hull: And Peter, on the second part of your question. At this point in time, yes, I think it's fair to assume that guidance we provided in the past [indiscernible] change in comp, it's 20 basis points of EBIT impact. And then we will update you on our thinking long term at the Analyst Conference next month.
Robert F. Hull: Chris, as it relates to store closings, they were not in a comp base. However, we did see sales from the closed-store locations transfer to comp store locations. So the positive impact of that was offset by cannibalization from new stores that opened over the prior 4 quarters. So really no net impact of transfer for closed stores relative to cannibalization from new stores. Lastly, our quarter actually ends on Friday. So none of that would have showed up in our Q3.
Robert F. Hull: Sure. We've got some specific actions we're taking. We did have value prop Q4 last year, for example. We gave you the impact of Q3. We talked about a number of the changes that were taking place in market as it relates to product differentiation. We've indicated we're seeing positive results to date, so we expect more of the same in the fourth quarter. So, really, the change in trajectory is up as a matter of some of the specific actions we're taking and starting to see benefits of those actions.
Robert F. Hull: So you are correct that I said that we don't foresee any adjustment to the 2.25 in the foreseeable future, and what I would call more of a practical cost of capital versus an optimal. You can engineer a higher -- a lower debt rating and a lower cost of capital, but we don't think that's practical in this environment to balance liquidity and flexibility. From a cadence perspective, we believe it's going to be by the year-end 2012. So we're not going to raise $3 billion immediately. I think that's, on a cadence approach, between now and the end of 2012. And yes, obviously, more to come on long-term share repurchases next month at the Analyst Conference.
Robert A. Niblock: Yes. It's basically a wash on comps, Greg, as we had inflation in build materials, primarily roofing. We did have cost inflation in paint, but the margin pressure came because there was no retail inflation, offset by lumber and plywood deflation in the quarter. So the net impact of inflation on comps in Q3 was potentially 0, which is basically our forecast for Q4 as well.
Robert A. Niblock: Yes. Michael, this is Robert Niblock. As Bob indicated, I know I think it was on the second quarter conference call we talked about expanding our list of benchmark items. Once Bob put his value improvement team in place in his merchandising organization, they went back and they've taken another look at the list of benchmark items. So we've been a little bit delayed in rolling that out versus where we anticipated. So that's why kind of the delay that Bob talked about with being able to get a read on that. Certainly, as Bob described to you, not only are we -- have got this move back to EDLP, or if you want to call it EDLP plus, because we know there are certain big-ticket categories that you're going to need to promote at certain times of the year. And it's a cadence that we're going through now, as Bob is going through his line review process to get the pricing right and really trying to balance the price and promotion cadence that we have, and trying to make sure that we're doing it in a way where the customer is going to give us credit for that. So Bob and his team are being very disciplined in that process. As we go through it, we're reading what we're seeing and we'll make necessary adjustments along the way. But I think at this point, it's probably just a little bit too early to be able to give you any feedback on where we stand.
Robert A. Niblock: Absolutely. I think when you look at the significant amount of change that we put the organization through, any time you have that level of change there's got to be some amount of disruption associated with that. That was part of the reason that we tried to consolidate all of these changes and form together and execute them as quickly as we could, be it the change in the span of control in the field organization, the changes that were done here, for example, in Bob Gfeller's area in merchandising, going ahead and getting the necessary store closings behind us, the new approach to moving back to EDLP. All those things we wanted to try, and so that way we could then lay out the clear path forward for the organization, get everyone refocused on where we're moving in the future. And a lot of those changes, as we've said in our comments, are being driven by, one, where the customer's going, where the market is going. As Bob Gfeller talked about, price transparency is becoming greater and greater every day. And we think about other channels, Internet and those out there that we compete against as well, we've got to make sure that we're priced competitively every day across those channels so that long term, we're going to be able to provide the value proposition that consumers are looking for no matter what channel they choose to shop on. And that's also, while we're trying to continue to expand the Internet, for example, and bring other ways in to bear to be able to meet the consumers' needs, whether that's transaction projects in-home, if they want to do a major project and having a representatives in their home, whether it's buying online, whether it's buying in store, whether it's dealing with someone at our contact center to be able to ask a question, to be able to transact for that day. So we're trying to certainly approach it on a multi-channel, cross-functional basis and have a great cadence to it. But in the amount of changes, certainly, we understand that there were some disruption in the process, and we think that we've now gotten most of that behind us.
Robert A. Niblock: And Chris, this is Robert. Also keep in mind of the comments I made about the amount of disruption that we put the organization through in the third quarter this year. We've now got that behind us and got everyone refocused on the business, so I think that helps as well.
Robert A. Niblock: Thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our fourth quarter results on February 27. Have a great day.
