Michael McDermott: Michael, throughout the quarter -- this is Mike McDermott. Throughout the quarter, we saw an opportunity to improve our DIY value perception. We feel good about our competitiveness, our assortments, our brand portfolio and the innovation we're bringing to market. We've had to adjust our marketing to more frequently include lower price point values that are already in place throughout our product offering to drive increased traffic. 
Michael McDermott: I think we're seeing significant opportunity in both DIY and Pro as home improvement continues to do very well. As it relates to the competitors, there are many -- as you know, many competitors in the marketplace, and we've got to face them all. 
Michael McDermott: Yes. I'll tell you, we continue, Simeon, to optimize our media and improve our flexibility and responsiveness to the market opportunity and the weather, ultimately driving improved productivity as we spend on the spend and as we continue to drive traffic. We tried to toggle in and out of weather opportunities throughout the quarter and found that we suboptimized. Our objective, obviously, is to better connect with our customers through more personalized messaging tailored to their specific needs, and we continue to build capabilities to do that. We'll also continue to look for the most effective and efficient ways to drive traffic and build our brand across all of our assets. So that continues to be something that we fine-tune over time. 
Michael McDermott: Matt, this is Mike. I would tell you that some of the select pricing investments that we made were really tied to seasonal products, and we executed those mid-quarter. And we certainly saw some improvement, as I just mentioned. The other area of focus has been an investment in special order products, really, across our digital assortment, supporting our omnichannel to engage customers, both Pro and DIY, as they build out their projects and leverage our extended line design through our digital properties. So they are the areas of most significant focus in regard to those investments. 
Michael McDermott: It was really designed to -- with the market adjustments we made to try and capitalize on seasonal traffic, recognizing that both in the first in the second quarter, seasonal traffic is a significant driver of the traffic that engages with the portfolio. So that's why we did it to really complement the marketing adjustment and revert on the traffic. 
Michael McDermott: Yes. For the remainder of the year, Matt, we expect to partially offset the impact of some of those promotions and pricing investments. We have cost improvements from our line review process as well as refining that promotional strategy and eliminating the less-effective promotions as the year unfolds as well as fine-tuning our pricing actions based on the results that we're seeing. As you know, we constantly adjust our approach to optimize gross margin, making sure we deliver value to our customers while balancing the traffic and tick the equation. So that process is managed daily, and we do think we'll see improvement. 
Michael McDermott: Yes, I can talk to the categories with negative comp. They were the lawn and garden category and seasonal and outdoor living categories. 
Marshall Croom: It's really the latter. We're looking at geography shift with the gross margin pressure we experienced in the first quarter. We're going to experience pressure for the year in total, and we're anticipating roughly 20 basis points. But we do expect to be able to offset that on the SG&A line as we're going to get some visibility and traction through our productivity efforts. 
Marshall Croom: Simeon, this is Marshall. I'll address the RONA question. Basically, it will come in towards the tail end of the second quarter, then we'll be able to roll that into our comp numbers for the company. So -- and once we do that, we've already baked that into our guidance for the year. 
Marshall Croom: I'll just say that our credit card penetration for the private-label brand is roughly 28%. So we've seen that steadily grow over time. So when you look at the overall portfolio, just keep in mind that we are coming off of historically low delinquency rates and loss rates. So we're beginning to see a little bit of inflection there and believe that our portfolio is performing relatively well versus others in the marketplace but something we will keep an eye on. You have to be sensitive to how you adjust those terms for your customers because we do see those as sales driver and a tool that they will want. And the use of revolving credit, we see, is a strength to the consumer as they spend in 2017. 
Marshall Croom: As we talked about on the fourth quarter call and at our Analyst Day in December, we are increasing our operating discipline and our focus on productivity across the business to driving core strength and a core mindset. The big thing we want to make sure that we get across is this laser focus on productivity doesn't deflect or detract from our efforts to continue to drive our customer-centric omnichannel strategic initiatives. In fact, we see them as complementary. We believe this will continue to allow us to invest and grow in those key areas as the consumer continues to shift. In the quarter, we really focused on 2 key areas. First, that was the rollout and the change of our store stacking models, which was in place to help us drive improved leadership across the store, improved training and oversight to drive a better customer experience across the store. And we also changed our management complement here at the CSC to drive a leaner organization to become more nimble and drive more speed on decision-making. So we're very pleased with how both those initiatives are going and how the organization has responded to those actions. As we think broader about productivity, we're really focused on a few key areas as we continue to move forward, some that are strict productivity initiatives, others, which we believe will have consumer experience impact as well. First, expanding our production offices will continue to be a focus as we look to expand that into our southern division during the second half of the year, which really improves the communication of [indiscernible] business, drives it into our contact centers from a store model, improving our communication and efficiency and connectivity to the customer during that complex install process. We're also optimizing our freight load from the distribution centers, Mike spoke about that earlier, as we look to optimize lanes and flow as well as how we flow the product to the customer as this is the single biggest utilization of nonselling labor in the stores. So the teams are continuing to focus on how to get more effective and more efficient there. Third, we continue to tap alternate delivery options. We have centralized delivery tests ongoing in 4 markets currently, both small, medium and large, to understand how do we optimize our delivery networks more effectively, more efficiently. And then we'll continue to leverage our indirect sourcing opportunity across the enterprise to get stronger. So the core aspects of productivity, we think, will continue to drive the organization and help us deliver against our targets for the second half of the year. And we're pleased with the outcomes that's been implemented today. 
Marshall Croom: And Eric, this is Marshall. I'll just pile on just real briefly. The -- you were looking for ways to drive sales productivity. So anything, the process and capabilities that we need to deliver to drive better sales productivity as long as keeping an eye on our expenses, eliminating waste in order to more effective ways and to utilize our spend. So I hope that helps. And if I could just inject one clarification. Just received a note that the lease adjusted debt-to-EBITDAR is 2.27x. I think I said 12.27x. The rating agencies are on the line. Don't want to get them too excited. But it's 2.27x, and we anticipate getting to 2.21 by the end of the year. 
Marshall Croom: We did see the most significant pressure in our lawn and garden and seasonal and outdoor living businesses. From a lawn and garden perspective, we saw some inconsistent performance throughout the quarter really aligned with that weather that Robert just talked about, leading to a slightly negative comp. We weren't able to offset the underperformance in live goods with some of the positive performance in other areas in that division. But certainly, as weather has improved, we have seen improvement there as well as in our seasonal and outdoor living categories, particularly in patio. So as time moves on and weather stabilizes, we are seeing improvement in those categories. 
Marshall Croom: And this is Marshall. I'll just say that from March to April, we like that trajectory. So thus far in May, we're pleased with what we're seeing. 
Marshall Croom: And on the Easter shift, Dennis, it was a negative 0.5% in March versus the 1.2% I stated earlier. And then it was 3.2% on an adjusted basis for the Easter shift in April versus the 4% that I highlighted earlier. 
Marshall Croom: Yes. I would say, one, it's still a pending acquisition. We haven't received final regulatory approval for that. We did not bake that into our guidance. 
Marshall Croom: Well, I will disclose that it does show up in SG&A, so the whole program, income and cost flow through below the margin line. But it is in our operating margin. 
Robert Niblock: This is Robert. I will say, overall, the -- as Mike alluded to in his comments, we have been investing heavily in the Pro recently, certainly, with the addition of things like Marshalltown, SharkBite more recently and A. O. Smith as well as the other initiatives we've had over the past few years, the launch of LowesForPros.com [indiscernible]. So I will just say that we saw significant growth in the Pro customer more than 2x our overall comp. And then we take -- and as I said in my comments and highlighted the acquisition of Maintenance Supply Headquarters, the definitive agreement, and we'll get that acquisition closed. Combining that with Central, I think it's just going to give us opportunity to continue to perpetuate the great momentum that we had with the Pro customer. So really pleased with what the team delivered in the first quarter and also really excited about the opportunity that lies ahead as we continue to deepen our relationship, particularly as -- with the opportunity we see in the MRO business. 
Robert Niblock: Seth, I'll -- this is Rob Niblock. I'll start. As we look at the quarter, and as we indicated, there were certainly some weather challenges that impacted our seasonal performance. As you know, seasonal is a big category for us. We had strong comps that were going up against last year from a seasonal standpoint. So as Mike indicated, part of what was done with the heavy reliance on seasonal was to try and pursue some opportunity that we saw in indoor categories. As we toggled between those 2, we recognized that we probably had some opportunity to continue to improve our messaging around seasonal categories, value driving and traffic driving items. So Mike and his team started making those necessary adjustments. But when you look at -- for the -- when we look at the quarter, with -- as we look at it on balance, even with weather challenges, we were only slightly below our plan for the quarter. So all in all, considering weather, we ended up with a good performance against our plan. And as we said, we're making adjustments to continue to capitalize on the opportunity that we see in the market. 
Robert Niblock: Dennis, this is Robert. As this comps, as you know, that we mentioned -- or as I mentioned in my comments, are for the legacy Lowe's business that we have in Canada. The RONA business that we acquired, as Marshall said, it won't roll into comps until late in the second quarter. 
Robert Niblock: Well, certainly, Chris, when we look at comps, as we said, first quarter of this year, we were going up against tougher compares from a year ago. And that's why I think we had previously indicated on our fourth quarter call that we expected the best comps in our second and third quarter of the year were rolling up against our weakest compares. If you take the combination of being up against the tougher compares, weather challenges and how they hit in the quarter, you make a good point that you have to kind of look and bring all those factors to bear when you look at the performance. And as we said, overall, when we look at the business in the first quarter even with the weather, we delivered sales that were just slightly below our plan. And with the actions that Mike and his team were taking, I think we have good line to being able to recover that top line as well as being able to continue to mitigate some of the margin impact we had for the first quarter when we get past the acquisition -- the anniversary of the RONA acquisition and those things. 
Robert Niblock: And so once we get through the acquisition, then we would roll any impact that we see from that into our guidance the first time we update after the acquisition. 
Robert Niblock: And as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our second quarter results on Wednesday, August 23. Have a great day. 
