Robert Niblock: Good morning, and thanks for your interest in Lowe's. We delivered solid results for the second quarter. Comparable sales were 4.4% with an increase in comp transactions of 3.1% and an increase in comp average ticket of 1.3%.  As expected, we recovered most of the outdoor product sales missed in the first quarter due to unfavorable weather conditions, but discretionary interior projects did not perform as well as expected. Outdoor product sales were strong with a roughly 6.5% comp for the quarter while indoor comps were roughly 3%. All 14 regions had positive comps for the quarter. Likewise, all 12 product categories had positive comps. We saw particular strength in lawn and garden during the quarter, and the outdoor living experience we discussed on our first quarter earnings call drove success in patio furniture and accessories.  While seasonal categories were strong, we also saw strength in millwork, paint and tools and hardware, which were all above the company average. And we saw solid performance in line with the company average in fashion fixtures, flooring and lumber and building materials. We continue to see strength in our ProServices business, which outperformed the company average during the quarter. And I'm pleased to share that our team in Canada delivered double-digit comps in local currency for the fifth consecutive quarter. We remain focused on improving our profitability even while investing in key capabilities to drive sales growth. For the quarter, gross margin expanded 20 basis points, and we effectively controlled expenses, delivering 67 basis points of operating margin expansion and earnings per share of $1.04, an 18.2% increase over last year's second quarter. Delivering on our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, in the quarter, we repurchased $1.1 billion of stock and paid $183 million in dividends.  As we look at the backdrop for the second half of 2014, economic forecasts suggest continued strength in the home improvement market as employment, income and consumer spending levels continue to improve. At the same time, signals from the housing market appear mixed as home values have increased moderately while existing home sales, in total, have declined this year. However, when distressed sales are omitted from the data, which we believe is a more appropriate indicator of the long-term health of our industry, existing home sales have seen a slight increase through the first half of the year, revealing a more positive and sustainable trend. In light of the positive direct trajectory of these factors, we believe home improvement spending will continue to progress in tandem with strengthening job and income growth. This also aligns with recent consumer confidence ratings in our second quarter consumer sentiment survey, which revealed that home owner's views around personal finances and home values continues to improve.  Consumers are indicating stronger intentions to complete a home improvement project with most of them planning a specific project in the next 3 months. And while most of these planned projects are still small ticket, we are seeing a rise in home owners planning big-ticket projects.  Plans we have in place that support our continued top line growth. Our enhanced sales and operations planning process will help us capture seasonal opportunities in the second half of the year. We also remain focused on improving our product and service offerings for the Pro in order to drive sales for this important customer. And we will continue to build customer experience design capabilities that differentiate Lowe's from other home improvement retailers. Continued improvement in macroeconomic landscape, together with our strengthening execution, strategic priorities and keen focus on productivity and flow-through give us confidence in our business outlook for 2014.  Before I close, I would like to thank our employees for their hard work in achieving this quarter's solid results and for their continued dedication to serving customers while we further transform our business.  Thanks again for your interest. And with that, let me turn the call over to Rick. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, I'll start and talk about it, Eric, and then we've got Mike Jones in the room and he can jump in as well. Certainly, there has been a lot of changes in the organization. But I really feel really good about the transition. Greg retired earlier in the year, long-tenured employee, done a phenomenal job for the organization. Mike has jumped right in without missing a beat. I think that Mike and Mike McDermott, he's now our General -- our Chief Merchant, are both working hard to try and dissect, on a category-by-category basis, where we have opportunity, where we see, particularly with where our stores are located, with the way we go to market, our ability to try and develop better customer experiences and also, as we've mentioned several times, strength that we're trying to go after with the Pro -- an opportunity with the Pro customer, opportunity to get the brands we need, obviously depth of inventory, the things we've talked about that we've improved in the past. So we see a significant amount of opportunity. As we said, Pro continues to lead the overall comp. We see through -- that continuing in the back half of the year as we continue to work with our sales and ops planning process, dive into some of the categories. We're dissecting on a category-by-category basis where some of that opportunity is and we've got plans in place to go after it. Won't fix it all within the next quarter or 2, but over the balance of the next few quarters, we've -- we think we've got a lot of things that will help drive sales. Mike, do you want... 
Robert Niblock: Well, I'd say we've done a lot of foundational work over the past couple of years with the depth of inventory, the job lot quantities, those type of things for the Pros. We've kind of -- through that whole massive Value Improvement process, which was the original line of grievance [ph] that's where we cleaned up inventory. We've got some key things we're working on from a website standpoint to improve the functionality of our website that will be delivered in the next 12 months. And then things like our outdoor living experience that we rolled out this year. That's where you start to really see the organization come together to deliver something different and better in-store than the way we went to market previously. And they're continuing to go through and figure out, based on working with Mike and his team, where the opportunities where we can put our resources to place that will resonate in the greatest way with the customer. Obviously, for competitive reasons, we're not going to talk about what's coming along those lines. But I think when you look at what we're doing with the Pro customer, what we're doing on the brand side, the fact that we're through the line review process, I think over the next -- and what we're doing from the website, I think what you're going to see over the next 12 months you'll see some pretty significant improvements in our execution, above and beyond what we've already been working on. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, Aram, it's Robert. I'll start on the Australian question. I'll let Rick and Bob follow up on the distribution. On the Australia question, the -- we've got 49 Masters stores open as of the end of their fiscal year, which was the end of June. As you know, that's 49 stores. I think they've been open a little less than 3 years. So great -- getting a great foothold there. We also, as you know, we also bought another business there called Danks that now [indiscernible] are in the home, timber and hardware group that was bought about time we started the joint venture. And it really does -- distributors to a lot of the independents in the area, there's about 400 or so independent stores to distribute to. But they also have 28 company-owned stores. So we've gotten a good foothold. I think the initial receptivity of the business has been good. Obviously, as is the case any time you open up a new concept in a market, there's the competitive response that normally takes place. And just when you're taking a business from greenfield, growing up -- growing the business, making sure that you are being able to staff and grow that business. So what the joint venture decided to do is they're slowing down slightly the new store growth, to allow a little bit more maturity, and being more targeted and strategic in where those new stores will go. So that we'll have a little less cannibalization on existing stores and more in the markets that are underserved. So they're pulling back to about a 10 to 15 stores per year over the next few years. Previously, it was closer to about 20 stores a year. So we're still excited about the opportunity there. There's a lot that we bring to it with our global sourcing and brand -- private label brand capabilities. And as from a financial standpoint, the losses from that, obviously, it's an equity investment, so it runs through the P&L as a separate line item. It's not -- the operations aren't consolidated because we only have 1/3 of the operations. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, as we said, overall, we had a lot of interior categories that performed well during the quarter. But we did see some weakness in a couple of areas. One of them, as you know, in our -- we give comps for kitchen and appliances area. When you dive down with that, within appliances, we were going up against an incredibly strong comp last year. We were high-teens comps last year in the second quarter. So when you look at our performance over 2 years, we were still average double-digit comp over that 2-year period. So that was obviously something that was a little bit of a challenge in the second quarter. It was a competitive environment out there for major appliances and tough numbers we were going up against. We also saw air conditioners with the summer, as Rick mentioned in his comments, not being as warm as what we had expected. Air conditioner sales were a little weak in July. And then just a couple parts of flooring were a little weak in the quarter. So those were some areas that we saw some weakness in from the consumer, all of which we're looking at and trying to determine how do we get better performance in those in our share of the opportunity as we head into the back half of that year. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, well, certainly, as I've said from the interior projects we talked about, part of that being the tough comp compare we had for major appliances, specifically, it highlighted a number of interior areas that are doing well. I think, from an overall online standpoint, we did make [ph] progress with the website. There's things like delivery scheduling and those type of things that we need to get worked on so that it makes it a better, easier experience for the customer. We are seeing great transaction growth online on the website. We're still seeing that a majority, obviously, of what is transacted online translating to either pick up in-store or the store delivering. So the kind of omnichannel aspect of it is working together really well. And certainly, obviously, the customers online, in many cases, they make the -- buy it online, pick it up in-store or they may be -- they're making it because they want to ensure that, that product is available when they get to the store. And then, in many cases, they are also shopping the store and getting add-on sales on top of that. So I think there is still -- we know that there is still a significant amount of influence sales coming from what's happening online. But the world's changing at a fast pace, technology's changing. We know that we've got to continue to improve our online experience and that's what Mike and his team are working on. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, we feel good about our start to August, and particularly, in light of the fact that when we look at, once again, from a 2-year compare standpoint, August last year is our toughest comp comparison we're going up against. So we feel good about the way we started the quarter in light of what our guidance is for the back half of the year, Matt. 
Robert Niblock: Jaime, this is Robert. With regard to the rumors on Brazil, obviously we don't comment on specific rumors of a nature like that. And I would just reiterate what we've said in the past. Our continued focus is on improving our existing operation in the U.S. and other international markets where we're at today. And in that light, we continue in both veins to look at opportunities. But with regard to commenting on specific rumors, no, we won't comment on that. 
Robert Niblock: It sounds like we don't have any more left in the queue. So thanks for your interest in Lowe's, and we look forward to speaking with you again when we report our third quarter 2014 results on Wednesday, November 19. Have a great day. Thank you. 
Michael Jones: Yes, I'd add to that. At a high level, we feel real good about continuing to drive the top line and drive growth for the company. We feel real good about the engagement of our merchandising team. We love the merchandising tools that have been deployed. We feel very good about our vendor partnerships. When we look at market share, it is category-by-category, as Robert mentioned, we do see some choppiness in the way the industry continues to get forecast. So we watch it very closely. And again, we look category-by-category to ensure that we feel comfortable that our plans are delivering growth. 
Michael Jones: Yes, if I can jump in. Just a couple of things just to put a finer point on the appliance discussion. We saw certainly high-teens comps in major appliances, specifically, second quarter of last year. And if you take a look at our 2-year performance on major appliance, we see double digits. So it's actually performing very well. That said, we had profiled a little more strength in appliances, as well as AC certainly and I'd add flooring to that as well. To answer your question on flooring, we see very good performance in tile. We see very good performance in carpet. We see a little pressure in wood and laminate. And we think part of it's industry, we think part of it is that the competition has caught up with some of the first-to-market innovations that we launched last year. And then our merchandising team continues to look at new first-to-market innovations that we can launch going forward. 
Michael Jones: Sure, this is Mike Jones. A couple of things. First, if you look at our 3 business areas, our building and maintenance business area was above the average, so that's very encouraging. We are continuing to see better traction. We are seeing improvements in brands and we've returned some brands back to Lowe's, heavy coatings would be an example, the expanded lineup of LENOX and IRWIN. Certainly, our Bosch brand continues to do well. DEWALT does very well. So that feels very encouraging. The team continues to work that very hard. Our depth of inventory continues to improve. And we've made the necessary inventory trade-off decisions so that as we become more relevant with Pros, you don't see the pressure in the balance sheet. So we are making those trade-offs so that we can better serve the Pros and still protect our operating performance. And then the last piece I'd say is that our Pro selling team is doing an excellent job, excellent job, out engaging our Pros and helping us to build those relationships we need to continue to grow that business. Rick spoke about LowesForPros, which is our portal designed specifically for Pros to help us transact with them, help us make doing business with us easy for them and frankly help them drive productivity in their own businesses. So we're very encouraged by the work that we see with Pros and we continue to build on it. 
Robert Hull: Sure, Alan. So as we think about the outlook for the year, we maintained it at 65 basis points, but we do expect roughly the same level of gross margin improvement that we previously expected. We'll get a little bit better performance on expense leverage. As you've heard us talk about in prior years, we're really focused on productivity and profitability on a number of fronts. And that's showing up in 40 basis points of SG&A leverage in Q2 even with 17 basis points of headwind due to the Affordable Care Act. As we think about the second half, we'll drive further expense leverage going into the year. So we feel good about that. So really, the change is more on the expense leverage side than the margin side for the second half of year. 
Robert Hull: So Alan, generally speaking, we don't see a material difference in comp performance based on year of opening. What we do see is stores within markets performing roughly similar. So it's local market economics. The local economy and the state of the local housing are more impactful to a store's performance versus the year they opened. 
Robert Hull: We haven't spoken directly to that, Aram. You can take what Masters report. So since we're a minority participant, we'll let a majority partner speak for the business. But you can take what they report on the home improvement business and infer what the impact to us is. It is a couple of cents per share this year. 
Robert Hull: The only thing I would add is, so as Rick mentioned in his comments, we've seen great progress with Pros for 12 consecutive quarters. But as you've heard us describe, there's still a lot of focus in that area and we expect continued traction and momentum in the second half of the year, which gives us confidence in our second half outlook. 
Robert Hull: So Chris, we have done all of the above to focus on improving close rates. What we've seen through the first half is roughly a 100 basis point improvement in close rates. So we feel good about progress we're making, but we know there's still work ahead of us. 
Robert Hull: Matt, one other point I'd make, as we think about the impact of air conditioners, it had about a 30 basis point negative impact for the quarter, had about a 60 basis point negative impact for July. So that's a headwind in July that won't carry towards the back half of the year. 
Robert Hull: Yes, we haven't set any arbitrary limit on what gross margin could be. I think we know we've got some work to do as a result of the Value Improvement and we're seeing that play out in both -- in terms of gross margin improvement experienced in 2013 and 2014. As we've talked about, we created the process to bring more formality and rigor to the process. We've always done line reviews. We're always going to do line reviews. So that's not to suggest that wave 2 or wave 3 there's no benefit there. However, we also recognize that there's competitive pressures in the marketplace moving in sales by channel. So we do expect to continue to make progress with Value Improvement. Our long-term outlook beyond Value Improvement didn't suggest material increase to beyond maybe 5 to 10 basis points per year. So we haven't set any arbitrary cap and we know there's still work to be done with Value Improvement and with other areas. 
Robert Hull: Sure, Jaime, I'll take the long-term outlook. So we still stand by the 2015 outlook that we provided at our analyst conference a couple of years ago. As we've talked about, we're making good progress this year, specifically improvements in flow-through, an incremental point of comp to the bottom line. Other efforts in place to further those efforts, as you heard the team talk regarding product categories, continue to understand opportunities to take share Pro DIY across the merch categories. So we feel good about the outlook we provided for 2015. 
Rick Damron: Aram, this is Rick. I'll give you an update on the distribution teams. First, let me say extremely proud of what both our supply chain and stores were able to accomplish in the movement of goods and making sure that we had the products available for the customer during Q2, during our most volatile time of the year from a seasonal standpoint. The teams did a phenomenal model job in making sure that we had products for the customer. Second, I would say, Aram, as you've mentioned, we have a world-class distribution center that is and was stood up to supply our brick-and-mortar stores. And we have then, over the last several years, continued to look for ways to optimize that channel to really be able to deliver our omnichannel experiences. So a couple of the changes that we have made over the past year, one being our ability to offer flexible fulfillment to our customers and through our stores. Flexible fulfillment allows us the capability to ship from 35 of our -- excuse me, 54 of our stores, as well as all of our distribution hubs and nodes direct to consumer and parcel product that allows us to better leverage that inventory and drive greater flexibility there. The teams continue to work on driving productivity, both in the distribution center itself, as well as in trans, particularly in cube throughput. So as we look at Q2, the teams were able to really offset a lot of the incremental costs in fuel with greater productivity and greater cube movement through the distribution center. We continue to look for ways to optimize the -- what we stock and maintain in our network versus what we use to cross-dock and what we flow through as a cross-docking channel. And we feel comfortable that we've optimized that spend in the way that those products are flowed through the alternate channels. And then we continue to look for new ways to meet the customer's demand in the future through our -- through supply chain strategy improvements. So we have a lot going on. But we feel comfortable with where we are and pleased with the performance we're getting out of the network. 
Rick Damron: Chris, this is Rick. I'd just like to reiterate a point that Mike made. I think what we're continuing to see and feel comfortable with is the initiatives that we put in place over the last 18 months regarding both the organizational design to enable our stores, our field teams, as well as our national teams to really meet the needs of the customer in the way that they need service. But then, you look at the value statements that we've made, whether it be through inventory or whether it be through our contractor Pack programs the merchants are driving or proprietary value prop initiatives, continue to respond very well with the Pro. As a matter of fact, when you look at Q2, our Pro applications grew 23% over last year. So we continue to see the Pros respond very well to the initiatives that we got in place. As Mike said, we continue to work on brands and inventory depth where needed to continue to maximize that opportunity. But we feel good with where we are and we feel very good with the way the pro is responding to the actions we've taken. 
Rick Damron: And Chris, I'll just add -- this is Rick again. And I think as a testament to what we've done there, if you look at the fact that we were able to leverage our payroll cost during the quarter, increasing our sales per hour by 4%. And even when you look at the first half in totality even with the soft Q1, we were still able to increase our sales per hour worked by 3.5%. So we feel the initiatives that we put in place is working. As Bob said, we're seeing roughly 100 basis points of close rate improvement. And we'll continue to refine how we schedule, how we staff our stores to make sure that we're meeting our traffic patterns and the needs of the customers as they enter. 
Rick Damron: Okay, this is Rick. As of this year, we originally started this process and this program a couple of years ago. We had it test in really 3 -- 2.5 regions this past year, completed in Q1 of this year. We rolled it to another 582 stores. We're looking at the rollout campaign into 2016. We see another 3 to 4 regions possibly being rolled out then and then the remainder in 2016. 
