Robert Gfeller: David, this is Bob Gfeller. I can give you some color on that. The 500 stores that we have reset in 2011 are showing positive results across the store in terms of all the things that we have reset, the end caps, the drop zones, particularly the innovation end caps, and the most productive area in the store is actually the contractor pack area as we close the year. 
Robert Gfeller: Sure, Colin. I'll hit some of those. So we're 8% through the line review process at the end of the year. We're on schedule and on track. Some key learnings, number one, I think our merchants are utilizing the technology tools that we talked to you about in December very well. They're using them as great input into the line review process. As it relates to vendor learning, the vendor advisory council we actually formed last year in anticipation of wanting to, again, be our vendors' best business partner in home improvement. So it was not a reactive move, it was a proactive move. I think what the vendors are telling us is that we are approaching this in a firm and fair way. They're getting a lot of feedback on the line review process going in and also coming out whether they win or don't win the business, and we're going to continue to monitor that as we go through the rest of this year. And then the last thing I would say is on the cost reductions. We set targets, they were kind of initial targets. We're on target, particularly against the SKU reduction goals that we've set. And as we've said, we're going to continue to monitor them as we go through the first half, but so far, so good. 
Robert Gfeller: So specific to 2011's 70% increase it had 0 impact from acquisition of ATG Stores. That was all based on more items online, more multi-channel sales. So think about a still high percentage of our online sales are buy-online-pickup-in-store, so it's really leveraging all the channels to serve the customers. As we think about growing that business going forward, we have a target of roughly double the number of SKUs online in 2012 relative to 2011. ATG is certainly is going to help us. We bought a very interesting technology company that has a lot of good things going, that has roughly 3.5 million items online, a number of which we'll make available on lowes.com in 2012. Longer term, if you think about our outlook at the Analyst Conference, we gave you a roughly 3.5% comp for a 4-year average with about 1/3 of that coming outside of store. So online still is going to be huge growth opportunities beyond the 70% growth in 2011. 
Robert Gfeller: Alan, I would just add -- I'm sorry, let me add one other thing on getting the right inventory in the right stores and managing that more effectively, that's that $400 million inventory reduction by the end of the year. 
Robert Hull: Dave, this is Bob Hull, just to follow back up. Just remember those stores weren’t completely reset until December. So the earliest sets, we have a very positive read, but the most recent ones, towards the end of the quarter, still early. The other point is the inventory used for those end caps was largely in-line inventory, and we're just making dedicated buys, which should continue to improve our performance for those end caps for 2012. 
Robert Hull: I think as it relates to sales, the week shift does have an impact and I suggest you may go take a look at 2006 to get a sense how that might play out relative to 2005. 2005 was the last time we had a 53-week fiscal year. As relates to sales I think, if you recall in Q1 last year we had a very tough spring, a very bad April. So we've got easier comparisons coming as it relates to spring. Conversely, we've got tougher comparisons now in fourth quarter as we cycle the mild weather that we had in Q4 '11. However, I don't see much disparity in comps across the 4 quarters of the year as relates to margin. Margin should be -- if you exclude the nonoperating charges, as well as the impact of the 53rd week, I think we'll see some slight gross margin pressure in the first half of the year and some margin improvement, which should guide what happens with EBIT margin for the year and by quarter. 
Robert Hull: Yes. So the way we're thinking about it, Matt, gross margin dropped 58 basis points in 2011. Roughly speaking, we're looking to make up about half of that in 2012. We've launched the consumer aspect of the value proposition in April and the Commercial in July. So we'll have some negative pressure, gross margin pressure, in the first half of the year as we cycle those. Bob Gfeller described to you the cadence of the line review process, that price reductions early will create some pressure before we get the full impact of the cost reductions. Therefore, we'll see margin improvement close to flat in the second quarter, begin increase as the year progresses and have probably healthy gross margin expansion in the back half of the year, especially as we cycle some of the declines we saw Q3 this year roughly 100 basis points, Q4 this year 133 basis points. 
Robert Hull: That should abate, yes. That should be either be flat to a positive. And then the other piece I would mention is roughly the 100-basis-point increase in private label products should help as well. 
Robert Hull: Sure, Matt. So we spent a lot of time talking to you about the level and breadth of investments in technology, both corporate systems for services, for the Integrated Planning and Execution tool that Bob's and the merchant team are using to go through the line review process, MyLowe's, investments in lowes.com, et cetera, with additional investments required in 2012. So what we have there is a pretty high concentration of investments in a short-lived asset, 3- to 5-year depreciable asset. So that's really what's happening. It's causing depreciation to be up slightly in 2012 relative to 2011. 
Robert Hull: It should be, which is why when we gave the long-term outlook in 2015, it declines because we cycled through the kind of jump in '12. 
Robert Hull: No, we guided based on GAAP figures. So it's the GAAP guidance versus the GAAP reported figure. So the reported figure of 6.53, it’d be the 100 basis points off of that. 
Robert Hull: Alan, it's Bob. The completion of those line reviews had no impact in the EBIT margin in the fourth quarter. Alan, so if you think about it, there's a process to actually go through the work up front to evaluate the vendor offerings and compare that to where we are today, it's more of a planning process. The subsequent quarters, when those get rolled out to the store where the customer has an opportunity to vote on whether they like what they see or not, so we'll start seeing the impact of the 8% completed in Q4 in the first quarter of '12. 
Robert Hull: That's the roughly 30 basis points of gross margin improvement for the year that we spoke of. Negative pressure in the first half of the year, and then recovery in the second half of the year obviously, paying big dividends in 2013 and beyond as we've got the process largely behind us. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, this is Robert. We're up to about 3,000 unique swipes out there on -- I mean, 3 million unique swipes. I'm sorry, 3 million unique swipes now on MyLowe's. And we have a goal, we really believe, with the additional functionality that we're adding during the year, our intent is to be to 10 million by the end of 2012. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, a little bit on the why. Colin, if you think about it, in the past year everything we've talked about, really the past 18 months, with Wall Street and our new strategic mission, Lowe's experience of the future. If you think about it, the overwhelming majority of the people, if you ask them at Lowe's, they feel like they're working for a different company today than they were a year or 18 months ago. Some people are there, they're onboard absolutely supportive with the direction that we're headed in. For others, they've operated a different way in the past and we changed the rules in the middle of the game for them. So for those that may be struggling a little bit with the direction of which we're heading as an organization, this gives them another viable option. So that, hopefully, at the end of the day, we're left with a much higher percentage of people that are onboard and support the strategies of where we're going. So that's the reason we did it on a voluntary basis, and we think it'll be successful. 
Robert Niblock: Well, certainly, Alan, as I talked about in my comments, our structure was built to support a high-growth model, and we're going to be growing differently in the future. But really as I was responding to Colin, and over the past year, the past 18 months, we have dramatically changed what our expectations are of leaders throughout the organization. And while a majority of the people are very much on board, there are some that are very uncomfortable. They're, not going to raise their heads and say I'm uncomfortable with this. This gives them a viable option in order to, if they're not comfortable with the direction we're headed, to be able to give them a viable option for a path forward for them if they're not comfortable with the change we've made from the leadership. So we felt that was the best way to be able to approach the issue. So that at the end of the day, we have a much higher percentage of people that are on board because we've got to have the organization onboard in order to realize where we're trying to go with the organization. So... 
Robert Niblock: I would say that, obviously, a lot of them will come in the last day, which is normally the case with these. But we've been very pleased with the response we've seen versus what we had anticipated from the group at this point. And once again, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our first quarter 2012 results on May 21. Have a great day. 
