David Denton: Yes. Seth, Happy New Year. Good question. Just I think, most importantly, is we're really focused on operating income and margin expansion as we cycle into this year. Clearly, we're focused on improving our gross margin performance, as you've seen us do that consistently through 2020. We continue to make really nice progress from a product cost perspective.  I think what you're also seeing us do is we're investing from a supply chain perspective to make sure that we're building out in the future to meet the needs and demands of consumers in the future. So I think we're excited about that. I do expect that gross margin over the longer term, think about it flattish. We are experiencing some headwinds as we think about inflation from lumber, but nothing has materially changed from what we discussed in December, Seth. 
David Denton: Listen, I think we're only a few weeks into the year, but I think we feel encouraged by the trends that we're seeing at the moment. So I think we -- as Joe and Marvin just articulated, I think the health of the Pro business is sustainable and it's actually accelerating a bit. So I think we feel really good about that. At the same time, the consumer remains healthy and continues to invest in the home to support both their living needs but also their educational needs for the kids, in many cases, and continue to invest to make sure that, that is an asset that is sustainable for them going forward. So we're encouraged at this point, but pretty early still. 
David Denton: Yes. I would just encourage you maybe to go back and look at our Analyst Day presentation. I had a building block slide in that presentation that walked us from kind of where we -- where our guidance was for the end of 2020 to a 12% margin rate perspective. And I think it does show a little bit of -- kind of how gross margin might perform as well as how SG&A is going to perform. And again, this is largely about, in aggregate, gross margin rates being relatively flat and us improving our SG&A performance across the business. 
David Denton: And Kate, I'll just add that we look at it a little bit the opposite. We are underpenetrated, but that is the big opportunity we have. And all the investments we're making is going to allow us to really accelerate in that business segment pretty significantly over the next several years. 
David Denton: Michael, it's Dave here. Clearly, what we're doing is we're working really diligently to improve the productivity across our business. And Joe has kicked off a pretty major effort to do that. But we're doing it really across all segments of our operation.  That's probably a little bit more specific guidance, if you will, so we're probably not going to go there. But I'll just say that as a management team and as a business, we're controlling what we can control. We're making sure that as we look at these sales scenarios over time is that we're improving our operating income performance. And we're dead set on improving that. We're very focused and adamant about going after that. And I think we have a very good line of sight to that. 
David Denton: Well, listen, we're focused in a few different areas. We've just enhanced our pricing and promotional tools, from a merchandising perspective. I think the merchants have just kind of taken a step back and looked at, from a promotional cadence perspective, how to think of more of an EDLP type environment, at the same time going out and negotiating special buys in certain areas to drive real value from a consumer perspective. I think we're getting a lot more efficient on how we layer in and out of our online business to drive both top line and improve profitability. At the same time, we do need to manage our supply chain to be more efficient as we think about same day, next day deliveries to the home and to the job site.  So all those levers are things that we're working on that we're actively using to manage our gross margin performance. And yes, we do have some headwinds, but we're also -- that's part of our job is to manage those headwinds to improve performance over time. And again, with a real focus, once again, Michael, on improving our operating income flow through, that's the opportunity we have. 
David Denton: Chris, Dave here. Yes, I do think stimulus, as we cycled into the new year, did help our comps. We estimate somewhere between 50 and 100 basis points from that perspective. I think as stimulus has gone on for a while now, I think the performance and the impact of it has been -- has moderated a little bit. So I think we do see it -- when those trap checks do hit, we do see an inflection kind of up a little bit, but it has not been nearly as dramatic as it was when it first hit basically a year or so ago. 
David Denton: I think that's a little bit more specific than probably what we could give you some color on at this point in time. I'd just say that at the end of the day, back to Marvin's point, is our focus this year taking market share, improving operating income. That's just are 2 things that we're focused on just consistently, and you'll continue to hear us talk about that, demonstrate our performance in those 2 metrics. 
David Denton: Yes. Eric, I would say that it should expand a little bit in upside scenario, just given what we've done in 2020, to your point.  So great. So Rob, with that, we're going to take one more question, please. 
David Denton: So yes, largely, the inflation has been centered primarily in the lumber category. If you think about it from that perspective, and again, about 300 basis points. This is -- from a commodity standpoint, this is something that we're very used to managing. And largely, those are passed on ultimately to the consumer at the store. 
David Denton: Yes. I don't know that off the top of my head. But obviously, inflation in the back half of the year was higher than the first half of the year, so it's certainly less than 300 basis points. And we'll keep -- obviously, we'll keep -- we watch it daily. 
Marvin Ellison: So Seth, this is Marvin. I'll take part of that, and I'll let Joe comment a bit on Pro. As we've said, 2021, to state the obvious, is a very difficult environment to forecast. And I think all your questions are relevant. And what we can say is when you look at the comp cadence for the month during the quarter, you saw us accelerate throughout. You look at the month of January, which is a significant sales performer, and both Dave and I discussed the importance of our Total Home strategy leaning into those 2 events, the bath event and the home organization event, that gives you an indication that the customer is still in the project mindset as they continue to find ways to make their home more livable and more comfortable for all the various activities that COVID has forced upon us.  So the short answer to your question is we feel great about the mood of the customer. We feel great about the trends relative to big ticket, small ticket, Pro and installations. And all the work that we put in place the last 2 years in our retail fundamental strategy just gave us a good position and platform to service the customer effectively across all those different categories.  I'm going to let Joe talk a little bit about Pro because, again, we're very proud of the performance. As we mentioned in the prepared comments, we delivered mid-20% comps in the quarter for the year. We're hovering around 20% comps. And this was in an environment early in the year where the Pro business became very soft just because of the normal occurrences of customers not being comfortable allowing strangers in their homes.  I'll let Joe discuss a little bit more on our excitement around Pro. 
Marvin Ellison: Simeon, this is Marvin. And what I'll add to that is, we'll go back to the same theme that you'll probably hear us say all morning. Obviously, we can't predict with any high degree of precision what 2021 macro will look like. But we're confident in 2 things: number one, that we're going to take market share; and number two, we're going to improve operating income. And I think for us, we're just planting our flag on those 2 things.  We believe that 2020 was not an anomaly. We believe it's a reflection of a lot of hard work and retail fundamental implementations we put in place across Lowes.com, Pro, merchandising, store operations, IT infrastructure. And we believe that those initiatives and our Total Home market acceleration strategy is going to allow us to continue to take market share and, at the same time, improving operating income. 
Marvin Ellison: Kate, this is Marvin. The best way that I'll answer that is we're going to pretty much stick to our 20% to 25% penetration. We're going to reevaluate that, obviously, coming out of 2020. The key is that, as you know, DIY significantly outpenetrated the Pro during the year. So we know that the 2020 data may not be a good, consistent data set to look at relative to Pro and DIY penetration. So we probably need to cycle through the first half of 2021 to get that data really balanced out. What I can say is, in Joe's prepared comments and also in mine, we laid out some of the specific initiatives related to the Pro.  One of the key things that we focused on arriving at Lowe's a little over 2 years ago, is one of the main reasons why we had a gap relative to sales per square foot productivity and operating income by store was because the Pro penetration was significantly less than what it should have been. Pros drive productivity in multiple product categories throughout the entire store. And so part of our focus on the Pro is because we know it's going to be critical for us to improve overall productivity from a space perspective as well as driving operating income throughout the store. So we'll get back to you later in the year on an answer. But the key is we're going to be focused on it, and we think we're making great improvements. 
Marvin Ellison: So Kate, this is Marvin. I'll take it. And if Dave wants to provide any additional financial analysis, he can. But I think at the highest level, what we've laid out for operating income targets for 2021, what we laid out at the investor update in December and what Dave mentioned in his prepared comments, reflect any investments we intend to make in our associates. The good news for us, and Dave mentioned this earlier in the morning, that from the year 2019 and 2020 made a $1.4 billion investment in incremental wages, equity programs and other associate-related benefits, and that was pre-COVID.  So other retailers candidly are catching up to the work investment that we already made going into COVID, so we don't have an enormous bogey, so to speak, that we need to make from an investment standpoint to catch up. We've been on a pathway to get our wages up. That's why we're very proud to say that we are one of the highest wage retailers from an hourly associate perspective in the U.S.  So we don't see 2021 as anything that will be materially different than that. Obviously, we'll look at how the business is tracking, we'll look at the needs of our associates. But any investments we plan to make has already been factored into any financial guidance or at least the range of guidance that Dave has discussed in December and this morning. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, look, this is Marvin. What I'll say, Michael, is it's a work in progress. What I can tell you is the set of tools that Bill and the merchants currently have today versus what we had 2 years ago is truly a night and day difference. So it gives us the ability to have localized pricing and we can price now in more smaller clusters. I mean 2 years ago, we were using blunt instruments to price in broad markets. Now we can get down to individual locations.  In addition to that, Joe talked about the expansion of things like digital signs. It may not sound like a big deal, but there are parts of the store where you have frequent, rather volatile price-changing activities, a lot of labor goes into that. And if you can put a digital process in place, it allows you to capture the different costs and retail changes in a way that actually can benefit gross margin.  And localization, to Bill's point, solves a couple of major significant issues. But one is you have the right product in the right market. So your exit strategy doesn't just destroy your gross margin because you're clearancing everything just to get it out. I'd use the example at the December update when Bill, Joe and I walked in the store in West Philadelphia and saw riding lawn mowers and big, deep seating patio sets, and sheds and other products that was just waiting for markdown to happen because it was simply in the wrong location from a geographic perspective.  So Bill's team is working to solve all of that, so we can have the right product in the right location so we don't take deep markdowns to exit. So all of those things will play a role in giving us -- to create our own internal headwind to go up against some of the investments we're making, like in supply chain. So we'll keep you updated on the activities. 
Marvin Ellison: Sure. Yes, ma'am. So Karen, this is Marvin. The best way to answer that question is the simple statement is that we expect to outperform the market and gain share in 2021. So if the market performs better than our robust scenario, that would be music to our ears, because we would believe that it would only provide us with upside opportunity on the top line and on the bottom line. So again, we're going to just have a very, very singular focus on taking market share and improving operating income. And if the macro improves better than our forecast and better than we anticipate, that will be only good news for us. 
Marvin Ellison: So I'll take the easiest part of the question, and that is, no, we're not going to provide you with the number of loyalty members from a competitive perspective. What we can tell you is that we're very pleased with the adoption rate and we're very pleased with the returned visit as a result of that. I'll let Joe talk about the merging of credit and the platform. 
Marvin Ellison: So Eric, this is Marvin. And early on, we committed to a $1.7 billion supply chain infrastructure investment between the years of 2019 and 2023, and we're well on the pathway to achieve that. Specific to your question, we're trying to create a market-based delivery model, which will transition the pressure of delivery from our individual stores to a market-based model. In addition to that, we're trying to develop a fulfillment model that will serve a customer any way they choose to shop in this omni-channel ecosystem that we're creating.  So relative to a customer, how will it be different? It would be different that you will have a more seamless delivery with better visibility to appointment, scheduling and arrival, specific to any big and bulky items starting with appliances. So for the DIY or the Pro, if you're in the appliance space, you're going to have a more seamless opportunity to purchase a product.  Just to take you back to how this has been done historically, when a customer purchases an appliance, the scheduling process is done by an associate calling the customer at home and going through a manual process to try to find a date that best fits the availability of the product and the customers' schedule. To say it's clucky and inconvenient will be an understatement. Now we've transitioned to a digital scheduling model where a customer can choose their own date based on prepublished openness in our system. And our associates have total visibility to inventory, whether it's in their store or in a market-based distribution center.  What we're doing on the Pro side is also trying to create more of an omni experience. You're going to see us launching Pro lockers later this year. And you're going to see us improve our job site delivery with Pro and have a lot more flexibility around that. So those are 2 ways that those customers will see a difference. And there are a lot of other activities underway that Joe in operations partnering with the supply chain, but we'll wait till a later day to get into those. 
Marvin Ellison: No, Greg, I think COVID and the pandemic really taught us all about responding to the needs of the customer in a more dramatic way. And also, it taught us how quickly consumer preferences will shift, specifically when it comes to how customers desire to receive products that they purchase. We feel like our strategy is sound. We're the #1 appliance retailer in the U.S. and we do it the hard way. We deliver it from every store, and that is not an optimal way to manage such a large amount of inventory and such a large expense from a transportation perspective.  So going to a market-based model is going to unlock an enormous amount of productivity, not only from a store labor perspective but on how we manage billions of dollars in inventory around the company. So market-based delivery is absolutely the way to go. In the moment, we bill the process for appliances, it opens up other product categories like riding lawn mowers and sheds and patio furniture and grills. So this market-based model is going to be incredibly important for us.  We opened up a dot-com fulfillment DC in Southern California this past year. It gives us the ability to have 2-day delivery from an e-comm perspective to every U.S. location. We're also opening up 3 additional e-commerce fulfillment centers. That's relatively new to our strategy, to answer your question, and that's going to give us the ability to create more same-day next-day delivery opportunities. And we're aggressively building out our bulk distribution centers and our cross docks to help with the market delivery. In addition to that, we're going to be leaning into Pro job site delivery, and we have a couple of initiatives underway that we're working on to make that a reality.  So the short answer to your question is we benchmark a lot. We look at what's working in the marketplace, but we feel really good about the strategy we've laid out. And there's a reason why most retailers delay supply chain transformations because they're very hard to do. And we're committed to it and we understand the benefit of it. And we're going to make the right investments, and we believe is going to allow us to be competitive in out-years. But as an investment, we know we're going to have to lean into for the next couple of years. But again, it's something we're very committed to. 
Joseph McFarland: Thanks, Marvin. And Seth, thank you for the question. You're correct, from Q3 to Q4, we did see a nice comp acceleration. We're excited about the underlying demand in the Pro space. As we look at the kind of robust pipeline that's out there in the Pro space, thinking about the expanded product offerings that we've had throughout the year. In addition, I mentioned in my prepared comments, the benefit from TurboTax and the progress that we're making to help these Pros expedite their year-end close.  And then in addition, we've been focused on all the fundamentals. And as we continue to move forward, confident that things like our U.S. stores reset and the area that we created for Pros and the ease of Pros to shop. In addition, very excited about the growth of our new Pro loyalty platform, along with the integrated CRM that rolls out. And very excited about what's happening inside the Pro business. 
Joseph McFarland: So Kate, it's Joe, and thanks for the question. I'll just add a few things to what Marvin said. And over the last 2 years, we've been taking steps from a store operation standpoint to simplify the store structure, if you think about some of the updates we've given, our 4 levels of sales associate on the sales floor and all the work we've done. And so in addition, the labor management tools and the workforce management initiatives the team has laid out, I feel very good about the balance of ticket and transactions in our transaction-based labor model, and that will continue, to be able to deliver on the operational efficiency we need to.  And then finally, for the spring hiring season, we feel that we've done a nice job addressing any difficult-to-hire markets. We measure the pipeline of sales associates coming in by position by market, so we've made adjustments where we need to and feel confident going forward. 
Joseph McFarland: Yes, Karen, this is Joe. And thank you for the question. We will be migrating our credit platforms and our Pro loyalty platforms together. We have every intention. That is a part of -- it's a huge part of the benefit. Again, we've been very encouraged by the new sign-ups in Pro loyalty, how the Pro customers are responding. We've been very pleased also with our new credit acquisition from a Pro standpoint. And so with those underlying themes, although we won't release the number of Pros, we're excited about what the platform is delivering and all the work that the Pro team has done. 
