Robert Niblock: Good morning, and thanks for your interest in Lowe's. I'm pleased that we've delivered another solid quarter, driven by balanced performance. Comparable sales for the quarter were 6.2%, once again, driven by balance of ticket and transaction growth. We grew positive comps in 11 of our 12 product categories in the quarter. In fact, outdoor power equipment, the only outlier, was achieving solid positive comps into the last week of the quarter when faced with a substantial headwind from the sales of generators, the result of Superstorm Sandy. We also saw strength in all regions of the country, with double-digit comp performance in Florida, as well as particular strength in California and Arizona. Markets for the housing recovery is well under way. And our ProServices business continued to perform well across the country. Our balanced performance is a testament to our enhanced sales and operations planning process, applied to the stronger base we've been building with value improvement, product differentiation and our store labor investment. I'm also pleased with our performance in Canada. We have a new leadership team in place, and for the second consecutive quarter, they've delivered double-digit comps in local currency. Gross margin expanded 26 basis points. We effectively controlled expenses, and we delivered earnings per share of $0.47 for the quarter, a 34.3% increase to last year's third quarter. Delivering on our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, in the third quarter, we repurchased $761 million of stock and paid $191 million in dividends. As I mentioned, we've enhanced our sales and operations planning effort, a process that is led by our customer experience design team within Greg's organization. The intent is to better understand and anchor around the consumer mindset season-to-season and to change the way we go to market through coordinated planning across channels that binds together every function on our organization. That cross-functional effort has produced a comprehensive and coordinated view of the path ahead, allowing us to leverage resources to drive sales and margin. Greg will provide more details in a few minutes, leveraging our All for Fall campaign as a tangible example of this effort. Now looking to consumer landscape going forward. Our most recent consumer sentiment studies suggest that consumers are adopting a more resilient mindset and as a result, embracing a broader perspective. During the recession, consumers had a very focused perspective, the result of household budgetary constraints. Their primary concern was how to adapt to what felt like a free fall. That perspective has started to broaden as consumers have gained a foothold, and we're seeing it play out, strengthening home improvement affinity metrics, an increasing number of installed sales leads, as well as in the strength of large project category performance. So despite the recent government shutdown and falloff in home affordability, the home improvement industry is poised for persisting growth in the fourth quarter. As for our year-to-date performance and outlook for the balance of the year, we've raised our fiscal year 2013 guidance. We expect further acceleration of industry growth next year. Stronger job and income growth, improving household financial conditions and the lagging benefit of the recovery in home buying will be key drivers. In closing, our sales and operations planning process, applied to the stronger base we've been building with value improvement, product differentiation and our store labor investment, together with our associates' hard work and continued dedication to serving customers, has improved our level of execution, allowing us to more fully capitalize on market demand in 2013. Thanks again for your interest. And with that, let me turn the call over to Greg. 
Robert Niblock: Well, Dennis, I'll start. Certainly, there's a couple of things that we spoke about. Certainly, cycling against Hurricane -- Superstorm Sandy last year and the sales associated with that. So that's, obviously, a headwind in the quarter. As you know, in most years, the fourth quarter's probably our most weather-susceptible quarter. And so, certainly not knowing what the weather is going to hold last year, if you remember, the month of January had extremely favorable weather. So we are cycling up against, even if it's not unfavorable weather this year, we are cycling against a fairly favorable weather last year. So we took all of that into account. And so it's just a case of always wanting to be somewhat conservative closer to the end, knowing that it's out there. So I think all of those would be implied into the top line in the comp guidance, which was in our updated outlook. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, I don't think you would sense there, Dennis, that we feel more comfortable with our outlook for the balance of the year. 
Robert Niblock: I got it. Mike, this is Robert. On the slides that we provided for you, that detail is in those slides, on 2 of the slides, but I'll give it to you. Less than $50, up 3%; $50 to $500, up 5.6; and greater than $500, up 8.6%. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, this is Robert, Joe. I mean, we're seeing, obviously, as we said, widespread strength across the country. Certainly, I've talked about California, Florida, Arizona, areas where we're seeing housing recover. As we've said is that -- one of -- we feel good about now the recovery is taking place out there in housing. We expect that to continue through the fourth quarter and obviously into 2014. And one of the big drivers is where home values are increasing, consumers are feeling better about moving gradually into larger and larger projects. So whether that's -- in some markets, that may be windows, when they're doing work there. At other times, it may be refreshing the inside of the home, the bath, those types of things. Obviously, we -- how I end up a lot of the categories, when you think about flooring, kitchen appliances, paints, all of those being above average for the company where you're seeing the consumer reinvest in the home. So we saw a nice balanced strength across the country, and we expect that to continue as housing values continue to recover. 
Robert Niblock: Thanks again for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our fourth quarter 2013 results on Wednesday, February 26. Have a great day. 
Robert Hull: Scot, so Orchard had relative modest impact. I gave you the sales impact, which is 75 basis points. Orchard's gross margin is modestly higher than the company's. But remember, we only had 2 months of activity in the 3-month quarter. From an SG&A perspective, not much impact other than we had roughly 5 basis points of deal-related expenses included in the quarter. That, obviously, was included in our guidance for the quarter but would not have been included in Q3 last year. 
Robert Hull: So, Scot, that is all incentive compensation. That would include the SSEI that Greg spoke of that is entirely store-based, that would be the store manager program, that would be DCs and that would be the corporate office. By far, the largest share of that expense is stores. Also, recognize that there's some timing involved in the accruals for incentive compensation. So while it's up 41 basis points to last year in the third quarter, it's only supposed -- expected to be up roughly 15 basis points to last year for the year. So you have to think about the rate of accrual this year versus last year. But it did have a pronounced impact in Q3 this year. 
Robert Hull: So like we've talked about, generally speaking, we need a one comp to get to a flattish and then beyond that 1 point of comp drives roughly 20 basis points of EBIT growth. Obviously, my response to Scot's question, I mentioned there is some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter in how incentive compensation's accrued relative to last year. So that's a pronounced impact this year. Also, in both Greg and my comments, we talked about reset and remerch activity. Think about that as preparing for next year's sales. We're including -- that included resets and customer experiences separate ad events since Q4 and beyond. So that's not necessarily a periodic expense, more of an investment for future sales. 
Robert Hull: Sure, Pete. This is Bob. Our sales were roughly $300 million higher than our implied guidance for the third quarter. The margin rate was modestly worse, largely due to the impact of the credit value proposition. The performance and the customer take on the program continues to be above our expectations, which is a good thing. As I noted, we had more than offset by lower promotional financing costs within SG&A. And then we only added roughly about $20 million of SG&A higher than our implied guidance. So that really drove the $0.05 beat. 
Robert Hull: So relative to 2005, our average sales since 2005 were roughly $37 million. The traditional big-box stores this year will do just a hair below $30 million. So to a degree, all boats have fallen based on what happened to housing in prior years. As we think about store performance, age of store is less of a predictor. It's more about location of the store and the local market performance and the state of housing. Yes, there were some stores that were opened in the 2006, '07, '08 timetable that underperformed. Some of those closed in 2011. But as we culled the pipeline and reduced the number of new store openings, the productivity of those stores has been really, really positive over the past couple of years. 
Robert Hull: No, I think, Joe, coming into the year we said the buyback would be roughly pro rata across the 4 quarters. It's modestly lower in the third quarter, but we're still targeting $3.7 billion for the year, which is up $100 million from our thinking 90 days ago. 
Robert Hull: Yes, I think, as we think about fourth quarter, Budd, should add about $125 million in sales or about 110 basis points to sales growth. For the year, Orchard is going to be modestly dilutive, about $0.01 per share, which does include the deal cost I mentioned previously. 
Robert Hull: Sure, Matt. So you mentioned potential outliers from where the Street were, and 2 items you mentioned were incentive comp and labor investments. The third item I would give you is the reset and remerchandising expense. So as we think about our business, they're not all periodic expenses. As Robert mentioned, with the labor hour investment, just because you add somebody in a department today doesn't mean the customer shows up the same day and they're able to interact with that associate. So some things do take time. As I mentioned with the incentive comp, it's lumpy based on the rate of accrual going forward. I think, Matt, in prior conversations, a lot of discussion regarding Lowe's ability to capitalize on the market, how well are we doing from a comp sales perspective, how well are we doing from a market share perspective. For the first 3 quarters of 2013, we are growing with the market, something we couldn't have said in prior years. We feel good about that. As we think about investing in our business, we expect to generate returns on these investments, whether it's SG&A or inventory, it just doesn't show up in the same quarter. 
Robert Hull: The labor will persist until we cycle the investment last year. As was described previously, as we think about the training and classification and positioning of those employees to better match up with the seasons and the sales and ops planning process to ensure that their positioned for how likely to incent with customers and generate a return. 
Robert Hull: Eric, relative to last year, we did have Sandy improvement, sales associated with Sandy towards the tail end of Q3 last year, obviously, all hitting in October, not a substantial amount of money. As I think about the rate of growth, I think we saw some improvement in some of the bigger-ticket categories in October relative to September. And Greg can probably... 
Robert Hull: This is Bob. Just 2 points back to your first question on monthly comp progression, looking back at Q3 last year, we did a 3.4% in September and a 1.3% in October. It's a little bit easier comparison in October. As it relates to storm activity, in Q3 last year, we saw sales associated with Isaac and Sandy in Q3 '12, roughly offset by Irene sales in Q3 '11. So storm activity was relatively flat for Q3 last year. 
Robert Hull: As we think about 2014, and we'll certainly provide a lot more color on 2014 on our Q4 call. As we think about what's next beyond value improvement and the works of Bob Gfellar's organization in the sales and ops planning process, there will be some other investments in customer experience design. Some of that is taking place in Q4 of this year. And then the second thing, as we think about 2014, Chris, is our prior outlook regarding '13, '14 and '15 did not have any expenses associated with the Affordable Care Act. We have open enrollment at this point in time, as we think about the individual mandate, and the number of employees that are on our insurance plans in '14 relative to '13 is still unknown. So we'll certainly provide more color on that and other initiatives on the Q4 call. 
Robert Hull: So yes, as we think about the reset benefit, that should be greater because greater lines stabilize in Q4 relative to Q3. Having said that, Greg noted, this is peak time for appliances. When we think about Black Friday morphing into Black November, there's some risk on the margin line there that we're proceeding with caution. As it relates to expenses, Chris, I'll give you some color on pushes and pulls for expenses for Q4. The biggest delever is reset and remerchandising. Call that 40 basis points; risk insurance about 20 basis points, largely because we had huge favorability Q4 last year; credit about 20 basis points. Again, huge favorability Q4 of '12. And then similar deleverage in operating salaries because of labor hour investment offset by incentive comp leverage of roughly 10; some contract labor impairment; and legal benefits in the 5- and 10-basis-point range. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Yes, Dennis. This is Greg Bridgeford. I'll be happy to elaborate on that. It is a -- relative to larger-ticket categories and appliances is the key one. It is more of a promotional environment out there, and there's a lot of media out there. And we've indicated early on in the year, we're going to drive it as what we believe to be an effective blend of traffic-driving promotional activities and especially through the sales and operations planning process, make sure we are coordinated across the channels and across the messages we were sending, and especially in store. And that's what we did in Q3. It was as promotional as we expected it to be, and there is a -- this is a peak period for appliance sales pre-Thanksgiving. So we did see -- we performed well in appliances, one of our best-performing categories. And we're excited, the addition of LG this year has meant a lot to be a leader in innovation in appliances, with both LG and Samsung promoted and highlighted on our floors. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Joe, I'll start, and then I know Rick is going to add in. We've seen -- as we've mentioned, we've seen that particular segment of our customer base outperform any other segment. And that is intuitive, given the strength of commercial sales in the marketplace today under -- as you look at any third-party research. We have a number of Pro initiatives going on. I'll start in merchandising. We've actually restructured our merchandising group to make sure that we have -- are providing relevant commercial assortments, project-based assortments, that both have the breadth of product and the depth of product that we needed. Thus, the inventory investment we made earlier this year. It was targeted to what we call the center of our store, which is rough plumbing, rough electrical, hardware, power tool accessories, some of those categories that are key to commercial customer supply. Rick may want to add in some comments on Pro. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Joe, this is Greg. To layer on to Robert's comments, where we've seen some particular category strengths in some of the areas where we're -- where housing is on quite an upturn is in the fashion fixtures category in kitchens and appliances. And it's really interesting because it's more of a refresh than a remodel activity. So you're seeing some delayed -- in some cases, it's projects that may have been delayed for 4 years in particular parts of the country where housing values have been on a rise for the last 18 months and the last 12 months. So we're -- our focus is on bath refresh and kitchens and appliances, where the opportunity is available. And that's -- that did very well for us in Q3. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Yes, Budd, I'll start. This is Greg. The focus on our work in Q4 is that -- is to make sure that we continue the sales momentum. And I think we're always adjusting the balance of promotional activity from ticket to traffic-driving and basket-building. And that's the work of that process I talked about today called sales and ops planning. So as we move past Thanksgiving, we move into seasonal categories. We move into gift-giving opportunities, like tools and hardware. We move into home fashions. We move into cleaning and home organization. So we're in a -- we have to drive against those occasions appropriately, and we're watching that balance very, very carefully. We're continuing to work on value improvement, which we're moving further down the cycle, virtually completing all the resets at the end of this quarter and moving to stabilization on a significantly larger portion of the business. We have resets going on in value improvement in Q4 because we have capacity to reset, particularly in December. So when you put that body of work together, we're -- we recognize that there is opportunity in the appliance category right now. We're trying to manage it appropriately through sales and ops planning. We also have lots of other opportunities on the occasion, and we will carefully manage and lead the blend of that business. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Yes, we did, Eric. And that was -- one of the keys was that some of the big-ticket categories related to prepping home for the holidays began to kick in, in October, real strength in flooring, strength in kitchens, strength in appliances, strength in fashion fixtures and, most specifically, fashion bath. So those were -- that was some of the impact that you saw sequentially from September to October. 
Gregory Bridgeford: I think it is. What we're actually trying to drive through the ongoing improvements to this category that Mike Jones is leading in merchandising, is to go back and make sure we've utilized the consumer insights and research. Because line design, as the primary focus of, we think has -- we've hit the marks in a fairly large percentage of the reviews, but we still have some improvements to make there. If we do that, we get that better balance. We get better productivity out of the lines. We do it each share, but we achieve better, what I would call, operating margin flow-through. 
