David Denton: No. Listen, we're really extremely pleased with the progress coming out of Q2. We are very confident in our outlook for the balance of the year. Keep in mind, as I said in my prepared remarks, we've worked -- we've committed ourselves to retail fundamentals and improving our financial performance as we cycle into the back half of the year. But as you know, we've launched many broad, cross-functional efforts touching almost all areas of our core business, thus creating a little bit of a fluid environment in our business model.  Having said that, we feel very confident in where we stand today and our outlook for the balance of the year. So there's nothing on the horizon that we see that is disappointing news coming forward from that perspective. 
David Denton: Yes. Let me just take it first half, second half. I think we continue to make really nice progress from an SG&A perspective. I think the second half, we won't leverage near as much in the second half driven by the fact that many of our initiatives from a project perspective are continuing to ramp into the back half of the year. And so you'll see those expenses show up back half of the year. 
David Denton: Yes. This is Dave. Maybe I'll start. Clearly, if you look at the long-term algorithm of our business model, as we said, to get to our 12% operating margin over time is that we would think about gross margin being substantially flat, if you will, over time. And there's -- I don't think there's anything on the horizon that we see in our business model that would change that expectation. Clearly, as we go through the years to come, we need to do 2 things. We need to increase our performance from a sales perspective, thus leveraging SG&A and flowing through a higher profit margin through that algorithm and through that approach. So I don't think there's anything from a margin perspective that gives us pause at this point. 
David Denton: Well, clearly, that's within our plan. So our guidance assumes that we're going to lap that in the back half of the year. And as we -- you look at the continued performance of our business both from a sales perspective and a margin perspective, we're actively managing up against that. So there's no doubt that we're going to sequentially continue to make progress from a margin perspective for the balance of the year. 
David Denton: This is Dave. I don't think you're going to see much movement in inventory levels this year. I do think we'll -- as we indicated earlier, we're going to strategically rationalize inventory in certain areas. That -- this is probably a multiyear journey as we make sure that we have the right analytics in place, we have the right supply chain in place, and we've really thought through by category what's the right assortment. And that's a multiple-quarter, multiple-year journey to get us back to that, I'll say, the optimal level of inventory. 
David Denton: And I think also, as Marvin and I said, listen, it's really important, we're going to be focused on our in-stock levels, we're going to make sure that we're supporting our sales plan, and we're going to be supporting our margin plan. So we have all 3 of those kind of working in tandem, and we don't want to harm our business. We got to make it more efficient over time, but right now, those things are -- those 3 elements are pretty important to us. 
David Denton: Yes. So listen, I think we have a fairly comprehensive plan to improve our margin performance. And I would say that if I just kind of tick down some of the things that we've done, you can get a sense for the progress we are making. First and foremost, we kind of really did an evaluation on our price complement across the categories, and we've adjusted price. At the same time, we've gone through and enhanced our point-of-sale system such that we're eliminating unnecessarily -- unnecessary discounting that is kind of, I'll say, leaking at point of sale. As the team spoke kind of many times throughout this morning, we've really leaned into the kind of more targeted, efficient promotions. And as you can imagine, given -- coming out of Q1, we couldn't touch all the promotions early in the quarter. We -- they were kind of already locked and loaded. So the changes that we made to address the promotional calendar largely happened in the back half of the quarter given the lead time. And then finally, we're working with our vendors and making sure that we're managing cost and making sure that we're getting the right support for all the efforts that we're doing within our stores. That's probably the long pole in the tent to get done for the balance of the year.  All of those factors are things that we're managing through the balance of the year. Clearly, when you change price, this is the quickest to respond from a P&L perspective. So I think what you've seen is that -- the effect of that happened more rapidly in Q2. We're going to probably lean more aggressively on some of the other actions to improve our performance in the back half of this year. So that's the -- that's why you're going to see that progression in -- both in Q3 and Q4 as we cycle into the back half. 
David Denton: Yes. I think you should expect a sequential improvement in the second half jumping off to where we are in Q2. I don't think you're going to have a full recovery by the balance -- by the end of the year. Just I think mathematically, that's tough to deliver at this point. 
Marvin Ellison: This is Marvin. The only additional comments that I'll make, Bill outlined in his prepared comments some of the key initiatives for the third quarter and the back half of the year. We have a lot of confidence in our strategy. Q1 was a disappointment, and we're still candidly digging out of that. But as we look forward, I mean we're very confident in our ability to drive the business. We just think it's prudent to just focus on retail fundamental execution to give this still relatively new team time to continue to get our arms around every aspect of the business, and then we'll evaluate guidance as we continue to progress through this quarter and beyond that. 
Marvin Ellison: And Simeon, the only thing I'll add -- this is Marvin, is -- from technology dependencies, we don't have high dependencies on technology, specifically for the back half of this year. But I talked in a little bit of detail about our price management system and leveraging the retail analytics platform that we acquired from Boomerang. And we're going to have a new price management system in position in the fourth quarter. That would give us a competitive parity. And now candidly, we're quite a bit behind what a modern large retailer would be from the ability to leverage pricing and to have agility pricing in local markets in-store and online. We're going to give Bill and team just better visibility in a single repository, which, believe it or not, this company has never had.  Within the first half of next year, we're going to merge the price management tool with the retail analytics platform that we acquired. And we think that is going to unlock the ability to meet the expectations that Dave laid out. And that is relatively flat gross margin -- our operating income story is going to really be about flat gross margin and driving continued SG&A leverage by implementing technology and taking task out and putting more labor on the floor to serve customers. And so that is going to be more of an ongoing year-over-year process. 
Marvin Ellison: So Zack, I'll take the first part of it, and I'll let Bill add some additional color. When you look at the home improvement business, the one thing that we brought from a strategic standpoint is the importance of the event execution because you have certain DIY customers that will traditionally shop with you about 4 times a year. So it's really important that you start the year really effectively. And in the past, Lowe's has kicked off these Spring Black Friday-type events, and they've been out of stock, had some degree of service issues. And so you disappoint customers, and those customers just don't come back for that second, third and fourth shopping occasion later in the year. So we've put an enormous emphasis on great execution, product load-in, in-stock great value for Spring Black Friday, understanding that customers who may have been disenfranchised by shopping at Lowe's in the past would come in to shop with us because the values were compelling. But the goal was to create such a great service experience that they would come back on that second, third and fourth occasion this year.  And so what we believe we're seeing in Q2 is we're seeing that second shopping occasion because of a great event execution and Spring Black Friday that led to continual execution in Father's Day, in Fourth of July, et cetera, et cetera. And so it starts with great product and great value. It starts with a compelling marketing message, and then the stores have to take it from there to turn that foot traffic into sales. And so we've done a really nice job of that, and it's been a collective team effort.  So I'll let Bill talk about what some of the values were that drove our success and kind of what we're going to be leaning into as we think about the rest of this fall. 
Marvin Ellison: So Zack, it was less inventory rationalization and more the removal of nonproductive inventories. And so it sounds like a nuance, but this is a little different because the steps we took the second half of last year was to basically just identify all the aged inventory that had been sitting and not turning and just take aggressive action to exit it from the business. We didn't, in many cases, go back in and replace it with more productive SKUs. We just tried to create better presentation of our most productive SKUs. So what Bill is in the process of doing now is identifying what we describe as slow-turning SKUs. And as we stabilize e-commerce, what really efficient retailers are doing, they're taking the slow-moving SKUs off the shelf in their brick-and-mortar locations and putting it online. It's easier to have it in a handful of parcel fulfillment centers than have it in 1,700 stores. So that work is just beginning for us.  But as we think about inventory and as I said in my prepared comments, we made a strategic decision to invest. If you take a look back at Lowe's historically, Lowe's had one of the worst in-stock positions of any major retailer. And to be quite candid, it was actually worse than what we anticipated when we started to take actions to get in-stock. So as we think about kind of the time frame around kind of getting our inventory more -- what I'll describe as rebalanced, we're going to have some supply chain initiatives that are going to be happening right now.  I mentioned predictable delivery. That's really important for us because we were so out-of-stock and our delivery and supply chain process was so inefficient that we had excessive amounts of safety stock in stores just to compensate for late and slow deliveries. Now that our supply chain has become much more efficient, this more predictable delivery will allow us to reduce safety stock so we'll have more frequent flow of product. That doesn't sound like a big deal, but in our environment, it's going to be a big deal, and that's going to be one of the most significant initiatives that we're going to take to get our inventory rebalanced.  And we think this is going to be a multi-quarter initiative. We'll be updating externally more at the end of this quarter. But we're going to see how our process goes this quarter, and then we'll have a better perspective on when we think we'll be in a position that we'll be most comfortable. And the only caveat to that would be we are committed to staying in-stock, we're committed to driving sales, and we're committed to protecting margins. So we're not going to swing this pendulum from one digit to the other. And so it's all about finding balance. But we feel comfortable that the quality of our inventory is really good. We have a small amount of seasonal inventory, so we don't have risk of taking excessive markdowns. So we feel like we have time on our side to get this in order. 
Marvin Ellison: No. Mike, it's a fair question. So let me just kind of take a step back and just give you kind of a broad view of the strategic approach that we're taking. One of the first observations that Bill made to me upon arriving is that we have too many category-wide promotional events. And so it is our intent and expectation that we will become less promotional, not more promotional. What we're trying to do with our promotions is to be more strategic and make them more event-based, more -- be less high/low, so that's something we're going to slowly wind ourselves out of and be more event-based.  Having said that, we're going to strategically choose categories that we believe are cart starters, project starters and that drive traffic. But when we lean into something like paint, we're going to be pulling back from other areas. So the net effect will be less promotions but more effective promotions. And so paint was the first attempt at that. We are very pleased with the results. Obviously, for competitive purposes, we're not going to telegraph what our next strategic move will be. But philosophically, I think the message is we're going to lean into certain categories that we think provide a broader strategic gain. We'll pull back from others, and we're going to be more SKU-focused on promotions than overall category. And that's going to allow us to drive price perception, to drive value perception but do it while protecting margin more effectively.  And Bill, I don't know if you have anything to add to that. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. Michael, we think, again, the net effect is going to be fewer promotions and more targeted promotions. So we don't see this as a risk. I mean as a matter of fact, we see it as a benefit because it's going to create an even more rational promotional atmosphere than what we have right now. We think we have a relatively rational sector from a promotion standpoint. We're in the process of redefining how we go to market. Anytime you have lost market share and lost relevance over a 5- to 7-year period, like Lowe's had done prior to 2019, you can't just run the same play over and over again and expect that you're going to get a different result.  And so we believe one of the reasons why, in Q1 and Q2, we've grown sales and taken share is because we've taken a more strategic approach to how we go to market. Having said that, we have no intentions on being more promotional. We have no intentions on doing anything that's going to ratchet up the promotional environment. This is an environment that competitors do special buys all the time, and a special buy is not really described as a promotion. It's described as taking advantage of a specific category on a specific event period. And so you'll see us do a lot of those different things, but we have no intention on being more promotional. We want to be less promotional, less high/low but a lot more strategic. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, Scot, I would say that we try to test and learn in everything that we do. And so I would say that from this whole predictable delivery process that we're rolling out, part of that has been in cooperations with the stores and with supply chain. So because of that, we have taken a few items. We'll not -- for competitive purposes, we're not going to kind of lay everything out there. But the short answer is yes, we have. And as we roll predictable delivery out to the entire company, we're evaluating safety stock levels by SKU by store so that we can understand what level of safety stock will be required for us to maintain the proper in-stock position, the proper presentation minimum while driving sales. And then that ties to the frequency required from the supply chain. So this whole predictable delivery model is in large part driven by tests with the operations team on how effective we can do this while still hitting our financial targets. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. That's why testing and learning, Scot, is the way you do it. I mean -- and that's just really the environment that we've put in place. We're not going to roll anything out chain-wide that we're not going to test it first. So the short answer is we have the analytics. We have the process design. And anytime we roll something chain-wide, you can be assured that we are pretty confident of what the outcome is going to be. 
Marvin Ellison: And the only thing I'll add to that is to reinforce points that I've made a couple of times this morning. We have very minimal seasonal inventory, so we don't have markdown risk of excessive inventory that we just have to work out of the system in a certain time frame. The good news about the home improvement sector is when you load in job-lot quantities in Pro-related categories, these are year-round SKUs. And when you look at presentation minimums, if you're doing it on core SKUs, you have limited markdown risk.  Having said that, we're still going to be working quarter-over-quarter to make sure that we are getting our inventory more in line with our rate of sales. We will learn a lot in the next 2 quarters, and we'll have a much more efficient and clear point of view as we head into 2020 for sure. 
Marvin Ellison: Brian, it's a good question. I'll take the first part then I'll hand it off to Joe. He's spent quite a bit of time on this. So let me first take a step back and give a more strategic overview of why Pro is important. I think one of the strategic missteps over the last 7 years here is not really understanding what the Pro customer does to the overall productivity of the business. I mean our stores operate with a -- in some cases, fixed expenses and variable expenses. And so as you drive more productivity through those boxes, it just creates and unlocks a lot of value. And so as we lean into Pro, our strategic rationale for this was how you take a box that has a certain amount of expenses allocated to it and exponentially increase volume, which makes it more productive.  And so we're pretty confident that our sales momentum over the last 2 quarters, our improvement in transactions and our improvement in sales per square foot in large part is driven by Pro. So the strategic rationale for Pro is traffic, transaction, sales per square foot productivity and just unlocking more value in every location. And so based on that, I mean we're committed to it.  So I'll let Joe kind of provide kind of some -- what's on the horizon that we think will allow us to continue to build on this very important customer. 
Marvin Ellison: And Brian, this is Marvin. The only additional comments, I mean we -- it was a lot of work, and I just have a ton of admiration for the merchant team, finance team, store operations team that really worked very hard to accelerate the recovery. But as I outlined in my prepared comments, I mean we have 2 initiatives coming for the -- over the next 12 months that are going to be critically important. The rollout of our price management system in Q4, it's going to be just critically important for us to just get to competitive parity. And then as we integrate this retail analytics platform from Boomerang, it's going to really take us from trailing almost every major retailer to being at a best-in-class level on pricing analytics.  And I think you're very aware that one of the most significant levers that any retailer our size has at its disposal around margin improvement is strategic pricing actions. And we learned a lot about strategic pricing in Q2, and we did it kind of the hard way. And as our systems continue to get better, it's going to make us a lot more agile. And so we have a lot of confidence in the future that we can continue to drive more sequential margin improvement from Q1 and just continue to get this whole platform stabilized. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. Eric, so I think when we look at online, it was definitely below our plan. But as I mentioned, we made a strategic decision that we were going to slow it down primarily by not adding additional SKUs. But here's a broader point to that I'd like for everyone to consider. So we delivered the 3.2% comparative sales in the U.S. with a 4% online growth. And so to me, that just screams upside opportunity because we know how to fix the online business. We've hired an outstanding President of Online in Mike Amend. And Seemantini, our CIO, has a depth of online experience from her time at Target. So we have the right people in position to get this fixed, and we have a very detailed transformation plan.  So although we are disappointed with the results, it was part of a strategic decision to slow it down short term, to make sure that we could get some issues corrected. We had just some fundamental process issues, i.e., if you added a new SKU online, every store has to go through a manual process as though that SKU is being added to the shelf. And that was a priority project for every store because if they didn't flag it in the store, print a label and go through the same manual process as though they would literally add it to the shelf, you couldn't add it online. As rudimentary as that sounds, that was the process, and we were able to get that fixed in the early part of Q3. And there were other just really prehistoric processes like that, that really hindered our ability to add additional SKUs.  And so the way we look at online is that we think for the balance of this year, we're going to have modest growth, but we're going to be working very aggressively on the replatforming to Google Cloud and a lot of other foundational functionality to just improve search, checkout, navigation, et cetera. And we believe as we get into 2020, you're going to start to see this business begin to grow at the rate that we expect it to. And we see nothing but upside potential.  Just as a reminder, online is, give or take, 5% of our total sales, and it grew at 4%, and we still delivered 3.2% comp. So we know that we have upside potential for the business by getting our arms around this business, and we have the people that can do it. 
Marvin Ellison: No. Well, thank you for your interest in Lowe's, and we look forward to updating you on our next quarterly earnings call. 
William Boltz: Yes. I think just to add to Marvin's comments, a couple of other things. The investment that we made propping up our MST team as well as our field merchant teams certainly started to take hold in Q2. And we're able to pull a lot of this event recovery and event execution off of the shoulders of our selling associates and really recover faster inside the stores. And that was a big difference this year versus last year. And then the marketing teams and the merchant teams did just a -- I thought, a superb job of coming with just great values that would drive traffic into the store and drive the basket.  And your comment around paint was -- we know that that's a traffic-driving category. We know it's the #1 DIY project. And by being able to strategically look at our overall promotional strategy inside the store, we're able to do something disruptive in paint that drove some unprecedented traffic into that category for Q2. So we're excited about what's happened. We're excited about where -- the learning we've received, it'll help aid certainly as we go into the back half of the year and more importantly into 2020. 
William Boltz: The only thing I would add is that the merchant teams now getting their feet on the ground, as they've all come together, along with our planning and replenishment teams on the supply chain side, SKU rationalization is an ongoing effort, right? It goes on all the time. So that's part of the rhythm of what they do, always looking at making sure you've got the most productive stuff inside the store. So... 
William Boltz: No. I think just it was also an area where we looked at a lot of disruption a year ago when we came in, and we had struggled really through the balance of the second half of last year to try to get paint stabilized. So really, 2019 gave us an opportunity to try to do something different, and that was an opportunity that we had to be able to mix it up a little bit. 
William Boltz: And Eric, the only thing -- this is Bill. The only thing I would add to Marvin's comments is that we're just in the early stages of getting the online merchants integrated with the core merchants. And so as that starts to gain traction and we get some of these legacy systems issues fixed, then the acceleration in the SKU expansion certainly starts to happen and we start to be able to really gain some traction on the online space. So there's a lot of good things in front of us for dot-com. 
