Robert Niblock: Greg, this is Robert. On the Orchard Supply stores, I think we've got 5 of them for planning up for this year. There's a lot of focus on remodeling the existing 72 stores that we purchased. As you know, those stores had not had a lot of investment put in them in a number of years, and we are seeing a nice lift in -- we are seeing a nice lift in the remodeled stores. So that's a big focus. And I think we've got about 10 remodels or so that we'll be able to accomplish this year. So and with our -- continuing to be any new stores for Orchard are really focused on dense, urban, metro areas that would have some clear air from a big box, so that you could really focus on being a community store and our go-to-market with the key categories that they focus on. Beyond that, on the other 15 stores, we've got about 6 in the U.S., about 4 in Canada and about 5 down in Mexico. 
Robert Niblock: Brian, this is Robert. Obviously, that was an extreme weather, as I mentioned in my comments. Bob gave you the impact that we thought it had on the fourth quarter. But in those parts of the country where we've seen the weather improve or where we haven't been as impacted by the extreme weather, we've been pleased with the comp performance we're delivering. 
Robert Niblock: And just to tie back to Greg's comment and part of your question. And remember, because he talked about the amount of investment we're making on in-store resets, is we're rolling off all the line review value improvement resets that he said that the amount of reset activity would be fairly similar year-to-year, last year to this year, because we're now -- because some of the customer experience resets that Greg talked about that we'll be investing in. 
Robert Niblock: Okay. Thanks, Peter. And thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our first quarter 2014 results on Wednesday, May 21. Have a great day. 
Robert Hull: Sure, Greg, I'll take the credit question and let Rick speak to you about the plans for labor productivity in 2014. So credit penetration in the fourth quarter was 26.5%, which is a 160 basis point increase relative to the comparable quarter last year. As we think about the credit deleverage, it's really -- we had some favorable developments in loan loss reserves in fourth quarter last year. We had a little bit less favorable forms this year, creating some expense pressure, which drove the 5 or so basis points of deleverage from a credit perspective. 
Robert Hull: Laura, so a couple of different ways. So of late, we've been using satellite imagery. So we take pictures of parking lots throughout the course of the year. We match that up with actual transaction counts in stores. Of late, we've been actually using some technology that involves traffic counters in the stores, which gives us close rate by day, by hour, which is going to further allow Rick and the team to optimize labor going forward. We've got both methodologies for the same stores and got similar results. We're pretty comfortable with the methodology. It allows us to forecast and see actual improvement in close rates. 
Robert Hull: So we've talked about a little cautious outlook coming into 2014. So as a result, our comp outlook of 4% is below what we would have intimated at the analyst conference in December of 2012 for 2014. If you think about 2013, our initial comp outlook was 3.5%. We delivered 4.8%. That's roughly $650 million higher versus the expected comp plan. In addition, our EBIT was about $175 million higher than planned, which is about a 26% flow-through rate. So if the market opportunity is there, we're going to capitalize on the opportunity and we're going to deliver an enhanced profitability. 
Robert Hull: The $100 million that I referenced is approximately 100 basis points to comp, Brian. So it would have taken the 3.9 to approximately 4.9. And then, as it relates to gross margin, I mentioned mix had a modest positive impact based on the mix of products sold. So slight favorable impact on gross margin rate. 
Robert Hull: So in the fourth quarter, the tickets above 500 were 8.9% comps. Tickets below 50 were 1.2%. And the middle was, the 50 to 500, was 2.2%. As we think about the 4 comp in 2014, about 2/3 of that will be driven by ticket. 1/3 by increase in transactions. So we do expect to see continued performance in the above-500 category. 
Robert Hull: The biggest one in the fourth quarter was outdoor power equipment. We also had strength in -- which is snow throwers, largely, and then appliances and fashion fixtures. Those were the 3 categories that propelled the big-ticket growth in the fourth quarter. 
Robert Hull: So, Kate, if you think about our outlook back from the analyst conference December of '12, we talked about 1/3 of the EBIT improvement coming from gross margin, which is about 90 basis points. In 2011 and 2012, our gross margin fell roughly 84 basis points. So really, we're just talking about recovering back to 2010 levels. Once we do that, we don't expect significant margin expansion on an annual basis after that. It's more of a maintenance mode. 
Robert Hull: So, Mike, as we think about the rule of thumb of 20 basis points of EBIT expansion per point of comp, hopefully, we'll see strength in 2014 and be able to over-deliver both the sales and EBIT plan in 2014, which would suggest a much lesser increase required in 2015. So simple math, if you take a look at the rule of thumb, that would just suggest 20 basis points per point of comp above 1; a 5.5 comp in 2014 and 2015 gets you there. However, if there's a more modest comp and there's an opportunity to further focus on expense productivity, there might be another way to get there. So we do have line of sight to drive market growth and enhance profitability. Whether that's through line design and building baskets, as Greg described, or as Rick talked about, further optimizing the labor investment we've already made in our stores, we're really focused on that. 
Robert Hull: So we did have a negative comp in the first quarter last year. The first 2 weeks of February were tough. Trends have improved significantly since then, and we are very comfortable with our outlook for the first quarter and for the year. 
Robert Hull: Yes. So depreciation should be flattish from a dollar perspective, 2014 versus 2013, which drives some modest leverage as a percent of sales. As we think about the reset expenses, we haven't broken out the specific aspect of resets. We've talked about maintaining our stores, giving them the updates they need, whether that's the physical property or the updates to the products based on the customer experience that Greg described. So that's kind of embedded in our operating model going forward as part of maintenance CapEx, if you will. 
Rick Damron: Okay, Greg, this is Rick. Regarding the labor investment. We made the decision at the end of Q3 to move the test into a permanent part of our staffing model, and completed that session this past year. We were very pleased with what we saw as our employees learned more about the store, we were able to get them into departments and get them trained. We saw greater productivity from that, which ultimately led to an improvement in close rate of 80 basis points in Q3 and Q4. So we were very pleased with the results, and we do not foresee any incremental investment required or any additional tests necessary. We're very comfortable with the investment we made, and we'll continue to drive greater leverage and productivity through 2014 with it. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Keith, this is Rick. As we look about -- think about installed sales, we continue to see strength across all the major drivers of our programs this past year. As Greg mentioned, flooring performed extremely well and we continue to see growth in that category as customers look to update flooring in new styles and new trends. The other components of that, Keith, that we have invested in over the past couple of years have been our in-home selling models. As we talk about our strategy to be able to meet customers anytime, anywhere they like, we realize that in-home was a major component of that. So we now have our project sales exterior specialists in all stores and in all markets across the country. We also have our interior specialists programs, which we had significant test for the past couple of years in 2 regions and some other geographical areas. We're continuing to roll that out in 2014, and we will grow that into 5 additional regions in this upcoming year. 
Rick Damron: Okay. I'll take the first part of that. Then I'll let Greg jump in on the categories and products. Scot, we have been very pleased. As you know, we've been focused on the pro essentially for now through about the past 18 months, looking at how we went to market and the opportunities for gaps that we saw that we needed to close to continue to gain share and be more relevant with the pro. We've completely redesigned our operating model regarding the pro this past year, which really took place in January, in how we went to market from a service perspective with the pro. And Greg referenced that this morning, as we talked about our in-store specialists meeting the needs within the local market. Then we also redefined our account specialists in the market to really go after the larger MRO accounts and contractors within the market to give us the ability to meet them on their job sites or in their places of business. And then also, we established our national accounts team, which focuses on those pros who deal with us across many states and many stores and make it much more simple for them to shop with us. The other components of that, that we've really took and really made -- sort of we continue to evaluate was the value proposition. As you know, we -- the pro received 5% value prop discount on anything on proprietary credit. That continues to resonate well with the pro, as well as our "the close program" on very large orders. And then also, the value that our contractor pack program provides, which is really purchasing bulk quantities within the stores. So we think we really addressed that with looking at how we went to market from a service standpoint. Also, providing great value every day to the pro. And then, quite frankly, we're extremely excited about the relaunch of LowesForPros, which will happen late Q1, early Q2 this year, which provides them much greater access to product, as well as to purchase history and to purchase information. So, Greg, I don't know if you want to talk a little bit about pros. 
Rick Damron: Sure, Peter. This is Rick. As it relates to the announcement from last year, keep in mind some of the changes that we implemented last year. The weekday team that we hired was a component of that announcement last year, or the 40,000 hires that we announced last year versus the 25,000 hires this year. As I said earlier, those positions moved from temporary or seasonal into regular, part-time positions throughout the year. So when you look at that, we were able to maintain a much higher base of level of employees this year compared to the previous year, which, frankly, helps us from a training perspective and on-boarding perspective. And we were able to carry those employees throughout the year versus having to go so heavily into the spring hiring process. We were able to continue to manage our full-time and part-time mix to give us much greater flexibility and help us manage payroll in a -- during Q4, especially in the latter half, when the weather really turn bad, gave us the ability to use that flexibility to continue leverage payroll, but also maintain our existing employee base. So we were carrying many more employees through the winter, and then the addition of the weekday teams also helped us to be able to pull that number down. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Sure. So as Bob was describing right now, Michael, the -- we're going forward and cycling down the massive amount of reset activity that we had through Value Improvement, which is obviously going to allow for more flow-through. But we are in the process of testing and piloting some customer experience work within the stores that we think is very important for now, for the foreseeable future. There'll be more of a balance of the total spend, when you look at the resets, re-merchandisings associated with customer experience and the decline in the large amount of resets that, for the first round of value improvement that we've seen over the last 2 years. So it somewhat balances out when you look at all the reset re-merchandising spend per store. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Sure, Aram. This is Greg. I'll be happy to. So when you go back to the question that we talked with -- Michael talked about a minute ago, with investment spend, some of the programs that we are testing right now have to do with going deep into customer research and see what's important for customers and make sure that we can start to build an experience that hit the attributes that they're looking for, both from all phases of a project, all the way from inspiration, to planning, to getting started, to getting supplies, all the way through enjoyment. We -- I mentioned to you a couple of years ago that we devoted 6 research -- consumer research analysts from our research team to the merchants to begin this process a couple of years ago. So, for instance, going on right now, and we're probably about halfway through this reset, we've looked at the fashion bath area and it was a challenge for customers to try to pull together a bath refresh project. They don't go behind the wall in a refresh, but they potentially change out -- they change out faucets, vanity tops, mirrors, lighting, a lot of details on the -- kind of on this side of the wall of the bathroom. So what they told us that they wanted was they wanted to visualize the results of this project. They wanted to bring -- they struggled to bring style and finish this together and look across the entire array of fixtures and accessories. And they want to understand what this looks like in end-use, but they also wanted to touch and feel the projects with the different products, and they wanted styles that met their taste. So what we did was we literally created pods. These are 8 foot, 16 foot pods to bring these different styles and finishes together in these categories: faucets bath, hardware bath, lighting, mirrors, wall surfaces and even countertops. And then we -- in these pods, we brought the height down. So literally, all these projects -- these products would be within reach of the customer, which was an important aspect of the shop for them. And then, with the work we've been doing through the Value Improvement Program and the cluster work that we've been using, we are able to localize those assortments. So when they go into the store that's in their market, those styles and those finishes, and even things like a 4-inch center spread or an 8-inch center spread for a faucet, will be more relevant to that market than before we entered into this process. So we're trying to bring all of these elements together that reflect the needs that they told us they -- really that provided them value and inspired them in a bath refresh project. So this is baby steps in a process that we're engaging in, we're piloting, we're learning from some of these first few projects, but you'll see more of it as we move into the latter part of 2014 and, certainly, in 2015. 
Gregory Bridgeford: These are a rotating series of programs. In '14, you'll expect -- you should expect that we'll do a lot of piloting as we learn what's working within these different tests. We'll be at trial in probably 5 or 6 categories, but it will be stretched out through the year. So we'll begin to see the payoff until '15 in virtually all of these different projects. The bath refresh, we you might see a payoff this latter part of '14. But I'd say, for the other pilots that we're doing, we'll see returns begin in '15. And when you think about the returns, in some cases, it's going to be -- it's going to come back to us in different ways. For example, if we do an outdoor living reset, and we accessorize product with the, what we call, the anchor product of a project, for example, accessorized complete patio set, one of the goals there would be to sell the set with the accessories at full price prior to the end of the season. That has significant financial implications in that category. That's different from the timing and the type of project that you're engaging if you're doing a bath refresh. In that case, it might be able to create that entire look of product and to be able to offer installation services and literally be able to offer the complete project installed for customers. So there's different financial components that will be part of the outcome, because we're trying to build these experiences around the attributes that customers are saying, "These are gaps. These are gaps or pain points in my current experience." So as we -- I said earlier that as we approach this customer experience designs, we have to make sure that we have the capabilities to offer these attributes to customers and meet them, and we also need to make sure that these produce the financial results that are sustainable. So we look -- we start with the customer. We look at the potential to re-create that experience. We look at the attributes that we're going to offer, make sure they fit our capabilities and make sure we have a clear understanding of the financial outcome. And it can be very different based on the occasions that we're trying to serve to customers to experience design. 
Gregory Bridgeford: And, Keith, also, flooring was a strong category. This is Greg. And it always tells you a lot about the weather when your top-selling subcategory is snow throwers. We see it hit historical highs in sales of snow throwers. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Kate, this is Greg, I would also say that the work we do in sales and operations planning, I think, tries to create that proper balance between driving transaction, driving ticket. And in doing so, we try to drive basket builds so that the out -- the gross -- the out-billing gross margin is something that is accretive for us. So it's a good mix that we've been getting better and better, I think, over the last 18 months, since we've instituted this process of making sure that what we direct customers to through our advertising and through our in-store merchandising creates the gross margin outcome that we want as we drive the entire basket of attachments and anchor items. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Thanks, Rick. I think Rick really described very well the -- our ability to deliver, enhance the delivery system against expectations for the pro. And so the key is -- that I want to talk about is what do we have to deliver? What's the content? So we spent -- if you go back in the last 2 years, we spent a significant amount of value improvement, process improvements on looking at the categories that are extremely relevant and have a high penetration of pro sales, whether that's hardware tools, rough plumbing, rough electrical, power tool accessories, handheld power, hand tools, building materials. And we've tried to make sure that from an -- and as you know, we've also tried to make sure -- so we get our cost structure right, try to make sure from an inventory standpoint that we had the proper inventory. We've worked hard. We've been very overt about what we've been doing with inventory, specifically focused on the categories. Earlier in 2013, we said we need even a greater focus on this. So we subdivided merchandising. When Mike Jones came in, one of the first things he did within 3 months was subdivide the merchandising divisions and put a heavy focus on what we call the building and maintenance categories, with a new GMM. That's provided the kind of longer-term strategy and shorter-term tactics that we think we need to meet the needs of the pro and to address all the attributes that's important for them. So we've got a very, very heavy focus on it right now, what's the proper offering for this discrete type of pro customer, for this segment, whether it's an MRO customer, whether it's an R&R customer, and are we meeting those needs. And we're using research. We're going back to the basic approach with experience design, even in building and maintenance, and saying, "Okay, what are the experience attributes that are important for these subsegments?" So armed with that, we're building longer-term strategies to be important for that customer and shorter-term tactics that we think can optimize this great category, this great business, one of the best businesses in Lowe's and one that we have a long, long history in. And when Rick and I joined Lowe's, sales to pros were 60% in terms of our sales mix. So we both are dedicated to seeing relevance in this category. 
