David Denton: Thanks, Marvin, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by echoing Marvin's appreciation for the tremendous work that our associates have done during this crisis across our stores and distribution network. As always, our highest priority is the health and safety of our associates and customers.  I'll now take a moment to review the operational changes that we implemented this quarter in response to COVID-19. We began with an immediate assessment of how to best facilitate social distancing in our operations and then quickly acted to implement the following: additional signage and floor markers; adding social distancing ambassadors to manage customer traffic flow; leveraging new technology available on handheld smart devices to monitor store traffic, helping store managers limit customers based on the store footprint, in line with regulatory requirements; and we're moving product from our stores to help free up additional space for our customers, especially in high-traffic areas.  As Marvin mentioned, on average, our stores are 144,000 square feet in size, including the garden center. Therefore, we also deployed a data-driven process to implement additional safety measures in areas where customers tend to congregate, such as our point-of-sale registers, the garden center and the paint desk. For example, in our garden centers, we utilized our Merchandising Services Teams, or MSTs, to remove shelving in product to encourage customers to spread out. And at the garden center entrance, we set up one-way traffic flows and limited the number of customers entering at any one time.  To ensure a clean, safe operating environment, we implemented more stringent cleaning procedures, added more hours for our third-party cleaning service and closed our stores 3 hours early at 7 p.m. to allow for increased cleaning and restocking activities. We also determined that keeping our stores open until 7 p.m. allowed for enough operating hours during the day to minimize concentration of customer traffic.  Lowe's is one of the first retailers to install Plexiglass shields at the point-of-sale areas in all stores. We also distributed gloves and masks to our associates to wear during their shifts.  As a reflection of our commitment to our associates, we provided them with additional financial assistance totaling $290 million in incremental investment in the first quarter. We made 2 special payments to hourly associates to help with unexpected expenses, one in March and one in May, with each payment consisting of $300 for full time and $150 for part time and seasonal associates. And for the month of April, we instituted a temporary wage increase of $2 per hour for all hourly associates.  To further protect the health of our associates and those around them, we offered 14 days of emergency paid leave for all associates who needed it. And for those at high risk for severe illness from COVID-19, we offered emergency paid leave of up to 4 weeks. And to show our support to our dedicated frontline managers, we have provided them with an additional 2 weeks of paid vacation to recharge and spend time with their families. We also extended telemedicine services to all associates and their families, whether or not they were enrolled in Lowe's medical plans.  And to do our part in protecting frontline medical workers and first responders, we committed $50 million of support to our communities this year, including approximately $10 million worth of essential protective products, including N95 masks.  And as online demand increased, smart devices allowed associates to go buy online, pick up in store and parcel shipping orders more efficiently. In fact, this quarter, we rolled out curbside pickup in a matter of days. This rapid response would not have been possible without the technology we deployed in 2019.  Our new customer-centric scheduling system and scheduling effectiveness tools also allowed us to monitor store traffic versus associate availability and deliver customized, tiered sets of priorities for stores based on their capacity level.  As we look forward, we remain committed to our retail fundamental strategy and investing for future growth.  In closing, I'm incredibly proud of how our associates responded and adapted to this challenging environment. They serve our customers and communities in a time of tremendous need, and we remain committed to supporting them as our most valuable asset. I'm really pleased to announce that 100% of our stores earned the Winning Together profit sharing bonuses this quarter totaling $87 million. Based on stronger-than-expected store performance, this represents an incremental $24 million payment to our frontline associates, above the target payment level.  Thank you, and I'll now turn the call over to Bill. 
David Denton: Yes. Simeon, I'd just add kind of a couple of points. One, real time, we're tactically responding and managing to the increased demands for consumers for these essential products that they're seeing in our stores. So one, real time, we're working on that.  Secondly, importantly, we're still running our long-term playbook. We're making investments today to drive long-term shareholder value in the out year. So we have not deviated from that playbook.  And three, we have developed a variety of, I guess, plans that can allow us to flex, both from a merchandising perspective to lean into more nondiscretionary-type items over the back half, if required; and secondly, being able -- with all the tools that we put in place operationally, to be able to flex our labor and operating expense profile to manage in a slightly softer demand environment. 
David Denton: Yes. Michael, listen, it's our expectation that we would recover by the end of the year our gross margin to the baseline rate that we talked about. That was our prior guidance. And we're largely working on that day in and day out. I'd say there's a combined team between really merchandise and finance focused against that effort. And I'm actually really pleased with the progress we made, and we continue to push forward. So I feel like we're in really good stead there. We're kind of making the right investments to improve our performance.  And then secondly, from a share repurchase perspective, listen, we'll wait and see. I think the good news is, at the moment, our cash flow was very robust and really strong. We've shored up our balance sheet from a liquidity perspective. Let's just kind of watch and see just given the dynamic nature of this market and see where we stand. And we'll watch it carefully as we go through the balance of this year. 
David Denton: Yes. And Seth, I'll just add, give a shout-out to all the ops team to really be very focused and really drive a lot of efficiencies this quarter. However, there will be additional cost that we will incur as the new operating model goes forward. We incurred cleaning -- incremental cost for cleaning. We're put in social distancing ambassadors in our stores to manage the queues and flow-through from a traffic perspective. So some of those costs, which we incurred about $35 million in the first quarter, are probably ongoing for the balance of this year. 
David Denton: It's largely cost in the quarter. There's always some accruals based on when things actually get paid. But largely, this is expenses that are incurred in Q1. 
David Denton: That's correct. If you look at our leverage ratio as we sit today, we're probably a little bit over 2.8 at this point in time. But if you net the cash that we have on our balance sheet, we're well below that. And I think just given the unprecedented environment we're operating, we're just going to be conservative here for a while until we kind of see how this plays out for the balance of the year. 
David Denton: Yes. And to Marvin's point, obviously, we -- our stores, there's a lot of value in our stores, the items that we sell. And if you just look in the rearview mirror, you look at the number of items that we promoted this year versus the number of items that we sold on promotion last year, we're down about 24%. 
David Denton: Sure. So I'll take gross margin. I'll flip to Joe to talk a bit about SG&A. I think, obviously, from a gross margin perspective, is my -- in my prepared comments, we made really nice progress. I think maybe the best way to look at it is in February. So when we entered the year, we were actively running our playbook. We had work between finance and merchandising to improve our cost complement, to partner more deeply with vendors, to manage our promotional cadence more effectively. And I think we're largely hitting in -- hitting our plan, if not, probably a little bit in advance of our plan as we went into February. Obviously, we got turbocharged a bit from a gross margin expansion perspective due to COVID in the back half of the quarter, but I feel like the underlying elements that we had put in place are driving really solid performance there. We still have work to do. We're not done. This is a marathon, not a sprint. But I think we have the right pieces together to play out and improve our margin performance, both in the short term but the long term.  And maybe I'll flip it to Joe to talk a bit about SG&A. 
David Denton: Great. Thank you very much for calling in today and talking about Lowe's. Please stay safe and healthy. 
Marvin Ellison: Simeon, this is Marvin. I'll take the first part, then I'll let Dave take the second piece. You're right, this is a very unique and unprecedented environment that we're in. But what we can tell you is that we had very strong sales in April. And as Dave mentioned in his prepared comments, that momentum has continued into May. That includes a triple-digit comps in Lowes.com that also transitioned from April into May. We don't anticipate we're going to see negative comps, but we do anticipate that we're going to see sales start to moderate at some point in the latter part of this quarter and in the back half of the year.  What's interesting about this environment is that this is not a housing recession. If you go back to 2008, 2009, you're in a housing recession, and so the home improvement business was directly impacted. This is obviously different. And we're seeing still sustained strength from our homeowners because they're sheltering in place, and they're finding those projects around the house. Having said that, like every other company out there, we have very limited visibility to what's going to happen in the out months and out quarters, but we do feel as though, even in this unprecedented environment, we have a really good execution plan. And we think the results in Q1 reflected that. So I'll let Dave add anything. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, I think what's interesting is the strength remains in DIY. But for us, the Pro customer remains healthy, and that customer has transitioned primarily to outside project. Also as a reminder, our Pro customer is the smaller, what we call it, a pickup truck Pro. That Pro was less impacted in this forced downturn than the larger, more industrial Pro. So even though Pro was not as robust as DIY, our Pro's growth was still really strong in the quarter, and that strength continues. And their pipeline is more delayed and not canceled, and now you're starting to see those jobs pick up.  Another interesting data point is in the states that are beginning to reopen, we are seeing our stores outperform the total company comp in those locations, which, to us, is a data point, but it's a glimmer of hope that we're able to sustain our performance, even when there is a broader competitive landscape out there.  But again, Simeon, there's a lot we don't know. There's a lot of uncertainty. But as Dave said, we have a lot of levers that we can pull from an expense management perspective. And Bill Boltz and Joe McFarland have really detailed playbooks from the 2008, 2009 period when we had to transition, in our old life, to a more repair and maintenance type of strategy. We know how to do that. So if that is a requirement, we have a very experienced team of merchants and operators that can make that pivot. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, Mike, we don't see this as a pull-forward because these were projects that were on the customers' to-do list that they simply didn't have time to get to. I mean, as a reminder, I mean, we're in the essential retail business, and 2/3 of what we sell is nondiscretionary. And what we saw a lot is customers coming in and fixing things that they had just delayed. So we don't see it as a pull-forward at all.  Look, we're blessed to be open. We're very thankful that we're open. But this is, without question, the most challenging environment that any of us have ever worked in. And when we look at what the customers are buying and we look at the sustainability of it, we don't see what occurred in Q1. We don't see what occurred in April as a pull-forward. We just see it as a unique demand shift based on the competitive landscape and based on customers sheltering in place. 
Marvin Ellison: So Seth, I'll take the first part, and then I hand it over to Joe McFarland. I think that the key to our ability to have the leverage performance was the new scheduling and labor management system. Timing is everything, and our associates have been incredibly heroic during this time. But the ability to make sure we could look at the demands of the business by location, by department of the store to schedule effectively was in large parts.  I'll let Joe McFarland talk about what we were able to benefit from the labor scheduling system, in addition to some other expense-related initiatives that they drove in operation. 
Marvin Ellison: So Seth, I mean, our goal is to take care of our associates. I mean we're really proud that in Q1, we invested roughly $340 million in our associates and our customers and communities. We're going to continue to make sure that we take care of our associates as this pandemic continues to drive a unique environment in our stores. Like anything else, it's difficult for us to project when that's going to be. But as an example, we paid out $80 million in special payments in the month of March, $2 wage increase for hourly associates in the month of April, another $80-plus million in special payments for the month of May. Joe talked about the Winning Together payment that we're going to make over and above the target for the month of June. And so we've looked at the needs of our associate, and we'll make the appropriate decision based on what we think is in their best interest. 
Marvin Ellison: So I'll take the first one and let Joe talk about the install piece. The short answer is yes. DIY remains very, very strong. Pro is improving. And remember what I said, because our Pro is that smaller pickup truck Pro, the desk Pro tends to be less impacted by macroeconomic factors. And so desk Pro was healthy, but they're getting even more healthy as the weeks and days progresses throughout the year. And as I mentioned, in states that are reopening, we see strength in our business, but we also see strength in these urban store locations. Remember, I mentioned in the first quarter, our remote stores dramatically outperformed urban stores by almost 650 basis points. We're starting to see those urban markets start to improve as well. And so as Dave mentioned, there's a broad geographic positive double-digit performance that we're seeing.  And Joe can talk a little bit about the install piece. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, what I can tell you, Greg, is that we're just pleased that the work that we put into stabilizing and modernizing Lowes.com is starting to pay dividends. As we mentioned in the last couple of calls back last year, the entire dot-com site was on a decade-old platform. And so we're in the process of transitioning that to Google Cloud, will be complete this quarter, but that allowed us to take on the demand. And what we're seeing is that customers simply want to shop the way that they choose to. And in the past, we couldn't accommodate that. Joe mentioned in his prepared comments, when we start to get request from customers for curbside, we put that up and going in 3 days. I mean this time last year, it would've been impossible to do that because we didn't have the infrastructure.  Bill Boltz and the merchant team has also done a really nice job of adding additional SKUs, and I'll let Bill talk about some of the work the merchants have done that has allowed us to drive the dot-com business and some of the future work that we have in place to drive dot-com for the balance of the year. 
Marvin Ellison: And Greg, the other point I make, I mean, I would say, roughly 90% of our dot-com sales are fulfilled or picked up at a store. And for us, that's significant because anytime the customer can pick it up at a store, that helps us to defer the cost of operating that platform. The good news is Lowes.com will only get better for the balance of the year. And as I mentioned, we're triple-digit growth in April. We're triple-digit growth month-to-date, and we can sustain that. And we're having improved functionality for the customer each and every week, and that's something that we're excited about the future. 
Marvin Ellison: Eric, this is Marvin. I'll take the Spring Black Friday, and I'll let Bill talk about Memorial Day and Q2. So when we look at Spring Black Friday, we received minimal incremental sales benefit from the event. Due to the distribution process of print media, we were unsuccessful in pulling the tap from distribution. But when we look at all other forms of media, all other traffic driving mechanisms for the event was pulled. So from that, the sales were minimal. And let me make sure, just for the broad audience, I define how we look at print media. Print is the least effective marketing medium that we have, and total sales contribution generated by print for Lowe's is 0.7%. So I know there was a lot of discussion that Spring Black Friday was a benefit to us in the quarter. But as I said, it was incrementally minimal at best.  In addition to that, as you know, we closed for Easter. And we were forecasting Easter to be a plus-$200 million day. And when Dave Denton, Joe McFarland, Bill Boltz and I sat down and made that decision to close, we had no idea at that time how we would make the sales up. But we felt like it was in the best interest of our associates and their families to give them a day off, and we would just take the financial hit, for lack of a better term, for that decision. But we felt like that it was simply culturally the right thing to do. So when we take then close for Easter, when we take full in all other traffic driving mechanisms for Spring Black Friday, both events turned into a negative environment from a sales perspective for us. So that kind of summarizes Easter and Spring Black Friday. And looking in the rearview mirror, I'll let Bill talk about Q2. 
Marvin Ellison: And Eric, the last point I'll make, and I think Dave will close the comment is, I mean, at the end of the day, we want to be a value-oriented retailer. But we don't want to be promotional. I think that's what just a point that Bill has said from his very first day here. So you may not see us using traffic driving media to get incremental footsteps in the store in this unique environment that we're operating in, but when the customers come in, we want them to see a value on the shelf because if there is a time that you ever needed a value for customers, this is one of those times. But we will be very cognizant and conscious of not driving traffic in an environment where that may put people at risk. And that's something that we're going to balance really well. 
Marvin Ellison: Kate, this is Marvin. That's a really good question. What I will tell you is that this was such a unique quarter, and we were so focused on, first and foremost, making sure that we were looking into the health and safety of our associates and our customers. That is not a dataset that we spend a ton of time looking at. Candidly, as I said in my prepared comments, the moment we started to address the challenges of COVID-19 for our associates and customers, we became less focused on the financial performance of the company, and we became more focused on trying to provide the essential products that our customers and communities needed. I'm sure we can get that data, and we can probably share. I'm sure Investor Relations team can get it for you, but we were just so focused on just trying to run this business, serve our customers, serve our communities and keep our associates safe. But there are a lot of datasets we didn't pay a lot of attention to this quarter. 
Marvin Ellison: No. Average ticket remains strong. We have seen no trade-down. Our customer segment has been surprisingly resilient. And as I stated earlier, customers have rediscovered Lowe's. We know that for a fact. But again, patterns have been strong. They've been very consistent. And we're continuing, as you can imagine, to track it on a day-by-day, hour-by-hour basis, so we can make the necessary adjustment. 
Joseph McFarland: Yes. Thanks, Seth. This is Joe. So as we've been working on our 60-40, and again, that is to shift our labor productivity from tasking to selling, we are well on our way in our 60-40 transition. And so if you think about things that Marvin mentioned, the customer-centric schedule, we were able to really dial in our associate staffing based on departments that were lifting, reallocate labor in the areas of the store that were suffering. And also the smartphones, the ability for the associates to be able to sustain 150% comps in dot-com in the month of April and 80% for the quarter would not have been doable had we not done things, like our pick app, in the smartphone applications that really allow the associates to set up curbside delivery.  And so, Seth, there are a number of things throughout the quarter, the operational initiatives that we continue to stay focused on, our centralized receiving. So a lot of things allowed us to gain that leverage. 
Joseph McFarland: Yes. So from the install piece, Marvin mentioned that our install heavy related categories for the quarter were significantly down, as referenced in our negative comps in kitchen and bath. As we have progressed through the quarter and looked week by week, we have a really robust dashboard that we look at that includes things like future leads. And so on the exterior installation projects, we're really seeing that business come back very, very quickly. So we're very pleased there. We are making progress on the interior projects, but that will be slow, and that will be tempered as our consumers feel more and more comfortable allowing our Pros in their home, our installers in their home. 
Joseph McFarland: Yes. So Greg, it's Joe. So just over 60% of our orders are picked up in store, and then the incremental is fulfilled primarily through store. 
Joseph McFarland: Yes. Thanks, Chris. So from an SG&A standpoint, the team did a really nice job in Q1, obviously, as Dave had mentioned. And as we look forward, it would be continued strong sales. We have a rule of thumb based on sales outperformance and payroll leverage. But in addition, the hard work that the ops team has done, putting new engineered labor standards in, the labor engine that the team built, the mix between ticket and transactions, and we're very confident in our ability to continue to leverage on SG&A. 
