David Denton: Chris, this is Dave. I think you're right. Obviously, we are very focused on delivering upon that 12% operating margin target. And keep in mind, that's just a step function. That's not the end. We think we can do better than that over time. It's clear at this point in time, we're trending a bit ahead of that, given just how our business is performing. But having said that, we still have a lot of investments that we're making to be sure that we can consistently deliver that 12% day in and day out.  I think you heard us talk about this morning that we're investing in assortment and merchandise in the store environment. We're making really important strategic investments in our online capabilities and technology platform as well as in our supply chain. And we continue to focus in those areas to make sure that we can consistently deliver both really strong top line performance, manage gross margin at a reasonable rate, leverage SG&A in a meaningful way, so we can deliver that off-base target over time. 
David Denton: I don't know that there's anything materially that's changed there. Clearly, 2019, we had a bit of a step down in gross margin. Our objective in 2020 and beyond was to get our margin rate back. Keep in mind that we are making investments in supply chain that will disproportionately dampen gross margin rate but will allow us to lever SG&A more productively over time. So you have some natural kind of geography shift within the P&L, Simeon. 
David Denton: And Michael, as it relates to pros, I'll ask Bill to comment here a bit as well. But clearly, as we cycle in the back half of the year, we do think promotions will tick up just a little bit. I don't think it will be a material change. But I think it is important that we communicate really the value that we're offering to both consumers and the pros, the breadth of offering that we have at Lowe's. And I think because of that, you'll see just a slight tick-up, but I don't think a material change from a commercial cadence perspective. I'll ask Bill to... 
David Denton: Yes. Chuck, Dave here. Obviously, we have a tremendous amount of opportunity here. Part of what we're doing is investing in our infrastructure such that our base can become a lot more productive day in and day out. And you heard Joe speak about all the investments we're making from a technology perspective within the store environment such that we can really leverage the hours that we have in our stores to put more of those hours to work facing customers and actually driving increased sales and productivity as we move volume through the box. So I think there's a big opportunity. You'll see us continue to talk about it and push on it. And actually, even leveraging the omnichannel environment will also help that. Because if we engage consumers both in the store and online, it really helps us leverage those fixed costs across our platform. 
David Denton: Steven, just keep in mind that what we have done here is consistent with our long-term plan because we were always in the mode of investing in the supply chain that we knew would drive incremental costs and dampen gross margin rate but would alleviate some SG&A pressure in the stores and across our platform. So I think the plan over the long term is consistent with that. Clearly, when you make investments in the short term, you have to stand up the facilities in advance for them being at full productivity level, so there will be some near-term headwinds. And that's somewhat of the commentary you heard me speak about as you thought about the back half of 2020 is really due to that fact. 
David Denton: Listen, I don't think so. Listen, I think we've seen really strong growth and retention of both new and repeat customers in our channel, both from a Pro perspective and DIY. I think just practically speaking, we're going into kind of the season which demand begins to moderate just from a natural progression perspective. And I think that's just what we're trying to call out as you think about the back half of the year. I think we're really nicely positioned from a merchandising perspective and from a labor perspective that we're going to really do well from a service perspective and have the right product in stores and online to meet the demand for these customers. 
David Denton: No. We have not. I think actually where COVID has picked up, we've seen very strong demand in those markets. And it's been pretty consistent, so we really have not seen a material change in there. 
Marvin Ellison: Mike, I think it's a fair question. Next year is difficult for all the obvious macro reasons. But we feel good about our business trends. And look, I don't want to minimize the impact of what we describe as retail fundamentals. We talked about getting foundational things in place here at Lowe's for the last 18 months. And they're paying dividends. Getting dot-com on the cloud, hiring an experienced team of home improvement and retail experts in key functional areas, new price management system, field merchants, focus on Pro, I mean, all of these things matter. And when we think about market share and we think about the sustainability of it, our data is pretty consistent that when customers shop us in store or online, they have a good experience. They come back. When customers shop us in our stores, especially in this environment and they feel safe, they come back.  We've done an analysis that suggests that our COVID-19 safety protocols in our stores are amongst the strongest in the industry. And Forbes ranked Lowe's #6 on their list relative to that. And our research tells us that when customers show up in our environment, specifically during this COVID-19 crisis and they feel safe and they feel well taken care of, they come back. And when you look at our first half results, it demonstrates that customers are coming back over and over again. And so we believe that of all the things within our control, if we can execute these at a continual high level, then the rest will take care of itself. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. So Michael, let me take the first part of the Pro question, then I'll hand it to Joe and he can give you a little bit more context. We feel really good about our Pro business. And we stated in the prepared comments that DIY outperformed Pro from a comp perspective. But we expected that in this environment. But we also know that we had increased performance in our urban areas. And we think that, that was driven by our improved performance in Pro as well as our omnichannel and online performance, which you have to have in those urban markets. So I'll let Joe just briefly cover a little bit about the Pro segmentation that we have. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, we think it's significant. I mean we've talked from the very beginning about the importance of modernizing our online business. And I just can't help but reiterate that just a year ago, we were on a decade-old platform. And we were slowing our growth because we were disappointing customers. So the ability for Seemantini and her team to get this replatforming effort done in the second quarter is monumental for us because it gives us so much agility and flexibility to build on that platform. We're not going to put any numbers to that, Chuck, because I think in this environment, it's really difficult.  But what we do know is that it will be impossible for us to deliver 135% comp as we did in the second quarter without that replatforming effort. Because our instability was such that back in Black Friday of 2018, the volume we had crashed the whole system. And we've had volume that exceeded that for probably 90 straight days. So that tells you where we were and where we are. I'll let Bill talk a little bit about some of the specific things coming online that we think will continue to build that business and open up to a whole new set of customers that will continue to rediscover Lowe's. 
Marvin Ellison: So Chuck, we're not trying to avoid answering the specifics of the question. It's just really tough to forecast. We just know that we have a much better platform that we can take that demand and manage it as it comes our way. 
Marvin Ellison: So Chuck, this is Marvin. And I'll just add this last point. So if you think about where the opportunity exists for us to increase sales per square foot, first, it starts with what Dave talked about and Bill discussed in his prepared comments regarding the work we're going to do in the second half to get our adjacencies corrected and to go in and drive more bay productivity based on how we are merchandising the floor and also creating a more intuitive shopping experience. This sounds very basic. But we all were surprised with the poor adjacency structure in our stores and how most stores don't even have planograms in the system. And so it's almost impossible to merchandise and to have a good replenishment strategy. So that's number one.  Number two, you have 3 things that are going to drive productivity in existing stores: an increased penetration in Pro, an improved e-commerce and omnichannel infrastructure and a better install business. And we have negative comp in installed business last year. We've discussed dot-com to a high degree of detail and we've also talked a lot about Pro. And so all of these investments are part of our strategy to hit those targets that you talked about. And we think we're well on our way to making some progress. 
Marvin Ellison: Scot, I'll take it. This is Marvin. So I'll take the second part first. No, I mean, we hadn't really delayed any large project. Dave mentioned, to the contrary, we've decided to push projects up that drive productivity and also that impact the improvement of our omnichannel strategy because we believe that we're behind. And candidly, we want to come out of this COVID-19 crisis a better company than we were going into it. And we think we're making progress in that area.  Relative to supply chain and our transition of products like appliances out, we're in the early stages of that. I reiterated in my prepared comments that we are going to have an aggressive 18-month strategy to roll out, deliver cross-dock and bulk distribution centers and also online fulfillment centers. Our pilots have proven successful in getting appliances and bulk product out of our backrooms into more centralized, local distribution or delivery. And you're going to see us accelerate that in the back half of the year going into next year. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. And Scot, the last point I'll make, just giving credit to Joe's team and the IT team. Without some of the advancements in technology, like the new labor scheduling system, I mean, we would be in a much different position as a company, trying to serve the needs of the customer and the needs of the associates in this unique environment. But having a system that gives us the ability to manage to the unique needs of both customers and associates, that system was put in place last year, it's created just an enormous benefit to our ability to not only serve customers but to drive productivity. So proud of the progress of Joe and the operations team. And we think we'll hit that target before what we committed to because it's just the right thing to do for our associates but also for our shareholders. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. I think -- and Steve, this is Marvin. The only point I'll add is, obviously, this is part of our plan. But we also have things we're implementing that will be offset. And I talked about the price management system. And the continued maturation of that system gives Bill and his team a lot more understanding to drive benefits relative to pricing and also having a more balanced promotional strategy.  Some of the things that Joe is putting in the stores from a productivity perspective that's helping us to get that balanced payroll, which also drives operating income improvement. So there will be offsets to go along with the investments we're making. This is not really a pull-forward. This is really a reminder of where we are in the process, so it keeps us on track. We're not getting off track, and we're not going to create any downside scenarios that we didn't anticipate. 
Marvin Ellison: We do not see it as pull-forward. I think what we've tried to articulate is that this is a really unique environment, where most of us are forced to spend more time at home than we ever have in our lifetimes. And so those customers are finding projects around the house that have been on the list, they just hadn't got a chance to get to them or candidly they just didn't notice them. So we don't see this as a pull-forward. This is more of an incremental add.  In addition to that, as I mentioned, we've been running a negative install business for the past couple of years. And Bill Boltz and his merchandising teams made big investments last year in updating our flooring showrooms in our stores and updating our kitchen showrooms. We believe that those investments in the store has led to us improving our install business this year, along with the restructuring of the field team that Joe took on.  So the short answer is we don't see this as pull-forward. We see it as incremental just based on the unique environment that we're in. And we also see it as market share gain. I mean it's difficult for a company our size to grow sales by 35% comp without having some significant market share gain that's happening as well. 
Marvin Ellison: I would say your assumption is correct on the ratio between Pro and DIY, relative to a composition change, not so much. I mean this is a unique environment. And most of 2019, our Pro comps outperformed DIY. The shift occurred, obviously, during this COVID-19 crisis, where customers are spending more time at home. And in some cases, they're still a little apprehensive to allow contractors in their home. So we think those combination of factors is driving the resurgence in DIY. We have to be more penetrated from a DIY perspective as a company. Our Pro business is growing, but DIY has always been a strength, and we think that we're benefiting from the current trends. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, what I would say is we've given plenty competition information. So we're not going to give you any more specifics on ratios because we think we've given enough to provide context and color. But going into the back half of the year, this shifts inside versus outside just due to weather and seasonality. I'll let Bill talk a little bit about what our focus is on the inside and the back half because it's something that we've been working quite a bit on. 
Marvin Ellison: So -- and the last point I'd make, we have 15 geographic regions. All 15 were 30% comp or higher. I mean that's a pretty unprecedented number. And that illustrates the consistency of demand across rural, urban and all types of geographies in the country. And we think that is also consistent with really good execution by the merchandising and stores team to drive the business as well as outstanding work from our store leaders out there every day, doing incredible job for customers and communities. 
William Boltz: Yes. Just to -- Michael, just to add on what Dave was saying, I think we've clearly got to realize that gift centers and the holiday trim and tree programs were all committed for and bought prior to COVID happening. And so those were well in motion and on the way. And those are things that we have to work our way through based on how the consumer responds to those programs. But I think it's also important to clarify that during the quarter and during the first half of this year, we were dramatically less promotional all around building around our pricing and promo strategy that we've been working to put in place over the last 20 months, which has been a focus on everyday values and being priced right every day for our customer. And so really pleased with the traction that we're making with the teams. And I think as we look at the back half, it's not like we're going to go from one side of the road to the other and just get back into the promotional game. 
William Boltz: Yes. I think it's important to note that during the quarter, all 15 departments grew at or above double-digit rates for dot-com. All -- and the migration to the cloud, obviously, allowed for speed, allowed for us to be nimble. But we've got improved checkout and navigation continuing to happen as we go through the back half. We've continued to work on separating freight from costs. And if you remember our comments on this before, this will help make sure that competitive pricing shows up online the way it needs to show up online, continue to enhance our curbside pickup, working with Joe's team in store, continuing to improve our buy online, pick up in store process to make that store picking faster. And in my prepared remarks, I talked about the store picking app, that's all around designing for the associate to be able to handle the customer with speed. So we've got a lot of efforts going in addition to adding SKUs and improving the content that we put out there on dot-com on a daily and weekly basis. 
William Boltz: Yes. I think to play off of Marvin's comments, as we shift to the fall business, it naturally shifts indoor. But in the southern parts of the country, there's still a lot of outdoor projects that get done as the weather cools. But for the northern markets, the Pro moves inside, the consumer moves inside, flooring, kitchens, bath, those types of projects, all about getting the home ready for the holidays is where the customers focus. And then you have your natural fall businesses, right? So fall businesses continue to play. Those are a little less seasonal than the spring time frame. And they're all really driven based on what Mother Nature brings. So that's really what drives the back half of the year. 
