Robert Niblock: Good morning, and thanks for your interest in Lowe's. I'm pleased that we delivered another solid quarter with comparable sales growth of 4.6% or 9.7% on a 2-year basis. Our comp growth was balanced with a 2.5% increase in comp transactions and a 2% increase in average ticket. Our U.S. home improvement business achieved 5% comps for the quarter with all 14 regions generating positive comps. While our businesses in Canada and Mexico delivered high single-digit comps in local currency, our consolidated comp was negatively impacted by foreign currency translation. We generated positive comps in 12 of 13 product categories with outdoor power equipment delivering flat comps on top of double-digit comps last year. We had strength in seasonal living as customers took the opportunity to extend the outdoor season, driven by warmer and drier weather early in the quarter. Tools and hardware also performed well as both Pro and DIY customers responded to the improvements we continue to make in our assortment, further enhanced by exciting home center exclusives. And our strong brand and service advantage in appliances continue to drive double-digit comps in the category for the fourth quarter in a row.  Lastly, our Pro business also performed well as we continue to build deeper relationships with the Pro by enhancing our product and service offering to meet their unique needs. For the quarter, gross margin expanded 26 basis points, and we effectively controlled expenses, delivering 130 basis points of operating margin expansion and earnings per share of $0.80, a 36% increase over last year's third quarter. Delivering our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, in the quarter, we repurchased $750 million of stock under our share repurchase program and paid $260 million in dividends. We've been working to improve our product and service offering for the Pro customer and differentiating ourselves through better customer experiences that make us the project authority. And we continue to enhance our omni-channel capabilities, transforming our brand from a multi-channel offering, in-store, digital, in-home and by phone to an omni-channel experience where all of our channels work in concert with one another. To clarify, this transition is -- this transformation is about much more than growing our e-commerce business. Our efforts were centered around supporting customers at every step of the home improvement journey and building greater affinity for the Lowe's brand. I'm particularly encouraged by the momentum we're gaining through increased engagement with our in-home selling efforts.  During the third quarter we expanded our Project Specialist Interiors program to an additional 475 stores and now offer the program in 1,365 stores across the country. Coupled with our Project Specialist Exteriors program, which is available at all U.S. home improvement stores, and our highly motivated team of account executive ProServices who continue to strengthen relationships with regional Pro customers, we have a strong outside selling force of more than 3,000 people who are able to meet customers on their terms either in their home or at their place of business. The execution of our strategic priorities alongside a favorable macroeconomic backdrop make this an exciting time for Lowe's. In fact, the forecast for key drivers of the home improvement industry remain conducive for growth at least through 2017. Steady job and income gains coupled with persistent home price appreciation and strengthening homebuying should keep home improvement growth buoyant. We continue to be pleased with the results of our quarterly consumer sentiment surveys. Most encouraging this quarter is that the desire to invest in the home continues to grow as survey respondents are indicating that growth in their home improvement spending is outpacing increases in their overall spending. In fact, the number of homeowners indicating that their home improvement spending increased has almost doubled since 2012, boosted by the persisting recovery in home prices. This trend underscores the opportunity we have to address the needs of 75 million homeowners across the country who are increasingly willing to engage in home improvement projects in addition to the 5 million who relocate or move into a new home each year. Before I close, I'd like to express my appreciation for our employees' purposeful commitment to serving customers. In particular, I'd like to thank those Lowe's team members who worked diligently to assist our neighbors that were impacted by the historic flooding in South Carolina. In addition to working round the clock to ensure our stores in the affected communities were able to provide products needed for storm recovery efforts, many of our employees also pledged their time to help individuals in need.  Thanks again for your interest. And with that, let me turn the call over to Rick. 
Robert Niblock: And Simeon, this is Robert. Just as we indicated throughout the year, this year, as we've had our quarterly earnings releases, we give guidance for the year with the flow-through, but there can always be choppiness quarter-to-quarter just like you've seen this year. But on an annual basis, it's basically what Bob has told you from a guidance standpoint. 
Robert Niblock: If you look at -- once again, this is -- Simeon, as we survey our customers and what they tell us were their intentions with respect to spending, and we look at -- overall, their level of spending is not increasing, but the amount that they're allocating to home improvement, they're indicating that they're spending more in home improvement than obviously how much of that winds up in our channels, which you have to look at. But it was a significant increase over what we had seen last year on the third quarter. And as you know, sentiment doesn't always turn into action, so it's a leading indicator. But we think that the -- you look at what's happening in the overall microenvironment and we look at what's happening with home prices, it once again speaks to the fact that consumers are reengaging in discretionary spending around the home. And so when we see them leaning that way, it gives us confidence in all the numbers that are built into our outlook for the remainder of this year and also as we lean into 2016, but we did see a nice pickup at what their intentions were. 
Robert Niblock: I'll start. This is Robert, and I'll let the other guys finish. Certainly, when we look at consumer's discretionary versus nondiscretionary spend, we're seeing that when you combine small and large discretionary spend, what they're telling us is that more than 50% of their spend is on a discretionary basis, which is tripped over from where it would have been prior year. So we're seeing it move above that 50% level. When you look at -- and we've talked about appliances being double-digit comps for the quarter, we've talked about some of the project spending and initiatives that we're putting behind that, whether that's Project Specialist Interiors, which is major interior remodels, or Project Specialist Exteriors, which is the exterior programs we do, fencing, siding, new windows, those type of things. Both of those had -- both of those programs had double-digit comps in the quarter. So appliances, PSI, PSE, all running double-digit comps in the quarter. So we are seeing that consumer take on that willingness to spend around the home on discretionary projects, driven by, as I said in my comments, the macro factors as well as continued comfort that comes from home price appreciation that they're seeing. 
Robert Niblock: It's a great question, Mike. When you think about it from where we had peaked our operating margins previously to where we're at today and trying to hone back in on that, we really are a totally different company. If you think about back in those days, it was single channel. We were on a rapid expansion of the store footprint, we think the store is still the nucleus of our relationship with the customer, but the store in and of itself is not enough. We really have to be there on an omni-channel basis for the customers. So that's why everything we've been investing in for the past few years is really to be able to deliver that omni-channel offering, so that we take those stores, we continue to build on those and leverage, and we -- the PSI, PSE programs that we just talked about, whether it's the improvements that we've made on dot-com, whether it's all the improvements that we've made with the Pro customer to really get us back to the fore, whether we can look at other opportunities to try and grow that top line. So certainly, we expect to continue to have gross margin -- I mean, operating margin improvement, continue to have nice flow-through that will drive our comp sales improvement like the guidance that we've given you, but we will continue to look at how are the other opportunities -- as the consumer changes, the way the consumer wants to interact with us changes, what are the other opportunities where we can do things that will continue to allow us to pursue opportunities for growth, particularly in a recovering market and the affinity that we're seeing with the consumer around investing in the homes. So whether it's stuff like LowesForPros.com that we invested in because we know that that was a key gap that we had there, whether it's rolling out the additional PSI programs like we added this quarter in the store, you'll see us looking at ways that we can continue to make sure that we're responding to where the customer wants to go and will -- whatever that ends up being, we'll end up evaluating that, but also use the base stores we have to continue to drive nice flow-throughs. 
Robert Niblock: I don't know -- I don't have the numbers back before the peak as to the exact numbers as to where it was at. That would be back in the 2000... 
Robert Niblock: 2009 is when we started the survey, Bob is saying. So we don't have numbers back before the decline. 
Robert Niblock: Hull So as you think about the mix of our business, it's 70% Pro and -- excuse me, 70% DIY, 30% Pro. However, the Pro ticket is larger than the DIY Pro. So the driver of the big ticket is probably going to be closer to 60-40 DIY to Pro. 
Robert Niblock: Thanks. And as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our fourth quarter results on Wednesday, February 24. Have a great day. 
Robert Hull: So Simeon, no. As we think about Q4, the drivers that came to fruition in Q3 should remain for Q4. Obviously, our outlook is 25 to 30 basis points of EBIT expansion per point of comp above 1%. In Q4 we do have tougher comparisons going up against a 7.3% comp for Q4 last year. So the EBIT expansion will be largely determined based on the comp growth in the quarter. But the factors that drove the 130 basis points in Q3 should remain going forward. 
Robert Hull: These are the same factors that we used to provide the 2007 (sic) [2017] outlook at the analyst conference last year. Obviously, the drivers of our business, income and housing, right? So as we think about more people working and starting to see some wage appreciation. Those are positive factors that had been on the housing front. Housing turnover continues to pick up, and we see ongoing home price appreciation. So all the macro factors that drive our industry continue to line up for sustained growth through 2017. 
Robert Hull: Matt, the second part of your question related to gross margin. We don't see any gross margin pressure. This is -- as Rick said, this is inventory purchased for anticipated sales in the quarter, nonperishable product. And the other item I would add is really no working capital impact as we've seen a corresponding increase in accounts payable. 
Robert Hull: No. That's really the same drivers, so we should see some, again, modest gross margin expansion. We all see leverage in credit and bonus, in advertising, in store payroll. So all the factors that drove Q3 should, again, drive operating margin expansion in Q4. 
Robert Hull: Sure. So it's a couple of things, Pete. So it's a matter of forecasting. Number one, we were at 2.17x into Q3, so not too far off. As we think about the fourth quarter, we've got a perspective on sales and profitability, perspective on working capital. It's just a matter of how close do we want to balance the borrowing at year end relative to our expectations. So we expect us to be somewhere in the 2.15 to 2.25x range at year end. 
Robert Hull: So Chris, in the quarter, weather has no net impact to the 3-month period. We did have favorable weather in the first part of the quarter, a little tougher weather toward the end of the quarter. Second, as you suggest, we did see a 2-year stack acceleration throughout the quarter. So we feel really good about our ability to deliver comp on comp. As we look to 4Q, we would expect further acceleration on interior basis into Q4. As it relates to November to date, we are in line with our expectations, and we're really excited about Q4. 
Robert Hull: So mix should have a negligible impact. As Rick noted, we're now into 4 straight quarters of double-digit appliance comps. So we've cycled some tougher compares although appliance has continued to perform well. So mix should be a little bit less pressured in Q4 and going forward for that matter. 
Robert Hull: So I'll start and let Mike jump in. So, Dave, we're doing some media mix modeling. So we're trying to understand impact of different mediums on different markets, and we're adjusting according. So ultimately, we're taking a look at the most effective yield, which is the sales dollar yielded for $1 of marketing spent. We have shifted some -- as Rick mentioned in his prepared comments, we've shifted some dollars away from print towards more digital assets. We are able to reach more folks on a very cost-effective way, which gets into the effectiveness of inefficiency of marketing. 
Robert Hull: So David, the Pro isn't an exact science. We have some direct measurements of them relative to managed accounts and credit vehicles. There's some imprecise measures. Currently, the Pro mix is about 30%. It's grown -- in the past 3 quarters, it's grown in line with the company average. The fourth quarter last year was a little bit faster, so that would suggest it's migrated from a little bit higher in that 30% range. 
Robert Hull: Yes, and I would add in addition to Robert's comments is if you take a look at tickets above $500, comps at 7.2%, so continue to see strong growth in the big-ticket categories. 
Robert Hull: So what we are seeing, though, is a greater proportion of customers telling us they're leaning into the big-ticket discretionary from smaller-ticket discretionary as you think about greater consumer sentiment and confidence around their personal job situation. There's home appreciation, they're starting to think about those bigger ticket discretionary projects. 
Robert Hull: I can say that the categories that you asked about did comp in the 3% to 4% range. As Mike said, they were positive, but they were below the company average based on the strength of the appliance and seasonal living businesses. 
Robert Hull: So the market-specific growth is based on the state of the economy and housing in those markets, so that the factors that drive the macro Lowe's business also drive each individual market, housing and incomes in those markets, some higher, some lower, depending on where they are in the housing cycle. 
Robert Hull: So we talked about the choppiness quarter-to-quarter and the flow-through. That's a variety of factors, performance relative to plan drives those accruals year-over-year, the nature of the credit program as we think about portfolio performance, loan loss reserves, that's driving some expense leverage second half of this year relative to first half. As I mentioned in my comments regarding building repairs and maintenance, our plan is more front half-loaded. Therefore we're getting leverage based on the timing of projects year-over-year. So there's just a variety of factors that contribute to movement year-over-year. I think that if I had to leave you with a punchline, you heard us talk about steps we're taking in payroll, in advertising, in direct spend that are sustainable will drive benefit through 2015 into 2016. 
Robert Hull: So for 2015, SG&A grows at roughly 46% of the rate of sales growth. I think something close to that 50% is probably the right way to think about it. 
Robert Hull: So Rick talked about customer satisfaction. We continue to see very strong customer sat results through our customer-focused program. As you think about close rates, we've done a lot of things to address all potential factors that might impact close rate, both the quality and quantity of labor, the depth of inventory, the local sorting. Rick mentioned wayfinding, which is the ability to navigate our stores. So a lot of good steps we've taken. As a result, we're seeing roughly a 100 basis point improvement in close rate this year relative to last year. 
Robert Hull: That's the expectation. So we've seen good sequential progress through the quarters. We saw sequential progress through the months of Q3. And as Robert talked about in his comments, good momentum as it relates to the consumer and drivers of our industry. And each day, our execution continues to improve. So we feel good about the ability to drive and achieve or exceed the outlook we put forth for the year. 
Rick Damron: Matt, I'll start. This is Rick. The 6.9% increase in the inventory reflects our preparation for our Q4 events coming up as well as being in stock on some critical items our customers deem to be most relevant. So the increase is really driven by timing associated with getting inventory in for our events for Q4. Looking forward, as we look into year-end inventory in Q4, we expect our inventories levels to be marginally higher, but this is being primarily driven by the timing of the Chinese New Year, which is roughly 11 days earlier this year than last, which pushes some order purchases earlier in the cycle for their seasonal build for 2016. But when you look at the number in totality, it's really driven by our preparation for Q4. 
Rick Damron: Peter, this is Rick. As we think about the Pro, we continue to leverage our account executive ProServices teams to meet with Pros on their job sites to really understand what their needs are and where they're moving. We continue to leverage our in-store teams and our account management processes to make sure that we're communicating effectively around the relevant products for the particular time of the year and the particular jobs that we're working on. And then from a mix perspective, most of our Pro marketing is really targeted messaging from a direct communication standpoint, targeted messaging through email or radio. So we'll continue to build upon what we've done over the last several quarters, leveraging both our field teams as well as our marketing programs to communicate effectively with the Pro. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Chris. This is Rick. As we continue to look at store labor, we've talked about the tools that we've deployed to help our store teams and our field teams manage our labor more to customer traffic. So we're continuing to see those tools play dividends for us as we continue to match our hours more to traffic. We continually focus on making sure that we're doing everything possible to increase our customer-facing roles. Most of that is through process improvement as well as the utilization of technology within the stores, making it simpler for our employees to engage with the customer and improving our processes that make it easier for them to interact, both with the customer as well as through the tasking process that we have within our stores. Chris, one of the things -- to give you an example of something that seems simple that can have a significant impact is we're now leveraging one of the tools that we used in our stores, which is the wayfinding app on our digital platforms. And now we incorporate that information on every product label for every item shipped from our distribution center. So when that package arrives, it will tell the employee the exact aisle and bay location that product stops. So as you imagine, tremendous efficiency for newer employees and try to manage and navigate our stores makes the whole process much more effective, much more efficient. We transferred several of our processes that were manual paper-driven processes to more technology-driven, leveraging the iPhones and the iPads that we've deployed into our stores to make them more efficient. So what you're seeing is an accumulation of better tools to drive greater payroll efficiency, the continued focus on making sure that we're leveraging customer employee hours to customer traffic and then the continued work to drive greater productivity through the tools that we provide our employees. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Dave, this is Rick. I'll just add when we look at the Pro, in general, we're very excited about what we're seeing from both a transaction point of view and a comp across all ticket ranges. So when you look at comps by ticket size and the way that we evaluate those, we're seeing positive growth across all tickets, which is telling us that we're getting some new accounts in, but we're also selling our existing accounts more. The other thing, through our Pro Appreciation events and what we're doing to really target Pros to the new brands, the increased inventory depth and our 5 ways to save value propositions we're doing, we saw a strong double-digit growth in new accounts during Q3 as well. So I think that also goes to support the fact that we're becoming more relevant, that the brands that we're introducing are having increased awareness with the Pro, and then the aspects of services that we're providing is beginning to resonate as well. 
Michael Jones: And just to build on that, you see us leverage some of our digital assets as well. So we talked quite extensively about LowesForPros.com. Gives us a [indiscernible] reach the Pros [indiscernible] some of our more creative online techniques to get the right promotion in front of the Pro at the right time. You see us -- as we continue to migrate more towards digital away from print, with Pros, you'll see us take a slightly different balance where we use some print to talk to them as well. I think the key is that what we've done is we've made a considered effort to make sure we have the right brands that Pros need. And now we're starting to reach out to those Pros much more efficiently and effectively, so we can get the right promotion along with those brands in front of the Pros. 
Michael Jones: This is Mike Jones. I'll start. We think the answer is yes. We think it's the Pros that we really have spending have more, and we know that there are Pros today that have -- that drive past us to go someplace else. And we know we can do a better job at bringing them into our stores. And so we started by ensuring that we have the right inventory depth, the right brands, the right local market assortment. And as that was corrected, we feel real comfortable about where we are. From there, we started to turn on our marketing so that we can start to invite those Pros back in. So we're excited about both the Pros we have and still a big part of our business, and we're excited about the Pros that historically have purchased someplace else that can now come in and try and experience at Lowe's. 
Michael Jones: And just to build on it, if you look at the way we've remixed our advertising and marketing spend, we're moving more towards digital, more towards social media, and less out of some of the more traditional one, advertising vehicles. I'll give you some numbers, the way to think about this. So just looking at social media. Lowe's followers on Facebook are over 3 million. Pinterest, just about 3.5 million followers. Lowe's video views, well over 70 million. So we see -- one of the easiest ways for us to track is just watch our activity in social media. Our digital footprint is very, very large, and we continue to increase it. So we're quite proud of the work that's happened there. 
Michael Jones: A couple actually. I'll pick on our tools, where we've really worked diligently to get the right brands. So we've added brands like IRWIN and LENOX. We've added Hitachi. We've added Goldblatt, as an example. You couple that with brands like DEWALT, Kobalt, Porter-Cable and Bosch. We saw a double-digit growth in pneumatics. We saw a very strong growth in cordless[ph] power tools and accessories and rotary tools. And we watched tools, in particular, because it's a good indicator of how well we're engaging the Pros. And this isn't just adding brands by happenstance. If you look at the way we've added brands around pneumatics, we've added Hitachi to complement our offering in Bostitch and Paslode. So we have the 3 best brands in pneumatics. If you want to buy pneumatic as a Pro, we feel that Lowe's is certainly the best place to come. And so we look at each category. We strategically say how to best serve the Pros. We build brands that complement one another. And from there, we increased our relevant engagement with the Pro. But we certainly saw it in tools, we see it across the stores as we continue to grow our Pro business. 
Michael Jones: This is Mike Jones. The categories were below average. But driven largely by the strength in appliances and seasonal living, we had a couple of categories like millwork and OPE that were up against significant comps well into the double-digit comps last year same time. So I think the Consumer Sentiment Survey is probably a better indicator. They're looking at the distribution of our above average and below average. I'd just encourage, keep in mind that all of our categories are positive with the exception of OPE, which was about flat. So, again, we're pretty encouraged by what we see both on the big ticket as well as on the transaction side of our business. 
Michael Jones: Sure, I can talk to that. The paint industry, in total, is below the average. And so our paint performance is about in line with the industry. I'd say we're not satisfied with that. We want our paint performance to be above the industry as are most of our other business units. That's how we've seen good momentum with HGTV HOME by Sherwin-Williams. We've got a great relationship with Valspar and with PPG with the Olympic brands. We've leaned pretty heavy into some promotions around paint as I'm sure you've seen. Our promotional cadence year-over-year is about the same, but we did redirect a little more towards paint, and we're pretty excited about our paint lineup. But that said, the industry is below the average, and we're running about average with the industry. 
