Larry Stone: Eric, this Larry Stone. Certainly a lot of our categories, lumber, building materials and so forth, got off to a slow start in the quarter. As the quarter progressed, you could see momentum starting to gather on some of those products. Also I mentioned our PSE, our Project Specialist Exteriors, really made an impact on our Millwork sales, so there again, those sales should continue to grow as we head into the second quarter. And a lot of the interior projects, carpet, cabinets and so forth as the economy continues to get better and consumers gain more confidence, so we think those will continue as well. Our seasonal categories should continue strong in second quarter: Demand for outdoor power equipments and seasonal products, nursery products and all of our grills and patio and so forth should continue. So really, we feel very confident as we head into the second quarter. And one other thing, we haven’t had that extreme heat yet that we normally start to experience. So categories like air conditioners and fans should also start to pick up as the weather gets hotter.
Larry Stone: Michael, we don't think so. I think the thing that really happened in the first quarter is kind of an anomaly, as Robert mentioned in his comments. The first quarter got off to a very slow start as Bob referenced in his comments also about the comps. So February started off extremely slow for us. As the weather started to improved in March, we had our plans laid out, but there again, a lot of promotional activity was starting to be going on in a lot of our markets. So naturally, we had to respond. And we don't think that we'll continue in the second quarter. It seems like things have got more stable as we got through that initial two or three weeks of just tremendously good weather in a lot of sales. And then things kind of equaled that out as we got into the April time zone. So I don't think so. I mean we think things’ll be more rational as we head into the second quarter and hopefully for the balance of the year. But here again, I think it all depends on how this economy continues to improve and consumers still continue to gain confidence. I mean that's the way we kind of see the market playing out, but there again, things could change dramatically and if so, that's why I put in my comments that we stand ready to make changes if needed.
Larry Stone: Certainly, in some states it did pull some demand forward, and in some of the states where we have relatively few stores we saw some fantastic comps, I mean numbers that are unheard of, but quite frankly was off a very low base. But if you look at some of our states where we have a lot of stores, been there a lot of years, we're still seeing good demand for appliances. It’s not like we brought everything into that quarter, and I think the thing that a big part of the appliance market that we've always done extremely well in is the replacement market. So somebody's refrigerator breaks unexpectedly or washer breaks or so forth; that business is still out there. So I think it brought forward some sales. We're not that naïve, but quite frankly, we think that business is still probably strong for us. It's been a category that we remain strong in throughout the downturn and certainly with the new products and new innovations and so forth that we expect to be one of the industry leaders. And we still have seven states that will launch this month: four in June and one in July. So there's 12 more states that will launch their programs during this quarter.
Larry Stone: David, this is Larry Stone. Yes, we should. I mean appliances, one of the things that’s really helped us in appliance sales over all the time we carried appliances and having appliances in stock, as the Cash for Appliances started to unfold, quite frankly, the demand was outstripping our in-stock position. So we’ve worked with our vendors and did make these opportunistic buys of products that Roberts want are not going to go bad, these are products that we'll be selling as the year progresses, but we felt like to have the product in stock for the customers was worth an inventory investment.  Also in categories like lawn and landscape and paint, once again, we felt like, based on the trends we were seeing in the business, that these were good solid investments for us. So the products that we purchased during the first quarter were products that the business is pretty stable throughout the whole year. So it's not a lot of seasonal products like we were going out buying a ton of grills and patio. I can understand concern, but quite frankly, products we bought were products that we know we can sell through without a lot of markdown or hopefully no markdown.
Larry Stone: And also plywood, Dan, has had quite a run-up in plywood products. So there again, if you look at as we start in the second quarter and the third quarter, there's a lot of comments out there about weather and the storms and so forth. So there again, we’re keeping our eye on that as well. So we just feel like that things, hopefully, will start to level off and especially in lumber and plywood products as we head into the end of the second quarter and get back into the fall of the year.
Larry Stone: I think Robert’s comments, and we’re starting to see people finally starting to move up on some of these products and let's say a lot of pressure in lumber, plywood, and really copper cable are three of the ones that gave us some margin pressures in the first quarter. So we're starting to see retailers move more pro-actively now versus for the middle part of the quarter people are kind of stuck on the price they bought it at versus replacement cost. And replacement cost jumped quite a bit as the quarter progressed. So we feel like that there's opportunity to move prices up to recapture some of those costs that are embedded into the product now with the replacement cost being much higher than they were at the start of the quarter.
Larry Stone: Peter, it’s Larry Stone. As I stated in my comments, we have positive comps in the Western division for the first time since 2005. Certainly, all the parts of the West are doing much better than we were doing previously, and I’ve been out there a couple times in the past quarter, and you can just see it, the traffic in the stores and just anecdotally talking to customers and talking to our store teams and so forth, things seem to be getting better now. We know we're not out of the woods yet in those states, but certainly, the improving trends are much better. The balance in the steps so to speak of the customers and the employees are very encouraging. And there again, we've got all of our programs in place out there in terms of our Project Specialist Exteriors, our de-cash [ph] positions on their commercial account specialists. So we feel real good about the West Coast and how it's performing, but that's one great quarter. So we hope this trend will continue and certainly as we grow throughout the year and things continue to improve, those continue to get better on the West Coast.
Larry Stone: Dave, this is Larry Stone. I’ll start on that one. Certainly, it’s not more competition. It's just the competitors that we still have left that seem to be trading dollars on product versus trying to get in line with replacement cost. That's been an age-old problem selling lumber. A lot of folks buy it at one price and sell it at one price and don't think about replacement cost. But the major retailers that we compete with on lumber products – it just seems like they've been holding their prices on some of the products that traditionally this time of year, there are certain products that go up in terms of retail, and this first quarter, they were just held down and quite frankly, we've got to match the competition in these areas. But as far as new competitors, we're not seeing a lot of competitors in the lumber build and drill [ph] business. It's more the same folks we compete with day in, day out.
Larry Stone: Chris, this is Larry Stone. A lot of the big-ticket items, and certainly if you look at our seasonal products, outdoor power equipment had a real strong quarter as I mentioned double-digit comps, and certainly that’s as a big ticket item. Our patio and grills, which are also considered big-ticket items that are real strong first quarter as well. So you would expect those to carry over into the second quarter as these products are really sold during the first and second quarter, our two best quarters for those particular products. So we think that will continue.  Kitchen cabinets, as Bob mentioned, were down slightly for the quarter, but there again, as consumers gain more confidence, we expect kitchen cabinet sales to get better over time. Flooring was strong in the first quarter. There again, a large-ticket purchase, and millwork was extremely strong in the quarter with the average ticket in that being pretty high. So we think there's a lot of different big-ticket categories that are doing quite well for us and should continue as we head into the second quarter and, hopefully, the balance of the year.
Larry Stone: Thanks as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our second quarter results on August 16. Have a great day.
Robert Hull: Sure, Eric. I think from a sales perspective as we highlighted in Q1, we had some specific drivers that helped first quarter as you noted in your initial question won't continue. As Larry described, there’s probably other factors that help drive sales in Q2 and beyond, but we're still somewhat cautious regarding the state of the consumer and the economy as a whole. So we're somewhat cautious as we think about our outlook for the balance of the year.
Robert Hull: We still expect gross margin to be up for the year. Certainly, the mix impact related to appliance was huge in Q1. We do expect that, that’s going to lessen as the year progresses. So we do expect margin to be up slightly for the year.
Robert Hull: It’ll be a combination of better rate. It’ll be a combination of the things we've talked about in the past, which is global sourcing, marked on optimization. And we’ve also talked about in the past some expansion of patch areas that should help us with being competitive from a retail price perspective.
Robert Hull: Sure. As I mentioned in my comments, a lot of it really was just due to timing of purchases in the quarter. The increase in purchases, a lot of that came in April. So as we progress throughout the year, the AP leverage, AP as a divided inventory, will be up slightly for the year but not to the extent it was up in Q1.
Robert Hull: New store productivity in the first quarter was about 72%. So I would say that's a fair idea that we’d like to have be closer to 80%, but anything about 70% is decent performance.
Robert Hull: Pete, that starts in third quarter. I think the final regulations would become effective August 22. So we see that impact largely spread throughout third and fourth quarter.
Robert Niblock: Sure, Colin. Appliances certainly was strong for us in Q1. However, other bigger-ticket categories were off a little bit, specifically, cabinets. We talked about improving trends in fourth quarter, however, cabinets was down slightly, a slight negative comp in the first quarter. So that had a big contribution to the ticket decline as well as the lumber category. Lumber category was a lower mix of total sales to Q1, so that has an influence on ticket as well.
Robert Niblock: Tom, this is Robert. Also, as Larry mentioned in his comments, we're in real good shape on our seasonal sell-through, the way the season has started out, the way those inventory levels over, so that really takes a lot of pressure off markdowns on those seasonal categories as we move through the season and towards closing those out as we get through the second quarter on even the third. So we feel good about where we're at. We feel good about where those inventory dollars are invested.  As I think Larry said in his comments, having gone through what the nation’s gone through in the past three years, a lot of capacity was taking out from a production standpoint. So where we saw opportunities, particularly in the appliance and some other areas, we did some advance buys because we thought we wanted to make sure we had the inventory to be able to garner our share of sales opportunities and stuff like these stimulus programs that are out there from the government.  It's worked well so far, and as Larry said, we don't have as many of those in the second quarter but, certainly, some more states kicking off. And then we see extra 60 days to close on those homes that weren’t under contract by the end of April. And a lot of time when someone buys a home, that's obviously one of things they have to have is appliances with that. So we think we're in good shape. We think we have the inventory in the right place. We think we’ve minimized the markdowns, so all of that helps obviously with the gross margin trend heading in the second quarter and also the balance of the year.
Robert Niblock: David, this is Robert, just a follow-up, our margin’s always are obviously working on terms within it, but there's no significant change in terms across the board or anything like that, that we've executed with our vendors. So as Bob said, it's more driven just by the timing of purchases, where they occurred late in the quarter as demand ramps for things like appliances.
Robert Niblock: Dan, on your issue with some inflation, yes, obviously lumber and some other commodities, we've seen some inflation in, some in rough electrical when you think about the copper wiring, those categories. I think compared to other cycles, as Larry mentioned in his comments, retails have moved up a little slower than what they have in the past, but they're starting to move up compared to what we've seen on the cost side, so that had a little bit of an impact as Larry mentioned on margin rate during the quarter. We are seeing those retails starting to move up. It's only for the fact that it's just been slightly slower than what we saw in prior cycles as we've seen our commodity prices move up. But we expect to see this continue to move up. As you get the economy starting to pick back up, there’s probably going to be pressure where our supply has been taken out of the market, so you’re probably going to see some inflation in those categories. Certainly in the second quarter, we expect that based on where lumber prices and where stuff like copper wire prices are at, are impacting rough electrical category so.
Robert Niblock: Matt, it's Bob's I'll take the first part. So new-store productivity is assumed to be roughly 100% for the year. There's some nuances of the calculation. As we’ve talked about in the past, we've got a very healthy 2010 new opening schedule, added-sales-per-store roughly $33 million versus the $28 million average we saw per store in 2009. The other impact is when the stores open within each quarter, which has some nuance to the calculation, itself. So we do expect good new store productivity in 2010. I think it’s just some of the nuances of the calculation that gets us to a new-store productivity mathematically calculated to be about 100%.
Robert Niblock: Matt, it's Robert. In the estimates as to how much is already behind us, that one’s a little bit harder to estimate. Most of the largest states have come through with their programs. As Larry said, there's about 11 or 12 more that are kicking off. One of them out there that’s had a fairly big program was California, but the way they executed it initially was it only applied to very high-end appliances, very high-average tickets. So they didn't get a very big response. So one of the big unknowns is, do they come back with their remaining funds and execute it at a level that is more mainstream and drives more of a take-rate for the residents of the state there. So roughly, I'd say we're probably maybe 75% or so of the way through the programs out there, depending on what California does that could tick up a little bit more opportunity later in the year if they choose to do something there.
Robert Niblock: I think it'll still have an impact on Q2, but we think the impact on the first quarter is bigger than what the impact will be on the second quarter.
Robert Niblock: I think, Dave, we start talking about in the lumber and building materials area and those competitors start to come back in, and there’s a lot of consolidation that took place, high-end industries, they were trying to rationalize and based on the pullback on the sales rationalize their overhead, those type of things, you wouldn’t expect to see them really coming back. You really have new home construction heating up in a big way. And so when you think about still the overhang we have in existing home sales, the pressure’s going to be coming from the foreclosures that need to move through the pipeline like we talked about earlier. I think we're well into the recovery and new-home construction before you really start seeing an expansion in the kind of the traditional lumber and building material yards.
Robert Niblock: Chris, this is Robert. Obviously, as we said one of the big drivers in the first quarter was the Cash for Appliances program. We think that'll continue into Q2 but not as heavily as in Q1. Also, Q1 had the impact of a lot of repair being done coming out of a harsh winter with the damage that was done to people's homes and landscaping and those type of things. So a lot of that activity would have took place as Larry spoke of as soon as the weather broke in the quarter. Some of that obviously will carry over into the second quarter, probably a little bit more of a favorable impact on that in the first quarter.  You can actually think about taking the impact of some of that out. You're still looking for a nice improvement in comps going into the second quarter and just part of a gradual improvement that we've talked about. So we're still very optimistic. We're only into the beginning of the quarter. We're pleased with the way the quarter has started. But as we said, there's still -- this is kind of a year of transition. We're transitioning from prior three years when we had negative comps to a year where we're looking for positive comps, but there’s still not significant growth out there in the industry that's going to take place until we get employment really moving back in the right direction. We'll get home prices to bottom, which is probably more of a 2011 phenomenon, even though it gradually gets better.  So there's still challenges out there in the economy. So we try and look at it as we're being cautiously optimistic. We're very pleased with the signs we saw and the results we got in the first quarter. We're sitting back and knowing that some of those were certainly aided by the stimulus program and the response to the harsh winter. We think that as the consumers gradually are feeling better and we're seeing them start to take on more discretionary-type projects, that carries over into the second quarter. But we're cautiously optimistic. But at this point in the quarter, we don't want to get ahead of ourselves.
