Robert Niblock: Good morning, and thanks for your interest in Lowe's. Comparable sales grew 7.3% in the first quarter, exceeding our expectations, driven by comp transaction growth of 5.1% and a 2.2% increase in average ticket. I'd like to thank our employees for their continued efforts in serving customers, which enabled our strong transaction growth. The team's project expertise and commitment to customer service allowed us to capitalize on the strong home improvement demand in the quarter. Healthy macro fundamentals, favorable weather and our compelling offers drove demand, resulting in strength in indoor as well as outdoor projects. In fact, we recorded positive comps in all 13 product categories, with particular strength in lumber and building materials, millwork, paint, lawn and garden and tools and hardware. Our emphasis on providing better omni-channel experiences positioned us well, enabling us to connect with customers and provide the advice and assistance they count on when completing their home improvement projects, whether they choose to connect in the store, online, in their home or through our contact centers. We're also pleased with the investments we've made to build deeper relationships with the Pro, as our Pro business performed well above the company average. The work we've done to enhance our product and service offering is allowing us to better serve this important customer segment, and we will continue to deepen those relationships.  From a geographic perspective, our U.S. Home Improvement business achieved 7.5% comps for the quarter, with all 14 regions delivering positive comps, and we continued our strong performance in international markets, including double-digit comps in Canada in local currency. For the quarter, we generated 170 basis points of operating margin expansion. Included in the quarter's results is a $160 million unrealized gain on a foreign currency hedge entered into in advance of our pending RONA acquisition. Including this benefit, we delivered earnings per share of $0.98, a 40% increase over last year's first quarter. Delivering on our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, in the quarter, we repurchased $1.2 billion of stock under our share repurchase program and paid $255 million in dividends.  I'm also pleased with the progress of our previously announced acquisition of RONA. The transaction was approved by RONA's common shareholders in March. And last week, we received authorization from the Canadian regulatory agencies clearing the way for closing on the transaction this Friday. The time is right to fortify our Canadian market presence to take advantage of the significant long-term potential we see. We expect to build on the recent progress our team in Canada has made and the positive results RONA has achieved over recent years as a result of their restructuring efforts.  Turning to the economic landscape for the balance of the year. The outlook for the home improvement industry remains positive. Persistent gains in the job market as well as disposable income growth is expected to outpace growth in the economy, should contribute to solid growth in consumer spending, and housing remains a bright spot with home sales and construction activity posting healthy gains to start the year, while home prices continue their steady upward trend. As a result, the home improvement industry should continue to benefit from the solid consumer housing backdrop even as the benefit of favorable weather at the start of the year normalizes. And as we survey the consumer, we're seeing similar things. Our most recent consumer sentiment survey revealed that favorable views around personal finances and home improvement spending are holding steady. Rising home prices are motivating homeowners to invest in their homes. Admittedly, that this trend will continue, as the survey reveal a significant increase in future home value expectations. Likewise, we continue to see home improvement spending outpace overall spending as well as positive home improvement project intentions. We will continue to focus on improving our product and service offering for the Pro customer and differentiate ourselves through better omni-channel customer experiences that make us the project authority in order to leverage the favorable home improvement backdrop. Our strategic framework, along with efforts to improve our productivity and profitability, give us confidence in our business outlook for 2016. Thanks again for your interest. And with that, let me turn the call over to Rick. 
Robert Niblock: Greg, this is Robert. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Bob. I think just as we've done the past few years, generally coming out of the first quarter, we've not changed our guidance for the year. So we're following a cadence very similar to what we've done in the past. We think it's too early in the year to be changing our guidance. I think this is very consistent with what you've seen the past few years, whether we've started off with a robust, hot first quarter or first quarter that was, let's say, weather challenges we had a couple years ago. But Bob, if you'd like to... 
Robert Niblock: Chris, this is Robert. As I outlined in my comments, as we've seen the consumers, we look through our consumer sentiment survey, what their intentions are around spending, what their intentions are around investing in the home, as we're seeing continual improvement in the job market, we're seeing continuing improvement in wages. We're seeing continued improvement in home values is driving continued improvements in their intentions for discretionary spending, which I think the best evidence of that is in the top 1% increase that we saw in top transactions during the quarter. And nothing that we've seen in our segment surveys has led us to believe that the consumer, when we ask them how do you feel 6 months out with regard to purchases, nothing shows any change in their intentions as we survey them today. So that, I think, is why as Bob took you through strong first quarter, we are aware of what others are saying out there with regard to the consumer. But when we take our strong first quarter performance and what we're hearing from the consumer home survey, gives us confidence in reiterating our guidance for the year that Bob has taken you through. 
Robert Niblock: Sure. As we stated earlier, we have been very pleased with the receptivity from the consumer and the Pro customer regarding LowesForPros. We continue to see strong growth quarter-over-quarter as customers come aware of the site. When we look at Q1, we saw significant growth in new registered Pros on the site as well as conversion in growth as a percent of total dot-com business. So we feel great about what we're seeing. We continue to improve the functionality of the site through feedback from our customers and our sales teams to make it more conducive and easier for the customers to navigate. The other thing I would say as we continue to look at the site is to keep in mind the functionalities that it did provide that we did not have the capabilities of before. So the Pros, for example, we're not capable of using their in-house credit. They can now. Pros did not receive their 5% val prop usage on prior lowes.com, they can today. Tax-exempt accounts weren't available to them prior usage, but they are today. So all of those things are resonating extremely well, and we continue to work on making the site more effective, more efficient. But to date, we've been extremely pleased with what we've seen both from a risk reducer content as well as sales performance. 
Robert Niblock: Thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our second quarter results on Wednesday, August 17. Have a great day. 
Robert Hull: Scot, so we estimate that weather impacted Q1 performance by roughly 150 basis points. As I mentioned in my comments, that impact was more pronounced first part of the quarter. I don't have the 150 basis points dissected by month at this time. 
Robert Hull: Scot, the 3 factors that we mentioned, the mix of products sold, the recent activity target promotions, each had roughly 15 basis points impact. 
Robert Hull: As I mentioned in my comments, Simeon, we think about spring is more the first half event. We don't spend a lot of time trying to dissect what might have sloshed between quarters. So certainly, the mild winter weather enabled exterior projects. We saw that show up in some of the categories that Rick mentioned did outperform, but the ultimate impact will be determined at the completion of the second quarter when we review our spring results. 
Robert Hull: So what I would say is the lion's share of the mix impact related to lumber and building materials. So if the demand for those categories remain strong, we could have additional mix pressure in the second -- or the remainder of the year. However, we would also generate additional sales from that demand. In addition, the other 2 items, the targeted promotions and the reset activity are largely Q1 events, and we don't expect a lot of residual impact beyond Q1 for those items. 
Robert Hull: Yes, a couple things, I'll redirect my comments. First, we felt good about April, April was on plan. Second, we hope to sustain a momentum that we're seeing. So Rick started about our plans to remain confident in our ability to execute. There's nothing to suggest that we're not able to execute the guidance we look for. 
Robert Hull: As we talk about the guide annually, we feel good about the opportunity to deliver our results. We're not going to get into the short-term nuances of this quarter versus that quarter, but we are confident in our ability to execute. 
Robert Hull: So the gross margin came in a little bit below our plan for a couple reasons. First, as Rick talked about, we had greater take rate in the targeted promotion, so we had an estimate of the impact. The customers' activity was stronger than we anticipated, which is certainly a good thing and kudos to the team for identifying the items that resonate with customers. Second, we expected the impact from the reset to be able to more balance Q1 and Q2. We had good sell-through on the recent activity, therefore the impact was more pronounced in the first quarter. As I mentioned, that kind of clears the deck Q2 going forward. And then lastly, the mix pressure was little higher than we anticipated based on the strong demand in lumber and building materials. As it relates to the flow-through, so the lower-than-anticipated flow-through is almost entirely attributable to the declining gross margin versus plan again based on the factors I just described. 
Robert Hull: No. There was a subtle nuance within credit as it relates to our partner and they made a change that impacted us last year regarding the loan loss reserve. The trailing impact of that hit Q1, that was modest pressure in Q1 that's largely done, so that's a pressure in Q1 that we won't see Q2 going forward, but not otherwise, Chris, nothing out of the norm. 
Robert Hull: So as Mike said, one of the key areas that was a focus in Q1 was lawn and garden and some of the higher take rate, higher effective promotions were around that category. Those are not things we expect to repeat in the second quarter or beyond for that matter regarding lawn and garden, which allows us to be comfortable that the impact is largely contained in the first quarter. 
Robert Hull: It did, Matt. As we think about Easter impacted it -- with the change, Easter would have impacted March. March would have been 9.7%, April would have been 3.4%. 
Robert Hull: So Seth, those items continue to be in play. We did see some modest spending for both of those items in the quarter, but they were offset by the 3 negative factors that were mentioned. 
Robert Hull: Certainly had some impact, Michael, as lawn and garden is one of the best-performing categories. So it was certainly a driver of the quarter. But as the team described, there's many actions impacting the Pro, impacting the paint category, impacting a variety of things that help drive the totality of the performance in the quarter. 
Robert Hull: So I would say, Michael, we think there's potential upside on the sales line. Again, we feel good about momentum we saw in Q1. We hope to sustain the momentum. However, we feel it's way too early to start thinking about changing outlook for the year. So we do think there's some upside in the comp line. We talked about some gross margin pressure in the first quarter that won't continue. So we certainly take that into account. However, we do feel even better than we did 90 days ago about our ability to continue to drive expense productivity and leverage, which gives us confidence in the outlook to the extent sales are better. And so that's driven by lumber and building materials categories that flow-through might be closer to 25 basis points. But again, it's too early to start changing pieces of the outlook. 
Robert Hull: So two things. One, it ties back to a previous answer and then secondly, long-term gross margin performance. So as I mentioned earlier, we do have tools to allow us to evaluate the effectiveness of promotions. As we think about promotions, some are to drive -- specifically to drive sales, some are specific to grow the basket and some are just general awareness around the brand and the categories we carry. So we continue to turn knobs and pull levers to maximize the effectiveness there. Taking a step back, Eric, as we think about gross margin, we do expect some modest gross margin improvement annually. As we think about gross margin, it's probably not going to be 2017 to actually eclipse the gross margin rate we had in 2010. So it's not like we're forging new ground and looking for gross margin peaks that have never occurred before. So roughly over that year period, it is called flattish gross margin over a long period of time. 
Robert Hull: Two things regarding weather. So I mentioned 150 basis point impact in the quarter. If we exclude the weather, we would still meet our sales plan. So the underlying demand for our category is from the macro fundamentals that drive our business housing and incomes continue to be constructive beyond that. No other nuance is impacting the quarterly -- excuse me, the monthly cadence. 
Robert Hull: Sure. I'll give you some high-level perspective. For the year, we continue to think indirect spend is going to pay dividends for us. That's in the 50 or so basis point range, bonuses is 10. Like to talk about the analysis around promotions. We continue to do the same thing regarding resets and things of that nature. We think we'll get about 10 basis points of leverage on that spend this year. Risk insurance is going to be less of a drag. It's about 5 basis points. Employee insurance, also less of a drag. Advertising, about 5 basis points. And couple kind of indirect logistics cost leverage, 10 or so basis points, and the impact of the 53rd week gives us about 5 basis points. So a lot of good items to drive expense leverage for 2016. 
Michael Jones: I can take that. First, let me just talk about where we focused our promotions and a little bit about how we went about it first quarter. We are more focused on lawn and garden seasonal living, tools and hardware, major appliances and interior projects, because we thought those would be the types of products and projects the consumers' mindset will be geared towards. So we leveraged our sales and operation planning process. And what's important about this process is it allows us to have a better sense on the micro seasons that apply to the consumers' mindset, so that we hit the consumer with the right promotion at the right time. We're much faster in being able to flex our promotions in our digital assets because it's one of the investments that we made in our digital capabilities and what we saw was a higher take rate. And as Bob said earlier, that's certainly a good thing. Our flexible supply chain allows us to make adjustments to where the consumer is making purchases and ensure that we don't disappoint them by not having product. But I wouldn't say that the intensity and depth of promotion was greater. What I would say is that our execution around promotions continues to get better. So we're doing a much better job of getting the right promotions in front of the customer at the right time, leveraging our digital capabilities as well as some of the process that we put in place. 
Michael Jones: A couple of things. I'd say for the most part, where you see simple replace items, they tend to do better online, like appliances as an example. But one of the differences in our strategy is that we help customers pull together projects and that tends to lend itself more towards omni as the best tool to serve those customers' needs. But our encouraging of online is automated by the fact that we tend to be more project-oriented than simple replace, thus we talk about being the project authority and not talk to just product. 
Michael Jones: We think spring is still to come in the Northeast, certainly, so we think there is still some lawn and garden business to go get. But I do want to just say one thing, if you think about our business, we had some strong promotions in lawn and garden. The rest of our business continues to do extremely well. So if you look at paint, as an example, where we had really high comps above the company average. Applicators, exterior stains, exterior paint, spray paint, caulk, interior stains, all double-digit. So we feel good about some of the spring that's ahead of us. We think that's going to drive our lawn and garden business. We feel even better about some of our big initiatives that are also driving our business. 
Rick Damron: So Michael, we've got tools that allow us to understand the effect of promotions and price elasticity of items. That's the magic is to have the right level of promotions that resident customers -- not too much because too much promotion creates some leakage in the system and less than ideal flow-through. So we do have some tools in place to allow us to evaluate the effectiveness of the promotion of drawing customers in, try to get the sense of the close rate, as well as elasticity of the item. So we are continuing to turn knobs and pull levers to maximize the effectiveness there. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Matt, lowes.com and e-commerce grew 23.5% for the quarter, and we saw strong growth in traffic as well as conversion to the sites. We feel good about the investments that we've made over the past year and really beginning to drive increased shopability of the site. I think the key aspects there is when we go back and we talk about the things we've done to the site to really make it more customer friendly, like I said in my comments, the enhanced video content that we are adding to the site, the improved product descriptions, as well as increased content there is also resonating well with the customer. So those aspects have, I think, continued to help us drive incremental growth from the dot-com platform. LowesForPros, from an e-commerce perspective, is performing extremely well, as we said, exceeding our expectations, and we're extremely pleased with what we were hearing and the feedback we're getting from consumers as well as our AEPs in the field about the usability of the site. The functions of the site enables to make the ability for the Pro to shop much more easily with us. So we're really proud of those 2 things as we continue to move forward. We had not seen a shift in the mix of business regarding the in-store pickup. We still see that as roughly 60% of all e-commerce transactions that have picked up. That's even heavier as it relates to LowesForPros delivery. Still continues to grow as a proponent of that and parcel is about 30% of our dot-com sales. 
Rick Damron: No. We don't think there is anything else to read into it. If you look at our appliance business, it's outperformed for the last 5 quarters, it's cycling over a double-digit comp. The 2-year stack is well above the company average. We continue to have one of the best assortments with all of the national brands. We continue to take advantage of next-day delivery, haul away, in-house consultation, repairs and maintenance. We're really proud of the fact that we control the last 3 feet of the appliance experience. We don't outsource that. J.D. Power's just recognized us as the best in appliance retail satisfaction. The investment that we made in floor space gives us one of the largest floor space in the industry and the reason why we think that's important is that if you consider our floorspace in appliances coupled with our floorspace in cabinets, it positions us well to take advantage of the cycle in '16 as it plays through. The last thing I'd say is that in kitchens in particular, if you look at the high-ticket items in kitchen, things like cabinets and countertops, we saw strength there. So that's a test to us that the cycle is still well intact. 
Rick Damron: Sure. The aspect of the supply chain has been a significant advantage for us for years, as we talk about how we build out supply chain and the avenues that we have. I think as we look at the omni-channel environment over the last several years, we've enabled several new functions to the supply chain to allow us to continue to meet that demand, flexible fulfillment, which allows us to shift from a store group as well as our RDC. So we're able to meet 94% of our customer demand with next-day shipping rates by utilizing that flexibility within the system. We continue to maximize the productivity of the supply chain through new initiatives, such as project rhythm, which we work with vendors in smoothing out orders and order flow to make sure that we are as effective as possible. We continue to drive labor efficiency in the supply chain through utilization of Lean Six Sigma practices and processes and making sure that we are able to get the effective use of tubing out to trailers and the trucks to move forward. Fleet and fuel costs continues to be an advantage in the tailwind currently. So we continue to see those avenues play-in significant dividends for us over the next several months, and quite frankly, the next couple of years. As we look into the construction of possibly the Internet Fulfillment Center, or DFC, Direct-to-Customer Fulfillment Center, which we have currently plans underway and being built out for -- by forecasted opening in the 2018 time horizon. 
Rick Damron: Yes and I would like to add to that. As we continue to look at overall traffic, as I said earlier, we have been extremely pleased with receptivity to new functionality of the site from the consumer. And I think that's representative in the results over the last couple of quarters as well as the investments that we're making to make content more effective for the customers from a aggregation of data perspective as well as product information. As such, we've been extremely pleased with the sales from the site. The visits to the site have continued to grow as well as improvements in conversion and average ticket. So as Mike talked about, we continue to see those core fundamental categories continue to do well, the single product categories, particularly in appliances and those categories. And again, I think it's important to highlight that the store still plays a critical role in the omni-channel world where our customers are choosing to either pick up or have delivered 70% of all of our transactions from lowes.com, from the store, with 30% still be in parcel. So we feel good with where we are. We feel good with the traction we're making and making the site much more effective and user-friendly. 
