Rick Damron: Sure, Pete. This is Rick. We are primarily focused on adding the incremental labor to the weekend time frames as well as high-traffic area time lines during the week. The effort is to continue to retain our seasonal labor from our spring hires as those still have significant knowledge. And we're simply retaining those whereas historically, we would be moving down from a stack and labor standpoint into the fall from the peak of summer. 
Rick Damron: Yes. Alan, I would say that we're making investments, as Robert said, to capitalize on the traffic growth and better leverage the long-term benefits of the model that we have in place. The reality is our omnichannel environment today requires us to continually evaluate how we're meeting the needs of our customers, and that will continually drive change both in how we meet those needs. It requires us to be perpetually learning, training, ideating and getting better every single day, and I think those changes are beginning to pay off, and it shows in our June and July performance. Our teams remain extremely focused on serving the customer. Their dedication to serving the customer is second to none, and I'm extremely proud of what they've done and how they've led through that change throughout the year. And we'll continue to make sure that we support them with the resources and the training and the tools they need to be able to meet the needs of our customers every day in this environment. 
Rick Damron: Yes, I'm glad to. As we look, and we talked about the increased traffic that our marketing efforts were driving into the stores, we saw an opportunity to continue to improve our conversion. Conversion is something that, quite frankly, we always want more of. No matter where we are, we always want more. And we're working -- our store operators are working essentially in making sure that our people in the stores and our associates in the store, that the times are there, the customers are there, that we're merchandise (sic) [ merchandising ] correctly and that we're executing the fundamental basics of the business inside the box. I'm extremely pleased with the progress they're making and the efforts they're taking. And we see that as an opportunity, thus the investment in labor into the back half of the year, to ensure that we continue to make sure that we meet the needs of the customers when they come in. So we feel good with where we are. We still know there's opportunity for us to continue to get better, and we're making the investments necessary for us to be able to do that with the teams. 
Rick Damron: We're looking at it from a perspective of analyzing the data as we look at our marketing plans as we move into the second half of the year. We're investing in those hours against those categories where we're putting the additional weight from the marketing investments that we're making. So it will be more -- most of it will be spent into those categories. 
Marshall Croom: Yes, Peter, this is Marshall. We are maintaining our targets that we previously communicated back in December. Obviously, this year won't hit those targets, but productivity is still alive and well, and it's actually helping us offset the incremental investments we're making this year. And we know we've got more runway to go as we move forward. So the investments we're making from staffing, again we're leaning into it to take advantage of the increased traffic, leaning into optimize promotions and knowing that we've got opportunities to utilize price optimization tools, continuing evaluate improvement efforts and continuing to evaluate promotional effectiveness. And so longer term, we've got other productivity measures for optimizing labor, leveraging fixed costs, reducing indirect spend, lower depreciation and enhancing profitability in Canada. 
Marshall Croom: Again, just recognizing that those were 3-year targets, so it won't be all accomplished in 2017. So it'll be baked into the productivity opportunities we have moving forward, again leveraging the traffic driver with marketing optimization, again focusing on optimizing labor. As we move forward, that will continue to be an ongoing discipline. So even with the reinvestment in back half of the year, we'll still leverage payroll in 2017. And again, excited about the other opportunities we have from a productivity standpoint to drive towards that 11.2% EBIT growth, that target that we set. So -- and obviously, very excited with what we have in the Pro space with the Maintenance Supply Headquarters and opportunity to grow and expand that footprint and leverage back into our existing store base. 
Marshall Croom: Yes. As we updated in our guidance, we're expecting about 10 more basis points of incremental gross margin pressure, driven by some of the actions that we're taking, leaning into the amped up -- amplified marketing that we are doing that's helping drive the traffic. So that's putting pressure on the gross margin line for the year. So it actually went from about 20 basis points of drag to about 30 basis points as you think about that from the year standpoint. 
Marshall Croom: Yes. Well, we leveraged retail operating hours and did have the incremental advertising spend. And there were a couple of other items I alluded to, some of the pressure we'll see in the back half with casualty claims, worker's comp claims and costs there. We saw a little bit of that in the second quarter. And also, sort of being competitive in the marketplace from a client standpoint, a little pressure on delivery and fleet. But the bigger drivers are -- in the back half are leaning into the marketing message, reinvest in that and to try to capture more of the sales that we're seeing coming through to offset some of those back-half pressures. 
Marshall Croom: So we came in with a plan, I think, with roughly 35 stores. We since have went through and scrubbed and evaluated certain locations, and some of them we decided not to open at this time or we'll defer until a later point in time. 
Marshall Croom: I just think, Matt, this is Marshall, at this point in time, we're comfortable with reconfirming the guidance as we lean into the back half with some of these incremental investments. Again, we have better line of sight to not only productivity efforts that we're driving this year but in '18 and '19, above and beyond that, and also looking at what we're leveraging from '17 into '18 and '19 from capability builds, how we're leveraging Pro, continuing to take a look at our office staffing complement and how we're trying to match labor to drive traffic that we're seeing and fixed costs, indirect spend I've mentioned earlier. So again, at this time, we're comfortable with those longer-term targets and the productivity at this point in time, if we have better line of sight to revise that. I will provide that on an upcoming call. 
Marshall Croom: Basically, for the year, we just talked to 15 to 20 basis points impact to operating margin. And then for... 
Marshall Croom: It was roughly about 20 basis points for the quarter. And then share repurchase, yes, again, we'll target $3.5 billion this year in '17. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, Peter, this is Robert. As Marshall outlined, we're still holding to our 3-year guidelines that we gave last year and productivity is still a key focus that we're working on. We've seen actually a lot of benefits from our productivity efforts. As we've outlined, part of those is part of what Mike McDermott and his team did, is in amplifying and improving our marketing message, particularly when we look at opportunities in the digital space. We saw great results from that, including the improved traffic performance that we saw in the stores. I mean, we think we got a better opportunity to capitalize on that. So what Rick and his team are doing is saying, let's hold the labor that we normally would have been pulling back on, see if we can do a better job of capitalizing on that and see if we can drive incremental sales through the process. So that's what we're doing, is reinvesting on some of the benefits of productivity in what we feel is a strong macro environment, so. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, Eric, I'll start. As we said, you saw from the comp trajectory in the quarter, May was not what we had anticipated. By the time we got through the month in the Memorial Day performance. Our incremental investments in marketing and the enhanced focus on digital had not been fully kicked in by then. As we saw that kick in and we saw the incremental traffic that we're driving into the stores, we were very pleased, obviously, with the trajectory through the quarter but recognized that we probably had an opportunity to have provided a better customer experience that even better capitalized on the trends. So our belief is that we'll hold on to these labor hours, that we've got people that are trained in the stores that Rick and his team have trained. As we get into the fall, we'll continue to monitor that as Mike and his team work to even further optimize our marketing message. And we hope to see that translate into better experience, continue to drive better in-store experience and better sales trajectory. We've put a lot of effort into our online experience here over the past year or so, as highlighted with a 43% growth in the quarter. We think there's an opportunity to improve our in-store experience as we head into the fall of the year, and we hope then that, that resonates into capturing additional sales from the traffic that the marketing team is driving into our stores. 
Robert Niblock: Yes. I think, yes, we're still early in the process. Obviously, we're excited about the trends that we're seeing, but we're investing because, one, first of all -- first and foremost, to deliver our guidance for the year for those. We've been just slightly short of that for the first half of the year, so it's a make up the shortfall. And to the extent that we execute well, hopefully some upside to those numbers, but we've not baked that in, so. 
Robert Niblock: I think it's both. So as I indicated, Eric, we've had actually great success from our productivity efforts. We still have a lot more work to do there. But we've said all along that productivity is not just about cutting costs. It's also investing back into areas that matter most to the customer. So -- and we think, as we said, with the -- we knew we had an opportunity with -- to improve our marketing as we've had new tools, and we'll continue to better optimize that. The team is working to even -- to get better leverage out of our marketing spend. We saw an opportunity there. We're pleased with the, like I said, the online performance, the traffic we're driving into our stores, and we think there's an opportunity to even capitalize further on that. So it's partially using that productivity savings to invest in a better experience and capture share in what we think is a robust market placing with that. And we think it allows us to achieve those 3-year targets that we laid out. 
Robert Niblock: I'll start and then ask others to jump in, Alan. But certainly, as we indicated, we do think there were some disruptions from the model. The further we get away from the change, obviously people are getting settled into their new roles. We've talked about some of the attrition with some of the prior department managers and them -- their attrition in into permanent roles has actually gone faster than we had originally budgeted. So we knew there was some disruption. But the further we move away from the change, people are getting settled into their new roles. I'm pleased with the way the team is responding. As we indicated, we're a little bit behind where we anticipated when we laid out our guidance for the year. Thus, the revisions in guidance. But more than anything, the work that we've done, as I've said, in -- from a marketing standpoint to sharpen our messages and the enhanced efforts, we're seeing the great performance online, and we're also seeing better traffic trends coming into our stores. So we're using that as an opportunity, if you think about the changes that we've made from a management standpoint, getting the right management structure in the store. It allows us to put more associate customer-facing hours on the floor of the store to take advantage of that opportunity. So we think that's going to drive additional sales, but we don't want to get ahead of ourselves from a guidance standpoint. 
Robert Niblock: Mike, this is Robert. I'll -- we started off in Q1, we indicated that we were behind. We missed our sales plan. We felt we'd make up over the next couple quarters. So we're still in the process of working towards that. As I said, we did -- as we talked about in first quarter call and Mike had indicated, we had an opportunity to, one, enhance our marketing message, things like making sure we're highlighting the price points at the lower end of the -- leveraging price points at the appropriate time. As well as, we also saw opportunity to invest more in digital, and that's part of what drove our online outperformance. We had great payroll leverage in the second quarter. We think there's an opportunity to invest part of that to capitalize on the traffic that the marketing team is driving in. And then from an SG&A standpoint, I'll let Marshall talk about it, we had -- he talked about some of the onetime drivers and some of the specific things, that we're above what we had planned in the quarter and for the back half of the year, so. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, we have an approximate number, Mike. We had a couple that have slid into 2018. We've had a couple of sites that we chose not to move forward with, so we thought -- went ahead and updated guidance on that, so -- but didn't make any change to our sales guidance. 
Robert Niblock: And Matt, this is Robert. I would just say also keep in mind that we've made quite a few changes this year, both with our store labor model, that will settle in over time as they settle in within new roles, the incremental lifts within -- from a marketing standpoint as we continue to refine and get better at that. So I think there's opportunity for additional leverage against those things as we settle into the new cadence there. And then keep in mind that Marshall took you through some onetime items, the [ IDNR ] and other stuff that he talked about, credit losses. And we think moderate -- those things don't necessarily repeat as we get into the next 2 years of that 3-year guidance. 
Robert Niblock: Thanks. And as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our third quarter results on Tuesday, November 24 -- 21, I'm sorry. Have a good day. 
Michael McDermott: Yes, this is Mike McDermott. Obviously, as we communicated at the end of the first quarter, we needed to focus on improving our value perception and making sure we were amplifying our marketing reach with our customers. We did that by leaning hard into changing our anchor points and communicating critical values to customers. We're also continuing to improve our competitiveness, both on in-stock as well as special order items, and that's putting some level of pressure on gross margin. We've got optimization efforts in place, working closely with our vendors to make sure we're improving our first cost as well as pricing tactics, making sure that, from a head core tail perspective, we're competitive on head items, where required, and we're working hard on pricing tail items to make sure we're harvesting profitability to offset that investment. So we've got a lot of work under way in the merchandising team to balance the improvement of value perception with our cost position. 
Michael McDermott: This is Mike McDermott. I can lay some foundation there. Actually, I feel good as we take a look at our July performance was very well balanced across categories. And we certainly enjoyed positive performance across all products and outside and inside -- indoor categories. So it was not all isolated to just seasonal in the June and July time frame. At the same -- to that same message, we did enjoy an extended spring. It was clear our Lawn and garden business did perform above the average, and the team took full advantage of those weather conditions to really highlight the quality of our products. The merchants and the growers did a fantastic job on quality of live goods, and we feel really good about our performance of our private-label Sta-Green fertilizers, seed and soil products. So innovation as well as market events served us well. 
Michael McDermott: Yes, we continue to see both macro environment opportunities as well as favorability in both Pro and DIY markets. Pro out comped our average again this quarter, so we continue to feel good about that. We see an opportunity to continue to expand our penetration in that category. Pro represents about 30% of our sales and about 50% of the home improvement market. So again, a lot of the investments we're making and the actions we're taking, we think, will yield fruit. From a DIY perspective, we saw nice advancements in our DIY product categories, again both interior and exterior, giving us positive momentum going into the back half. 
Michael McDermott: Alan, this is Mike McDermott. Well, certainly, we don't take our #1 position in appliances or continued growth in market share in the category for granted. We've made significant investments over time to be the #1 player, and our customers continue to tell us that our focus on omnichannel engagement and experience is what they expect and what they desire. So we're very, very focused on continuing our leadership, from selection through enjoyment, through the service proposition, all the way through to retirement and making sure that our displays, our well-trained associates, our expansive brand and innovation portfolio continue to make a difference. Now in the second quarter, we grew at 3x the market in the appliance business. The operations team added inventory to make sure we could take advantage of the opportunity. I think Rick and his team increased staffing. We added delivery drivers, and we continue to take advantage of the market by providing great experiences. So from a marketing perspective, we're going to continue to lean into the category, as we have, and make sure that digitally, we've got great content online, fantastic navigation. And obviously, we're going to maintain our competitive posture from a pricing perspective. So I feel good about the appliance business. I feel good about continuing to grow our #1 position. 
Michael McDermott: The other thing I'd add to that from a dot-com perspective, we saw balanced improvement and strength actually in traffic, conversion and ticket across all product categories. So as it relates to the omnichannel experience, we really look at conversion, both in-store and online and to Rick's point. So we'll continue to invest there to make sure it improves. 
Michael McDermott: Well, we actually would anticipate a more balanced view of transactions and ticket as we move into the back half of the year versus the first half. 
Michael McDermott: Yes, this is Mike McDermott again. We certainly saw an opportunity in the first quarter to get more competitive as it relates to our promotional strategy specifically around holidays. So obviously, that was seen in our value perception metrics. We leaned in there. We matched the competitive intensity of the marketplace in some of the select categories where we saw some expansion of aggressiveness. But for the most part, as we go into the back half of the year, our focus is really exposing the values that we've already had in our plan. So some of that's going to be -- some of that margin pressure is going to be mix oriented. But we feel good about our position. We got to focus on optimization to make sure that we're making the right investments. But a big focus on the macro environment strength and our ability to jump in and take advantage of that. 
Michael McDermott: Yes, flooring continues to be an important category for us. We were certainly positive, and the category actually posted very strong performance in carpet, vinyl and laminate flooring but saw some opportunity in floor tile as well as hard wood. We're in the middle of a significant reset in the floor tile category. It's obviously becoming more and more important as customers lean into the new and innovative styles. But we have felt disruption as we ramped down our existing assortment. That reset should be complete by the end of the month, and we anticipate to be back on a growth trajectory above average on the other side of that reset. 
