Robert Hull: We've not seen any -- we don't believe we've seen any activity from what's transpired in the financial markets on the performance August to date. I will tell you, Brian, that our comp performance through yesterday is slightly positive.
Robert Hull: I'll start, and let Bob Gfeller add any color. So certainly, Matt, when we take a look at our performance by category, we understand that in the second quarter, we had some negative impact in appliances as results for the Cash for Appliances compare. That's really 25-basis point drag in Q2. We think that's only about 5-basis point drag in Q3. Also as Bob mentioned, a number of things transpiring in flooring should help the second half of the year. So those are 2 indoor categories, as Bob mentioned in his comments struggled in Q2. We expect better performance in the second half of the year.
Robert Hull: Matt, as you know, as we think about the many different impacts on gross margin, it's tough to necessarily discern basis points here or there. I'll let Bob Gfeller talk about the process regarding vendor requests. The price increases that we saw were somewhat included in the promotional activity of 20 basis points that I referenced. What that means is that promotions might have actually taken price down a little bit, while some of the input costs may have gone up slightly.
Robert Hull: The other thing I would add, Chris, is that in some cases, Base Price Optimization identified areas where prices were actually below the competition. So we can be Every Day Low Price, in some cases, raise our price up to the level of competition.
Robert Hull: Eric, this is Bob Hull. I'll start. Yes, I think just continued opportunities to refine our efforts in Base Price Optimization. I think all these tools work in tandem as Bob Gfeller described, integrating planning and execution is about taking the right SKUs in the right locations to be better market assorted. We've done a good job in the past. This kind of takes it up a notch. As a result of the overall umbrella effort to go local, Base Price Optimization has a role to play there to refine the retails of the SKUs that are in market there. So we do expect to continue to tweak the dials to have some novel positive impact going forward.
Robert Hull: So, Peter, I think for Q3, we're looking at gross margin performance not dissimilar to what we saw in Q2, all the same factors at play. We've got, from an SG&A front, we do have a bit of a headwind regarding the $30-or-so million associated with store closings. We do expect continued benefit from proprietary credit, the same or maybe a little bit higher in Q3 versus what we saw in Q2. As it relates to our outlook for the second half, sales and earnings are below plan, which means we'll likely leverage bonus expenses in the second half probably not to the same degree of what we leveraged in Q2. And then, we're always taking, I think, as Robert identified in his comments, we're continuing to take a critical look as to how we operate, how work gets done, whatnot, and ensure that we are getting value for all the dollars we invest in the business.
Robert Hull: No real timing, Peter. We went into the year with a plan to repurchase $2.4 billion. We did that in the first 2 quarters. If you take a look at both cash flow from operations and free cash flow, we generated 80% of free cash flow in the first half of the year. And in fact, more than 100% of free cash flow in the first half. So we try to better orient the timing of share repurchases with cash coming in the door. However, as we've done in the past, we'll continue to evaluate the market and options. And to the extent we feel we can be opportunistic, that's consistent with our long-term direction, we will do so. But more to come there.
Robert Hull: Laura, this is Bob. I'll start. So I think we talked in terms of taking a look at our outlook more broadly, we took, as I mentioned in my comments, our sales and earnings outlook for the back half of the year down 4 to 7 stores that Rick described. We took a little bit longer-term view of those stores and the markets they're in and as he said, despite the best efforts of the team, made the decision to close. Longer term, we'll update you on our expectations 2012 and beyond at our Analyst Conference in the fall. I think news is changing dramatically. We're seeing that reflected in the roller coaster ride in the equity markets, so I think it's premature for us to comment on what 2012 looks like. I'd like to get to our Analyst Conference later this year.
Robert Gfeller: Brian, this is Bob Gfeller. I would answer your question as no. As I said in my remarks, we've been working on this re-merchandising effort really for the first half of this year. We did eliminate some SKUs to make room, do not foresee a major impact from that. We have been kind of working on how to execute these most efficiently for the stores. And that's part of our test-and-learn kind of mentality and approach going forward. So I can tell you that for the second half, working with Ricky and his team in store op, we don't see significant disruption. In fact, I would say, we would probably see a similar type impact that I started talking about that we saw in the test results.
Robert Gfeller: Matt, I would add to Bob's comments that, as you look at appliances, flooring as Bob said, fashion bath, that the IP&E process and the line review process is opening up some positive for us in the back half. I think, I mentioned the tools strength, which we expect will continue into the holiday season. And the whole focus on product differentiation as we move to the back half is very focused on indoor products.
Robert Gfeller: Matt, just to add to Bob's comments. As I think we mentioned before that vendors are coming forward with price increase requests. Our approach is to negotiate as hard as we can to the lowest cost possible. We certainly take them under consideration. Where we have taken pricing, we have moved some through to retail, the paint being one good example and rough electrical and rough plumbing are similarly. But as it relates to looking into the back half, as Bob said, I think it's more neutral than it was in the first half.
Robert Gfeller: Chris, this is Bob Gfeller. Just in terms of pricing and price perception, Every Day Low Price is our goal and our focus. And therefore, everyday low cost is primary to deliver that everyday retail pricing approach. We do use new lower prices and special values at times although again going forward, we're going to be much more selective on promotion. Base Price Optimization and patch area expansion are now cycling really a year of being part of our everyday way we manage merchandising, and we are going to continue with those programs. And I would say that Base Price Optimization is not always a price increase. It can lead to -- I'm sorry, not only is it price decrease, it can lead to price increases, so that we are competitively priced overall. So overall, I would say that looking forward, Base Price Optimization and patch area expansion will be part of our program in the back half as it has been for the last year.
Robert Gfeller: And, Eric, I would just add one other comment. We've cycled the year of the program. So again, in the notion of test and learn, we're taking a look at all we've done, driving sales, helping margin, being more price competitive and as a merchandising organization, taking that into year 2 of the program. So it's just an ongoing approach, that's really part of how we're going to market now.
Robert Niblock: Chris, this is Robert. With regard to the number of benchmark items, that's something that we don't disclose. I think the important point there is that we're expanding the number of benchmark items from what we have in the past. Several things we've done is we kind of take this movement back to EDLP. As you know, going through the financial downturn that took place over the past several years, housing, economic downturn, it naturally led to a more promotional environment. As we transition out of that, we do think that the customers are telling us that they're looking for great value every day. So whether it's expanding the list of benchmark items to better send the message to them on an ongoing basis that they can find great value every day, whether it's what we did with our 5% off value prop that we did with the -- on the Lowe's credit card, the return back to EDLP and the work that Bob and his team were doing to work with our vendors and say, we're going to take everything we can out of cost, so we can provide that EDLP benefit to the customer and protect margin every day. Those are the type of things that we're working on. And so I think, the important takeaway is not how many is on the benchmark list, but the fact that we're expanding it to really, to drive that price perception home with the consumer every day.
Robert Niblock: Eric, this is Robert. I think our real focus is on how do we drive gross margin dollars and EBIT and better return to shareholders. So it's -- a great example is what we did with the 5% off everyday value prop on the Lowe's credit card. It has a slight negative impact on gross margin rate, but it actually drove more gross margin dollars at lower expense, so it drove a higher EBIT. So those are the type of opportunities that we're looking for. So take that, combined with what we're doing, EDLP, we used Base Price Optimization for those tiers. We're going to drive traffic. There'll be other areas where we'll gain margin opportunity, and we'll look at the entire mix and say, how do we provide enhanced margin dollars and a better EBIT to drive greater shareholder value.
Robert Niblock: As always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's, and we look forward to speaking with you again when we report our third quarter results on November 14. Thanks, and have a great day.
