David Denton: Yes. Kate, thank you for the question. As we think about next year, if you look at our guide of down 1 to up 1, we would expect units to be modestly down and our average ticket offsetting that almost dollar for dollar. 
David Denton: Kate, it is true, we are seeing better trends in February than January. But on a 2-year basis, you need to think about it, our trends in February, consistent with the 2-year trends for the fourth quarter, which is really solid. 
David Denton: That's correct. We saw expansion in growth in both, obviously, the Pro, but importantly, the DIY as well. 
David Denton: Yes, I think that is correct. Simeon, we're excited about in December to come back as a complete management team and really outline the building blocks for our progression above and beyond our 13% level as we think about our EBIT margins. But yes, I think about productivity as the main driver of that, as we continue to lean into both the Pro business, as well as healthy growth in our DIY business. 
David Denton: Yes. Scot, kind of in my prepared remarks, we talked about that interest rates do have an impact to some degree. But if you go back and historically look at periods of time when interest rates have risen, at the same time, we had really good economic backdrop. Actually, the home improvement sector has benefited from that. And I think if you cycle into '22, you see that same kind of economic climate now. So we feel like the demand profile of the sector is really healthy, number one.  And number two, many of the efforts that we're embarking upon and actually beginning to gain some traction, we're going to actually disproportionately take share in the marketplace. So we feel like we're really nicely positioned to deliver a really solid '22 and think about the future growth of this business in a really healthy manner. 
David Denton: Yes. I think there's really 3 things that are driving our increase in our guide from a top line perspective. One is we do think the market is going to perform a bit better. And by the way, we still think we're going to -- and believe and plan for us outpacing the market from a growth perspective. Secondly, we are seeing higher levels of commodity inflation than what we planned back in December, largely in lumber. So that is ticking our sales progression up slightly in the first half of the year. And then third, we're seeing really strong sustainable performance in our Pro business. And that demand has been really consistent through Q4 and we're leaning into Q1 in a very consistent manner -- in healthy manner from a Pro business perspective. 
David Denton: Yes. Listen, I think first and foremost, we're just extremely pleased with the performance from a shrink perspective. I think the store teams and the loss prevention teams have just done an excellent job of managing that. And now it's becoming a bit of a tailwind for us as opposed to a headwind, which was historic.  I think as we lean into '22, think about a few things happening.   In general, for the full year, we expect the gross margin to be up slightly, product margin to really lead the charge there as we really manage pricing costs very effectively. Our shrink and credit programs, think about that was largely neutral to our performance versus '22 versus '21. And then we'll have a little bit of headwind as we think about both rates and supply chain and our continued build out in the supply chain ecosystem. 
David Denton: Yes, Michael, I would just add that -- to Marvin's comments here, we really put in a very robust  process and analytical tools around this, such that we're measuring and monitoring as we take increases from a cost perspective. First, we push back on that when appropriate. We take a portfolio approach to adjusting our pricing and then we measure and monitor the performance from a unit velocity perspective. And we adjust as needed, when we need to do that such that we get the best price point from a consumable perspective, but importantly, what also drives the economic value here at Lowe's. 
David Denton: Well, maybe I'll take the contribution. Just from a planning perspective, these programs are well planned and well thought out. We have a substantial financial model associated with that. We test and learn as we go. And so we have a -- we feel like our plan for 2022, we have a very good line of sight to performance being driven out of those 2 programs. So first and foremost, we kind of checked that box. And then I'll let Marvin chat about the programs you like. 
David Denton: And Liz, but from our internal data, we continue to -- our data suggests that we're performing 200 to 300 basis points ahead of the market pretty consistently. And that will be our expectations going forward as well to outperform the market. 
David Denton: Eric, I think they're going to be fairly consistent. Our plan is fairly consistent in '22 versus '21.  And -- but I'll let Bill comment on that, too. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. Look, I think your first statement is directionally correct on what and where the penetration is. We just know the business continues to be very strong. If you think about 23% comps in the quarter and 54% on a 2-year basis, I mean, we feel great about that business. And I think you noted, we spent quite a bit of time over the last 3-plus years making not only investments in adding products to our assortment, but also our service levels fulfillment.  And we're very pleased, as I mentioned in my prepared comments with the launch of our new Pro loyalty program.  And as I mentioned as well, we're seeing a 300% increase in Pro sales for Pros engaged in our loyalty and credit program. And so Pro is going to be a significant part of our growth this year, and we still feel very encouraged by the progress. 
Marvin Ellison: Short answer is, absolutely. I give a lot of credit to Bill and the merchant team, Don Frieson and the supply chain team for working in a very collaborative fashion to make sure that not only are we fully good about what we have from a product category, but also the quality of the inventory. And as Dave mentioned in his prepared comments, the coastal holding facilities that we established on both the East and Western Coast have given us the ability to land import product early, take possession of it, which on a temporary basis, will elevate inventory levels, but we feel that's a prudent thing to do to make sure that we have that product available out of that global supply chain, so we can get it to our RDCs and our stores.  But we do feel good about where we are. We feel good about the investments we've made in job like [ qualities ] with Pros. And we think headed in the spring, which, as you know, is a significant sales period for us, we're in really good shape. 
Marvin Ellison: Scot, this is Marvin. Just one point to add. I do think that home improvement oftentimes gets combined with home building relative to interest rates. And obviously, the sectors are entirely different. And I think that we look at historically, that's why I think Dave's comments are so important that historical trends will show convincingly that high interest rates, combined with other positive macro indicators, do not have a negative impact on home improvement. Now home buying, I'm sure it's a totally different equation, but we want to make sure that there's a line of delineation between the 2 sectors. 
Marvin Ellison: Chris, I'm going to just add a little commentary on the Pro business, this is Marvin. We did a cost survey stated Pro that we issued out publicly. And just a couple of interesting data points. When we talk to Pros and DIY customers, both said that they see continued investment in the home. The DIY, I said at a pace of 50% today, we're going to do DIY projects and a roughly 50% say they would hire Pro. And then when you talk to our Pro customers, we have in detail, they continue to let us know that their book of business is more robust than they've ever seen it. They have projects lined out for balance of this year. Some projects may carry over into '23. And health of that business is very strong. And I think all the investments that we made in our merchandise assortments, in our service levels, in our stores, in our supply chain is driving that business. Again, 2-year comp in Pro is 54%, that's pretty good. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, Michael, look, I'll give you just a more of a philosophical perspective based on the trends that we see. So we are very confident that there are certain trends that will sustain. You have millennial household formation trends that are much more robust than any of us had anticipated pre pandemic. You're also seeing the investments in the home that will maintain simply because there are so many millions of people working from home permanently that even as we hope and pray the pandemic will dissipate, you still will have millions of people who permanently work from home that's going to drive certain investments in repair and maintenance that we think will [ sustain going past ] 2022.   And the work that the merchants and the finance team has done to drive cost out and to make sure that whatever price increase is driven by inflation we are pushing toward our customers, we're still doing that at a very competitive price because we're taking a multitude of actions to ensure that we're trying to drive other factors of cost out. Look, you know this, I think we're one of the only large retailers that reported -- that's reporting an increase in gross margin for the quarter and for the year from a basis points standpoint. And also we're guiding that for the balance of '22, we're going to see gross margin rate continue to improve. That gives you an indication that we have some degree of confidence we can manage this. I'll let Dave provide more of the financial specifics on kind of what we've seen and what we see going forward. 
Marvin Ellison: No, look, I'll just repeat what I said on the Pro. We tested a loyalty program. All of 2021, we've made different tweaks to it based on feedback and surveys from our Pro customers. We feel like we have a program that's going to drive differentiation and adoption. And as I mentioned, when customers engage in the Pro loyalty and our credit program, we're seeing a 300% increase in sales. And then we think that we're going to see some level of retention and engagement with our Pro customers based on the loss that will be happening within the next couple of weeks. So again, excited about the test and learn environment we've created. And to Dave's point, I mean we put a lot of robust processing in place to ensure that we have good visibility to what we think each of these programs will deliver. 
Marvin Ellison: Steve, thanks for the question. Our DIY sales were very, very strong in 2020. So year-over-year, we had tough comparison, we were able to grow that business even on top of some really aggressive sales last year. One of the things that we're leaning into as part of our Total Home strategy is private brands. And private brands specifically in the core-related categories. I'm going to let Bill Boltz talk a little bit about what we're leaning in there and how we believe that, that's going to give us some level of continued growth and differentiation. 
Marvin Ellison: And Steve, we're students of history, and we know that one of the strategic mistakes historically at Lowe's was to overcompensate and over-penetrate in private brands in Pro-related categories. And so Bill and his team have been very, very specific to continue to lean in to national brands on the Pro side. But on the DIY side, specifically home decor, the customers are telling us overwhelmingly that they love our design capabilities of private brand. And so we're going to lean into that for differentiation and also for a margin rate benefit. And again, we think we're off to a great start. 
Marvin Ellison: Liz, it's a fair question. But I will repeat what I've said a couple of different times. Home improvement does not have great market share data that we can glean very specific answers to. What I can tell you based on just our on-the-ground analysis is that we are, in fact, taking market share. It's hard to grow a business this size by over 35% on a 2-year basis and it's not coming from somebody.  We also are aware that there are winners and losers in retail based on the efficiency of your supply chain. We are fortunate that we are one of the largest importers of containers. And we have great supplier relationships that the merchants continue to foster. So do we believe that we're winning? We do. Do we think we'll continue to take market share in 2022? As Dave said earlier, we absolutely believe we will. And we think we'll take it across Pro and on -- and DIY, both in-store and online. But again, it's hard to give you a lot of specificity because the data set is not [indiscernible]. 
Marvin Ellison: It's a great question. We can only go by the feedback that we receive from our customers when we do surveys and we do different types of focus groups and what they are telling us is that they are more brand-agnostic when it comes to home decor-related categories and they are more concerned with quality and good style and price. And what Bill and his team has done with the launch of Origin 21 and with the continued improvement in allen + roth as an example, gives us a lot of confidence and we're really excited about STAINMASTER.   As Bill mentioned, you're going to see it going into more hard-surface flooring, but we have some other really exciting ideas that we'll be sharing over the next couple of quarters, but we're going to extend this very, very recognizable and high-quality brand in the other home improvement categories that customers, I think, will be very excited about. 
Marvin Ellison: So Eric, I'll take the first part of it, and I'm going to let Joe just talk a little bit about how our new labor system allows us to make real-time adjustments by store, by department based on ticket and transaction. You have to understand that one of the reasons why you're going to see negative units is because the DIY customer in the heart of the pandemic made types of purchases that they're not going to make in an era where there is less concern around the virus and less nesting at home.  We had cleaning purchases that drove a lot of transactions, not a lot of ticket. We had a lot of garden purchases and drove a lot of transactions, not a lot of tickets because people were at home and they were staying busy. Categories like paint, a lot of activity, not a lot of ticket. And so as we normalize year-over-year, we've got to see those activities are not sustainable. So when we say that the ticket is not as though we believe that we're seeing less customer traffic, we're just seeing DIY customers have different projects than they had when they were confined to their homes and staying busy with just random different projects around the house.  And that's the difference. So when we look at that, we just made it really transparent around how we view the inputs to what's driving sales. And we have no concerns that we're having a traffic issue or we have a customer demand issue. This is just more normalizing over unique activity in the middle of the pandemic. So I'll let Joe talk about our labor system and how we can manage it based on all those inputs. 
