Marvin Ellison: Greg, this is Marvin. So we're excited about the work on Lowes.com. But as we noted in the prepared comments, the 3% growth underperformed any large brick-and-mortar retailer trying to create an omnichannel environment. So as we replatform the entire site to Google Cloud, that will happen in the Q2 time period. We'll have additional phases and additional initiatives being added throughout the year so there is no one big grand unveil. There will be phases of improvements throughout the year. But we're estimating, in Q3 we'll start to see benefits and the customers will begin to become aware of the improved functionality.  Let me give you a perspective of what we're doing over the course of this time frame. We're going to decouple freight from product costs. Today, we still have a competitive disadvantage that our retails look artificially inflated because many of them have freight included. We're changing that. We're going to be able to expand our online assortment. Today, it takes, in some cases, weeks and months to add drop-ship SKUs on our site because it's very manageable. And so we're creating a more digital process to do that. We'll have that ready in the second half of the year.  Today, we don't have the ability to shop by collection. As an example, if you're purchasing patio furniture, it's a very cumbersome process, where a customer will have to shop on one screen for their table, they have to toggle to another screen for the umbrella, another screen for the chair. It is not very customer-friendly. We'll be able to get that done in this first part or the second half of the year. And believe it or not, with our market-leading position in appliances, it's still difficult to schedule a delivery date with the precision that most customers are accustomed to. And so we'll have that up and going by the second half. So those are just fundamental things in addition to one-click checkout, in addition to dynamic home page, in addition to navigation and search functionality that's more modernized. And so the reason why we're optimistic that this platform is going to be accretive starting in the second half is because we can look at the project time line and see all these things coming online over the course of the year. 
Marvin Ellison: So Seth, just in conclusion on Q1, we have a lot of confidence in the growth of the business based on these specific initiatives that we have in place and how we built our business plans from the bottom-up for really the first time based on the expectations of these initiatives. We just have to go out and execute, and that's the expectation going into 2020. 
Marvin Ellison: Okay. Thanks. A fair question. And the thing that we've tried not to do is set aggressive financial targets based on the implementation or delivery of a system. And so if you think about the list of things that you just heard from Joe and Bill on where we believe we're going to gain our sales benefit in Q1 and the first half of the year, there was no system dependencies listed. We have some big system things coming, and I can give you a list of those. But other than what we're expecting from e-commerce, there's really no big dependency on systems. And look, this is a big business. It's a complicated business. But we are just very pleased that we have a group of leaders that have been in their roles for a full calendar year, to Bill's point, and that creates more continuity than we've had here in a while. So always a risk, but we think the risk is muted because we don't have high dependencies. 
Marvin Ellison: Mike, I think it's a fair question. Look, in any large business, you're going to have execution risks. But for us, coming out of Q4, it's really more about understanding the competitive marketplace and having the agility to react to it. And when you have limited system capabilities, it really creates agility limitations. And what I mean by that is when we came to the conclusion for marketing spend that we were not where we needed to be relative to the quarter, we just didn't have the sophistication or the agility to pivot as quickly as we needed to.  That is more related to internal capabilities than execution issues. Look, there are always going to be execution issues no matter how good you are as a business. What I can tell you is 1 year into this multiyear transformation, I feel great about this team. I feel great about what we've accomplished. I feel great about 2019. And we have a significant amount of confidence going into 2020. But yes, there will always be execution risk. We'll always hold ourselves to a high standard, but I feel really good about how we executed throughout the quarter, even though it wasn't perfection. 
Marvin Ellison: No. It's absolutely fair. And look, I'll go back to a couple of comments that's already been stated. First, the value of having leaders in their position for a full year seeing every seasonal cycle is critically important in merchandising, in store operations, in finance and in supply chain, so -- and we have that, and clarity of what we're trying to get accomplished and having just better tools and resources available. So we feel really good about our execution. If you think about for a second, we're able to roll out an entire new scheduling and labor management system. We're able to leverage expenses, improve service, improve our margin rate coming off of a tough Q1 throughout the year. So we think our execution really picked up significantly throughout the year, and we think we'll carry that momentum into 2020. 
Marvin Ellison: So Chuck, this is Marvin. Our penetration hasn't materially changed from what we called out earlier in '19, and we'll call it between 20% and 25%. We have intentionally not set a penetration target because we believe setting an artificial target could lead us to be focused on something other than what's in the best interest of the customer. What we're trying to do is be a very customer-centric organization in how we think.  Now Joe outlined in his prepared comments some key things that we're doing relative to pro loyalty in CRM. Do we have an expectation that we're going to see our pro penetration pick up in 2020? Absolutely. We haven't set a target, but we do have expectations on what we're going to be able to generate from new customers, average ticket, growth, frequency of visits because we're going to know this customer intimately based on having real data and not based on intuition. So that's a long-winded way of saying penetration is about the same and we are not setting targets, but we have an expectation we're going to grow the business in 2020. 
Marvin Ellison: Eric, this is Marvin. Candidly, we're not spending our time looking at anything other than the customer and our internal execution. So for us, when we look at year-over-year improvement and we look at improvement in our store execution, we believe we're making progress. So if you think about it for a second, a lot of home improvement transactions begin online. They may not consummate a lot, but they begin online. So on one hand, it is a true omnichannel environment where research and also product education happens online, and then it drives traffic to the store. If you have limitations online, not only does it hurt your dot-com sales, it actually hurts your brick-and-mortar sales because it limits the amount of traffic, where people will show up after having quality, efficient research and decide to buy.  So we think it's part and parcel that Lowes.com has to improve. And when that improves, it lifts the entire company from an e-commerce standpoint, from an omnichannel standpoint and from a brick-and-mortar perspective. But if you think about the things that Bill talked about with the fact that we just changed out our entire endcap strategy, we just created an entire off-shelf program, we just cleared up a seasonal space upfront for the first time that's going to be consistent. In every store, we can actually set spring. We can set events. We can set holiday gift centers. So all of these things are about creating space productivity in the stores.  In addition to that, I'll just let Bill walk through some of the other key drivers of spring and some of the things that we've invested in that we think will continue to create better brick-and-mortar sales. 
Marvin Ellison: Look -- and Eric, it's a really -- it's a fair question. And the only other comment I'll make is the importance of the pro business. In home improvement, if you don't have a healthy pro business, you really become the victim of weather patterns. You become the victim of a lot of different things that drive normal retail traffic patterns. But irrespective of the weather outside, pros have to work. And so a really robust pro business creates store-based productivity that continues to really benefit you throughout different weather patterns in times of year. And so one of the reasons why we've been so invested in pro is it goes directly to your question. So we can create better productivity in our brick-and-mortar stores and have more sustained growth in our productivity. So work in progress. We're 1 year into this multiyear transformation. I'm very pleased with where we are. 
Marvin Ellison: Simeon, what we know is we had an internal forecast as all businesses will have going to any season, where we had an internal plan. And Bill's point about appliance, although we're pleased with the comp in appliance relative to the company comp, it underperformed our internal forecast. And when you look at the data, that all came out of early November. Because as you know, there are a couple of big event periods during the year in appliances and November happens to be one of the largest. And the compressed holiday season and how the customers shop, we just didn't have the agility in our marketing strategy to take advantage of it.  So we know what we left on the table. We're not stating that externally. But what we can say is if we would have met expectations in the categories we laid out, we would have been at or above what we had forecasted from a top line standpoint. So we can definitely see how and why we did not hit the internal number. But even with that, we're pleased with the fact that we're able to leverage expenses and SG&A, and we're able to manage the business much better.  I remember not too far in the distant past, if Lowe's didn't beat their top line, there's no way they're going to hit their bottom line performance. And we did all of that and still leveraged customer service across pro and DIY, so we did it the right way. 
David Denton: Yes. So this is Dave. So maybe I'll kick it off, and then Marvin will pick up here. Just as you know, we don't really guide specifically to the quarter just -- particularly in the first half of the year given the -- when the weather breaks from a spring perspective. I will say, if you look at first half versus second half, I would expect that the first half from a comp perspective to be slightly lower than the second half of the year as our strategic initiatives begin to take hold through the balance of the year and really start to pay off in the second half of 2020. 
David Denton: And Scot, this is Dave. I'll just add a couple of things. One is we're rolling out these systems in waves. So we're putting them in not in a big bang but over time, number one. And number two, we have a very robust piloting and testing program such that we're out in the field, either here in the corporate office or out in the stores, running them in a certain market or location to make sure that the functionality is adequate before we roll it out completely to the store environment. 
David Denton: Yes. I would expect that our inventories are going to stabilize through 2020. We do think, over time, we have the opportunity to reduce inventories in a major way. However, we're still building the systems and processes to be able to do that in a very systemic fashion. So think about 2020 as a point in time where we will be stable, making sure that we have the right inventory in the stores to support job lot quantities for the pro and support our in-stock environment, but not a big year which will yield performance from an inventory reduction perspective. 
David Denton: Yes. Really excellent question. As I said in my prepared remarks, we expect a 50 to 70 basis point expansion in OI in 2020 with an equal contribution both from gross margin and SG&A leverage. And if you look at that, we expect that during 2020, we will achieve rate neutrality versus our rebase line level on a like-for-like product gross margin level. We will then incur some additional pressure from both supply chain and shrink. So those are the -- that's what's kind of dragging us down a little bit as we cycle into 2020, and we're working to offset those longer term. But I feel really good about the progress we're making in 2020. We're getting back to that neutrality level. Now we're trying to cycle over those investment areas. 
David Denton: Yes. I think from a spring perspective, very much so. I think as we think about the full year, we'll continue to invest in strategic categories to enhance our business primarily in the pro space. At the same time, keeping our inventory levels relatively constant throughout 2020. 
William Boltz: Yes. I think in addition to the MST team and the field merchant team, we also have the first full year of our merchants being in the seat, which is a big deal for us. And then as I said in my prepared remarks, we're very excited about introducing Honda outdoor power, bringing in the Ariens line of zero-turn. We've got the first full year of CRAFTSMAN. If you think about that, we didn't finish the CRAFTSMAN rollout until midyear of 2019.  We've got a bunch of new products that we're introducing in our private brands in Kobalt and allen + roth. I touched on the new pro stuff coming out of DEWALT, the new products from Weber, YETI. We've got new fastener brands with FastenMaster and GRK. We've got Miracle-Gro, a live goods product that we're introducing in our live goods program. And then you think about all the changes that we've made in-store in 2019 that we're going to have in place for full year, our endcap strategy completely changed in 2019 as did our off-shelf strategy. We implemented a cross-merchandising program that rolled out in the fourth quarter of last year. We finished Phase 1 of our refresh work, and we've just tackled some really valuable retail space up in the front of the store that we'll be able to execute and use for the spring season.  And as Marvin touched on with Lowes.com, albeit early and a lot of things going on, we now have the ability to ship battery-powered products. We have the ability to ship oversized products. We have easier checkout and navigation experience. We've got a more enhanced home page. So there's a ton of things that are in front of us that we've got that lay out what's going to happen in 2020. 
William Boltz: Yes. Chuck, this is Bill. So the big role for our MST team is to improve the level of bay service inside of our stores. And so in addition to that, they also assist with project work. With the additional folks that we're adding in 2020, it's really about improving our service level and then being able to also tackle a number of the projects that we have to do. So we're excited about being able to grow this team. And we continue to thank our vendor partners for their participation. And it allows us to provide a better level of service, be more ready. So we're already excited about where that's going. 
William Boltz: Yes. The other -- I think another big part that we've invested in is around the training for our associates in the store. And so between Joe and myself, we've put together just a lot of product knowledge training for our teams supported by our vendors, but really wanting to make sure that we can raise the level inside the aisle, inside the store. I touched on in my earlier comments about all of the different product launches that are coming, all of the different capabilities that are coming from Lowes.com and a couple of them that came on board in the fall of last year. I touched on the cross-merchandising program. We didn't have one until late last year, and so that's going to get a full year of that rollout. And then we've got field merchants on the ground inside of our regions to help us refine these assortments as we continue to work on improving our productivity.  And then as I just touched on with the MST team, being able to expand those folks allows us to speed up how we service the bays inside the store and how we get more things done. So we're excited. 
William Boltz: So Eric, it's Bill. So on the appliance side, we continue to outpace the store. We're continuing to leverage our #1 position. Pleased with how our appliance performance had demonstrated all year long. And then we look at flooring, we've made a lot of investments in flooring. We're seeing continued growth in luxury vinyl plank. We're starting to see lines -- signs of growth now in our soft flooring business, which had lagged for years. We're seeing growth in new products. So anything that was new was introduced like in decorative wall tile, laminate, anything that's water-resistant, all of those trending very well.  And then we'll continue to refine that category. It's important for us to be able to get that shopper into our store and drive that portion of our business. So we're going to continue to tweak it. 
