Robert Niblock: Good morning, and thanks for your interest in Lowe's. I'm pleased that we delivered another strong quarter, with comparable sales growth of 7.3%. Comp growth was driven by a 4.9% increase in comp average ticket and a 2.3% increase in comp transactions. The mix of comp ticket and comp transactions was consistent with our expectations. Comparable sales growth for our U.S. business was 7.4% for the quarter. We saw balanced performance across the country again this quarter, with all 3 divisions, the North, South and West, generating comps within a tight range. In fact, all 14 regions had comps greater than 5%. Likewise, we reported positive comps in all 12 product categories, and our ProServices business continued its strong performance, with comp sales in line with the company average during the quarter. I'm also pleased to share that our team in Canada delivered double-digit comps in local currency for the seventh consecutive quarter. We remain focused on improving our profitability even while investing in key capabilities to drive sales growth. For the quarter, we drove 115 basis points of operating margin expansion and earnings per share of $0.46, a 59% increase over last year's fourth quarter. For the year, we delivered comparable sales growth of 4.3% and earnings per share of $2.71, a 27% increase over fiscal 2013. Delivering on our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, in the quarter, we repurchased $1 billion of stock under our share repurchase program and paid $225 million in dividends. For the year, we repurchased $3.9 billion of stock and paid $822 million in dividends. As we head into fiscal 2015, macroeconomic fundamentals are aligned for modestly stronger home improvement industry growth. Jobs, incomes, household financial conditions are expected to continue strengthening in 2015, building on the momentum gained in 2014. Coupled with an increase in revolving credit usage, these trends set the stage for higher discretionary consumer spending. And the sharp decline in energy prices should allow consumers to pump less money into their tanks and more into home improvement and other forms of discretionary spending. Improvements in housing should persist in 2015 as well. Strong income gains, mortgage rates that remain historically low and moderating home price growth should keep home affordability at elevated levels and provide more support for home buying in 2015. Expected growth in the home improvement market is further supported by recent consumer confidence readings and the results of our fourth quarter consumer sentiment survey, which revealed that homeowners' views around personal finances and home values continue to improve. In fact, approximately 1/2 of homeowners now believe the value of their homes is increasing. Along with the positive progression in sentiment, this quarter, even more homeowners indicated their home improvement spending was increasing. And while most of the home improvement projects they have planned are still small ticket, the survey indicated a boost in plans for big-ticket projects versus this time last year. In 2015, we will continue to focus on a few key priorities to capitalize on opportunities within an improving economy. We'll further pursue top line growth by differentiating ourself through better customer experiences and improving our product and service offerings for the Pro customer. In addition, we continue developing omni-channel capabilities as part of our long-term commitment to meet customers on their terms, whenever and wherever they choose to engage with us. We also remain committed to improving our productivity and profitability, with opportunities in a few specific areas, including store payroll, marketing and leveraging our scale to get cost savings on indirect spend. These efforts give us confidence in our business outlook for 2015. Bob will share these details in a few minutes. But first, I would like to thank our more than 265,000 employees for their hard work and dedication. Their steadfast commitment to serving customers is critical to our success and an important driver of this quarter's strong results. Thanks again for your interest. And with that, let me turn the call over to Rick. 
Robert Niblock: Well, Alan, I think we've talked about this some in the past and how, really, when you look through all the prior cycles, when housing was -- turnover was going up and down, home values continued to maintain their -- homes continued to maintain their value and actually continued to increase during a lot of those cycles. The -- but we saw that kind of disconnect in this most recent -- this most recent downturn, when home prices dropped dramatically. So we're kind of going through this cycle. We're getting home prices starting to come back up. That's driving confidence among homeowners that they can reinvest in their home again. And certainly, there's been a lot of deferred investment, kind of the wish list, the to-do list on the refrigerator. So people are reengaging in that. That's what we saw in our survey, where we're starting to see a slight increase in those that are not only taking the discretionary projects on, but also starting to move into larger projects because they're getting confidence in the macroenvironment, confidence in the value of their home. But at end of the day, income and housing are continuing to be the things that drive our business. So there was a little bit of a disconnect in the downturn, but we are seeing consumers reengage. And we feel good about that, and that was built into our guidance for 2015. 
Robert Niblock: Yes. This is Robert. You hit the nail on the head. We actually -- we had, for a number of quarters, the Pro exceeding our overall business. But we had really good strong performance, which led to the strong comp that we delivered in the fourth quarter, with great response from our retail consumer. I'll let Rick jump in and talk a little bit more detail about what we're seeing from the Pro. 
Robert Niblock: Scot, I'll start and then have Mike jump in. Certainly, as we talked about it in AIC, we have a strong focus on the Pro customer. And we know that to continue to -- and that we've had great performance, as Rick outlined for you. But to continue to drive that relevance with the Pro, it's everything we're doing from the quality of people to the account executives, the service in the aisle of stores, the depth of inventory and also the key brands that they rely on. So that's been a dedicated focus for Mike and his team to make sure as -- when we talk to the Pro customers, we have the dedicated brands that they want. So Mike, if you want to... 
Robert Niblock: Chris, this is Robert. I'm certainly -- I think, as you listen to economists speak out there, they would say that the longer that we're going to go on, yes, the more that it becomes part of your discretionary income versus kind of a onetime impact. And so, yes. So I think it's reasonable to assume the longer that goes on, the more likely consumers will spend a portion of that and more likely part of it winds up in our channels. So that's positive. We view that as a potential positive as we think about our outlook for 2015. On the other hand, depending on how long it takes place, the impact it has almost on a slowing global economy, U.S. exports, multinationals, and the impact that can have on overall jobs and those types of things, don't lose sight of that. It's not just a one-way street. There can be other impacts as well that we need to take them into consideration. 
Robert Niblock: No. As I said in my comments, we saw a broad outperformance across all of our divisions in all of our regions in the company. So... 
Robert Niblock: The only thing I would say, Peter, is that -- like I said, we're early into the process. If you recall, last year, we talked on the call extensively about the outdoor living experience and how we'd set that and the great response that we saw from customers from an outdoor living. By the time we were setting it out over the majority of our stores, the Deep South, we were already into spring. And so therefore, we didn't want to disrupt the spring selling season in the Deep South. We came back in the fall of the year, reset all of those. And so that's the earliest indication we would have would be from the Deep South. And what we're seeing, the receptivity from those consumers, after what we've done with outdoor living experience, has been very strong. So we're pleased with the early indications and just waiting for spring to get here for the rest of the country. 
Robert Niblock: And as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our first quarter 2015 results on Wednesday, May 20. Thanks, and have a great day. 
Robert Hull: So Alan, the impact was essentially nominal to us. Our international business, Canada and Mexico, are relatively small pieces of our portfolio of businesses. We did have a modest drag on comps, 10-or-so basis points for the quarter and about the same for the year. As we think about FX going into '15, at this point, we've modeled roughly the same levels as where we are today. 
Robert Hull: So what I would say is that, when we put our outlook for the year, this is something that we expect to achieve and hopefully beat. So if you think about our EBIT guidance for 2014, we started the year at 65 basis points and delivered 76 basis points. So I would suggest that it's some level of conservatism. As I mentioned in my comments, we took a prudent outlook -- a prudent approach for our outlook for 2015, and the 80- to 100-basis-point range is consistent with that. 
Robert Hull: So Mike, a bit of it was the impact of insurance. Some of it was the bonus payout that Rick mentioned going into the quarter. We expected a little bit more leverage in Q4 on the bonus line than we experienced, but we're happy to pay the associates. They delivered strong results for the quarter and they deserve it. The other piece I would mention, Mike, is the mix between -- that basis point mix impact hurt the flow-through as well. 
Robert Hull: So 2 things. The payout is based on our planned performance. So as we -- our outlook for Q4 was a 7.3% comp. So we outdelivered our expectations by a greater degree going into Q4, which led to the increased bonus payout. As it relates to your first question on price actions, really, Mike, that ties back to Rick's comment on targeted promotions. 
Robert Hull: What I can tell you is, at the peak, those items were -- those 3 categories were close to 19%, 20% of our sales. Today, they're 16% to 17%. So while all of those have been rising, they're still lagging as a percent of the mix. 
Robert Hull: So Matt, as you might expect, the bigger -- the biggest driver of that was appliance, strong growth of appliances in the quarter, double-digit growth in appliances, also some strength in lumber and building materials, a lower-margin category. Those are the 2 main drivers of the -- and I guess, third, outdoor power equipment, some elevated generator sales in the quarter based on weather. As we think about 2015, we're modeling a lot of mixed rag [ph] going into 2015, but that's embedded in the roughly 20-or-so basis point improvement that I mentioned. 
Robert Hull: So I'll take a part of it, and Rick will talk about the ports. As I mentioned, we're trying to grow comps in the mid-single digit, keeping inventories sort of flat. So a lot of effort and energy around improving the productivity of inventories. So -- and that showed up in Q4. The second is improved seasonal sell-through. So I think some of these seasonal goods are good-quality product that we'll choose to carry over throughout the course of the year. We, in fact, did that in Q4 '13. Based on the strength of the seasonal set, the customer experience design worked with far better seasonal sell-through Q4 '14 than we did in '13. Therefore, we didn't have any carryover inventory. 
Robert Hull: So Chris, as we think about drivers of our business, it's really 3: household net worth, employment and housing. So certainly, less dollars going towards fuel is going to be more discretionary dollars for the consumer to spend. So that's a fact. What we don't know is exactly how much of that's going to savings; how much of that's going to restaurants, vacations, et cetera; and how much is going towards home improvement. So we know the customers got a little bit more walking-around money. To your specific question, Chris, I can't determine -- we can't determine the specific impacts to our comp in the fourth quarter. 
Robert Hull: So Aaron, when I take a look at relative profitability, when your gross margins are essentially the same as [indiscernible] as operating expenses. As we think about operating expense opportunities, we do think there's a number of areas that we talked about. So certainly, with some elevated bonus in '14, we'll plan for target levels in '15, increase levers in store payroll, some advertising leverage. Those are the big buckets. And the depreciating dollars actually fall in '15 so we have some healthy leverage there. Beyond that, the whole indirect spend category, we talked about it at the analyst conference in December. I talked about some discrete items in Q4, not because they were large drivers. And I mentioned telecom and armored car. Specifically, this give you a sense that it's real and it's working. And we've got a number of categories in '15 that we're looking at things from store fixtures and displays, supplies, the entire [indiscernible] category and various services. So there's a variety of different activity around that, where we think we can become much more efficient going forward that will help improve the flow-through that we talked about, the 25 to 30 basis points. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Simeon. It was really the result of the holiday and the retail consumer. When you look at the Pro in general, we still saw strong demand across all regions with the Pro. As a matter of fact, when you look at account growth, which is a measure that I look at to determine health of the Pro and still the viability of our processes and programs, our Pro accounts grew 24% during the quarter. So still a huge take rate from Pros as they look to leverage our benefits of our value proposition, as well as we continue to meet their needs. We did see positive comps across all ticket sizes and ticket ranges for the quarter as well, which showed strength that we did not lose anything relative to any type of transaction size that we monitor or watch during that time frame as well. So we feel good for Pro. We still feel good with the strength of the Pro and their response to our process and programs. And we -- and moving into 2015, we still think that we have room to continue that growth with the brands that we're launching in 2015, a lot of what we talked about during the AIC with GAF roofing, Owens Corning, LENOX, Golblatt, other brands that we're bringing back into the portfolio, as well as those brands we launched during the Q4. So we feel really good from where we are today and entering into of 2015 with relevance for the Pro. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Jessica. This is Rick. I'll start, and then I'll let Mike jump in as well. We continue to be pleased with our performance at lowes.com. It was up 25% for the quarter, 2.5% of our total sales for the year. When you look at dot-com, the thing that we're really working on is, as you said, we've been doing online pick up in-store for over a decade. So it's something that we really continue to focus on. Dennis Knowles and the team have done a phenomenal job on store operations and improving the experience on the front end to make it easier for the customers to transact and get the products in and out of store quickly. And it continues to focus on our ability to drive our omni-channel aspects of what we're trying to accomplish and do as an organization and create that visibility across stores, dot-com, contact centers and on site or in the home. So it's a component of what we're really doing from an overall strategic standpoint. What we've been focused on over the last couple of quarters and in 2014 is really enhancing the experience that the customers have when they jump on our sites. So we've been working on delivery scheduling. You've seen us work on improving our search capabilities and adding several thousand additional search terms to avoid getting back those no search results. We've improved our filtering of products. And we're also working on improving our content -- improved content for 17,000 highly visible items on the site. So we're really looking holistically at the site to make sure that we continue to drive what we are working on. The thing that we're still extremely pleased with is that the store remains very relevant with the customer. And in fact, almost 97%, 98% of all transactions still go through our stores. That's evidenced by the fact that we talk about a 60% pickup, the other 10% delivered and then a large portion of our parcel orders are actually shipped from our stores. So they continue to play a critical role as we leverage that asset and continue to move forward in the future. Mike, I don't know if there's anything that you want to add. 
Rick Damron: Yes. And Matt, I'll just add that we also account in-transit inventory in our numbers. So whether it's sitting at port or in our DCs, that's still in our total inventory numbers. As it relates to our ports -- to the port issues, I'm extremely pleased with the efforts of our supply chain in getting our products moved through the port during this slowdown. As a matter of fact, we feel fairly good and confident about our inventory position heading into spring. Currently, we have over 3 months of forecasted sales of seasonal products already in our distribution centers and in our stores. So we feel good from that perspective. We continue to monitor the process, in general, with the ports. And we continue to take steps to minimize any further impact such as moving product and cargo through other ports, rerouting the product to where we can get it to our stores the most quickly and time-effective means possible. But the teams have done a great job in flowing our product off the port, getting the containers moved through and really proud of what they were able to accomplish. So we feel good going into spring with our current inventory levels, and it's -- particularly against our forecasted expectations for the first 3 months. 
Rick Damron: Sure, Peter. When you look at this, like I said, we've been investing to grow our Pro business over the last couple of years. We talked about the organizational designs that we've made, the inventory investments that we've made and the value propositions. As we go through -- and the addition of the programs continue to resonate very well with the Pros. So when you look at account growth for the year, in context, the accounts grew by 16% for the year. 
Michael Jones: Absolutely. Thank you, Robert. Yes, I'd add to it, that along with -- really doing well on large ticket and gaining share, Rick talked about with respect to Pro, ensuring that we continue to build out our portfolio of brands, have the right inventory depth, have the right breadth of assortment. We think that's going to help us over the long term, continue to build better traffic. So we think our plans will allow us to go after both. We think that we're seeing our -- some of our project execution, relative to being able to engage with customers, start to pay off early. 
Michael Jones: Sure, absolutely. I'd say, the customers of Pro, the tools, value improvement that we use to go after better serving this customer and certainly brands we're enabling [ph] to make sure we serve those customers well. And so to Rick's point earlier, if you think about that and heavy-coated [indiscernible] wiring devices, cage [ph] fasteners, LENOX, HVAC, Owens Corning, installation, just really, really great job by the merchants, starting with our team store operations to [indiscernible] the brand. But it's not just in Pro. I think what we've done in the DIY space -- HGTV by Sherwin-Williams, the granddad, that the quality of Sherwin-Williams [indiscernible] HGTV, we're really, really excited about that. And if you look at grills as an example, another one that we don't talk a lot about, but we have both Weber and Char-Broil, the #1 and #2 brand in grilling. So excited, and it's a ton of work in tools very specifically as well. IRWIN, LENOX, we talked about both the IRWIN brand and the LENOX brand. We've made reference of Hitachi pneumatics. You couple that with our exclusives of Bostitch, makes us the destination for pneumatics. Rick spoke about adding back Goldblatt hand tools, and that's added to our current portfolio of brands, which includes Bosch, DEWALT, Kobalt and Porter-Cable, to name a few. So the merchants have done a phenomenal job at really going out into the supply base, working with our vendor partners to bring back the right brands that both the Pros [indiscernible] want as well as shoring up both for DIY and the -- and our customers looking for strong tool performance. We're excited about what's going on. And to your point, great, great work. 
Michael Jones: I think I'd just add, anything you purchased online -- so if a consumer often starts online for inspiration, getting a better sense of how they can want to pull their projects together and they'd like to couple that with the in-store experience, so that they can think and work their way through the project. But appliances, fashion fixture, outdoor power and tools are certainly mainstays for online. And we take the approach that for the consumer, they want us to be relevant whenever and wherever they want to interact with us. And so we recognize that often we sell online and from there, it becomes an in-store discussion. We're also very careful to make sure that as we tie back our merchandising approaches, that we're leaning into both what's important from a pricing perspective as well was what's important from an online perspective. To Rick's point earlier, a couple of brands have been added, Progress Lighting and Kichler Lighting will be featured online, and our online tools will help them both make selections and ship to the home or make selections and come into our stores and see that product and make the selection. So it's -- for us, it's about the cohesive experience, of which online is certainly a key piece of it. 
Michael Jones: We did do tile reset late last year. But we're seeing pretty good strength beyond when we did the reset. So I think it's just that the category itself -- the industry has done better. 
