Robert Niblock: Good morning, and thanks for your interest in Lowe's. I am pleased that we've delivered another strong quarter with comparable sales growth of 5.2%. Comp growth was driven by a 2.9% increase in comp average ticket and a 2.2% increase in comp transactions. The team executed our plan and collaborated across the organization to respond to challenges. We employed a coordinated effort to stagger our Spring Black Friday events with a controlled cadence, as Mike will describe further, and we were well prepared to meet customers' needs for the season.  Our ability to adapt to difficult operating conditions was tested by the prolonged labor dispute at West Coast ports. And I'm pleased with the team's diligent effort to minimize the impact these challenges created. I would like to thank our more than 265,000 employees in the field and at our support centers for their hard work and dedication to serving customers.  Comparable sales growth for our U.S. home improvement business was 5.3% for the quarter. And while we saw stronger performance in areas of the country where weather was more favorable, specifically in the West and in Florida, all 14 regions generated positive comps. Additionally, our team in Canada delivered their eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit comps in local currency and their highest quarterly comp performance since we entered the market in 2007. We recorded positive comps in all 13 product categories with particular strength in appliances as well as seasonal categories, including outdoor power equipment and seasonal living.  We remain focused on improving our profitability even while investing in key capabilities to drive our sales growth. For the quarter, we drove 76 basis points of operating margin expansion despite experiencing some discrete pressures, as Bob will detail. And we delivered earnings per share of $0.70, a 15% increase over last year's first quarter, which was in line with our expectations. Delivering our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, in the quarter, we repurchased $1 billion of stock under our share repurchase program and paid $222 million in dividends.  Looking at the balance of the year from an economic perspective, key drivers of home improvement industry growth, job and income growth, home buying and home price appreciation remain aligned for modestly stronger industry growth. At the same time, lower energy prices should fuel stronger consumer spending in 2015. We continue to see steady recovery within the housing market, including positive trends in turnover and moderate home price appreciation as measured by the FHFA, the broadest measure of home price growth, which is more in line with our store footprint. We're also encouraged by the results of our first quarter Consumer Sentiment Survey, where we continued to see homeowners' views around personal finances and home values improve. According to the survey, homeowners are shifting more of their spending to home improvement. As a result, their intentions to begin a home improvement project in the next 6 months were the highest in 6 years. And these planned projects are now almost evenly split between discretionary and nondiscretionary.  Our key priorities in 2015 should allow us to capitalize on opportunities with an improving economy. We're pursuing further top line growth by differentiating ourselves with better customer experiences and improving our product and service offering for the Pro customer. We also remain committed to improving our productivity and profitability with opportunities in a few specific areas, including store payroll, marketing and leveraging our scale to get cost savings on indirect spend. In addition, we continue developing omni-channel capabilities as part of our long-term commitment to meet customers on their terms whenever and wherever they choose to engage with us.  The execution of our strategic priorities, alongside an improving macroeconomic backdrop, together with a keen focus on productivity and profitability, give us confidence in our business outlook for 2015. Thanks again for your interest. And with that, let me turn the call over to Mike. 
Robert Niblock: And Eric, this is Robert. If we think about everything that Mike and Rick just described, including the product resets to come with new Pro-focused brands like Mike talked about in his comments in the first quarter when we brought in Sherwin-Williams, significant reset to take place in the stores that was done over the first quarter. Layered on top of that, the training that Rick just mentioned for all the associates at the Pro desk, those types of things, and then be able to deliver the results that we've had in the quarter. We're investing a lot for the future, but we're also doing it with a cadence that allows us to deliver great results like we did for the quarter. So I'm pretty proud with what the team has been able to execute. 
Robert Niblock: And Seth, just to bring it into perspective, this is Robert. If you think about looking out over the balance of the year, as you look at our comp guidance for this year, our comp guidance is basically in line with the comps we delivered last year. If you think about last year coming out of the first quarter, we had 0.9% comp, so we had a big deficit to make up going over the balance of the year. Obviously, the first quarter this year, we got a 5.2% comp in the first quarter, so we're running ahead of what our trajectory -- or what our guidance is for the entire year. So obviously, coming out of the first quarter, we feel much better about being ahead of what we guided to for the year than the position we were in last year, where we had a large deficit to make up, so. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, I'll start, Judy, and then I'll let Mike jump in on top of that. When Mike talked about the kitchen suites, he's really talking about re-laying the existing space that we had in the department in the way that we're arranging our offering of appliances into more of a suite versus an individual, all washers together, dryers, those type of things. So we haven't really dedicated more space from an overall appliance standpoint. It's just the way that we're going to market with those appliance category. So in that respect, you shouldn't see more space allocation impact on other categories. 
Robert Niblock: And as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our second quarter results on Wednesday, August 19. Have a great day. 
Robert Hull: So a couple of things, Brian. First, as we think about the 3.8% for April relative to the 5.2% for the quarter, we did see some softness -- weather-related softness in some areas of the country for our seasonal categories. But as Mike said in his comments, we're exceeding expectations in May. So we're comfortable with what we're seeing regarding those seasonal categories in those parts of the country, where weather has improved. As it relates to what our competitor reported yesterday, if we take a look at -- so we're on a 4-5-4 calendar. If we take a look at our performance on a 4-4-5, which takes out some of the Easter shift noise that would've crossed our fiscal March into April of this year, we would have reported essentially a 5% comp for all 3 months of the Q1. 
Robert Hull: Sure. So we talked about the first half being stronger than the second half. But we also talked about as the year progresses, our 2-year comparisons, 2-year stack progressively increasing. So you heard the guys just talk about a lot of work the team is doing to improve our offering, our execution to the customer. Robert talked about the modestly improving environment for home improvement. So we do recognize that we are going against tougher comparisons. But on balance, the macro should be more constructive as the year progresses relative to 2014. So we're still confident with our plan for 2015, our ability to execute against that plan. 
Robert Hull: Not quite fair. I think I would say that our outlook has modestly decelerated comps, Q1 to Q2 to Q3 to Q4 and somewhat reflects the tougher comparison from last year. But as I said, we do expect the 2-year stack to modestly improve as we progress throughout the year as well. 
Robert Hull: So a couple of things, Greg. First, we were modestly below our sales plan. We improved the flow-through relative to our expectations. So the earnings came in on plan. Still we accrued, generally speaking, on target for bonus for Q1. However, as Mike indicated, we had record performance from our customer satisfaction scores. So the approved -- the only aspect of plan that was above --  the only aspect above us -- that was above plan was the customer-focus program for the store associates. The majority of deleverage came because of the softness last year. Because of the dramatic performance below plan last year, it caused us to unwind some bonus accruals. So coming into the year, we had anticipated having deleverage in Q1. That's one of the pressures I've talked about on the Q4 call is we would have some bonus deleverage in Q1. It was a little bit higher than expected because of the record customer service scores that were recorded. 
Robert Hull: So Seth, as I said to the earlier question, a lot of it was driven to discrete weather across the country, not just Northeast, where we saw some seasonal pressure. That was for a couple of weeks towards the end of the month. However, we have seen trends improve in the seasonal categories in those geographies. So no real concern from opportunity to hit the Q2 and the 2015 outlook. 
Robert Hull: So we did see a pretty strong performance, 7.7% comp is good performance for big ticket that were driven by OPE and appliances. We also saw some good movement across all -- moving up across all categories in ticket size. So we're really not disappointed at all with the big-ticket performance in the first quarter. Obviously, there's a lot more momentum in Q4 last year that drove all categories higher but certainly not disappointed with the big-ticket performance in Q1. 
Robert Hull: So the -- we do plan to issue incremental debt during the course of the year as we manage to the 2.25x target. So our outlook goes to contemplate managing up to that target relative to the 2.11 we finished the first quarter to achieve $3.8 billion. That was our guided target. We'll continue to assess that as the year progresses, but that's where we sit today. 
Robert Hull: Yes. So we're targeting roughly similar growth that we saw in Q1, 15 to 20 basis points improvement for the year in inventory turn improvement. 
Michael Jones: Yes. There were a couple of articles, some articles out around 2 issues. One was relating to formaldehyde, in particular -- with one particular partner. What we did, in essence, was we took -- we put the products from that particular partner on hold. And we're going ahead and we'll review the certifications. All of our partners are required to give us certification. We're reviewing the certification and making sure that there aren't any issues. And so we'll work through that. As we look at our portfolio, we're very comfortable that we don't have issues. Our vendors are largely U.S. They've all certified with us that there are no issues. So we're very, very comfortable that we're in a pretty good place on this. And as we said, there was no issues relative to flooring going in the quarter.  With respect to phthalates, the other concern that was raised on vinyl flooring specifically, more than 90% of our virgin vinyl flooring today is phthalate-free. We'll move that to 100% by year end. And again, we're comfortable that there's no big issues. And as we work with our vendor partners and we continue to scrub this, they're not finding any issues as well. So we don't see any impact on the quarter. And frankly, our flooring business continues to do well. And our reviews with our vendor partners continues to give us the kind of expected results that we expect. 
Michael Jones: Sure, a couple of things. We talked towards the middle of last year of making sure that our promotional cadence was aligned with what we saw in the market. In addition to that, we have more space dedicated to the appliance category than certainly most, if not all, of our competitors. And we offer the full way of brands. And so we like our position to go after market share in appliances. We've done a couple of things. We continue to launch exclusive and innovative products, like the Frigidaire Pro series that we've talked about. That's a home channel exclusive. And we also put in kitchen vignettes so that customers can walk in and see full vignettes of appliances and shop the different brands, looking at the -- how a kitchen would look, be it a recently remodeled kitchen or an existing kitchen with full vignettes. And we've seen a couple of things coming from that. First, our appliance sales remained strong, double digit both this quarter and last quarter. We've also seen an expansion of number of appliances per ticket. And so we feel real good about our position in the appliance business. We feel real good about our initiatives and we feel real good about the support our vendor partners continues to give us to ensure that we retain the #1 position in appliances. 
Michael Jones: There's been a number of changes over the last, let's say, 2 years. I think the team is working through them well. We don't spend a lot of time talking about some of the new tools that have been deployed, like space planning, some of the workflow tools for our planning and review process, some of the improvements in pricing tools that get to mark-down optimization and promotional management, the efficient item assortment tools. I mean, we've rolled out a number of tools in the merchandising space that make the merchants certainly more data-driven as well as more effective. When you couple that with our approach to go after more of that Pro business, that's also facilitated the need for the merchants to do somethings very different, a different look on how we approach brands relative to national brands versus private label brands and those categories that lean very heavily to Pro. We're doing a lot of things very different. Here's how I answer that. I think you see a difference in our stores. I think our merchants and our vendor partners are excited about the changes that we've made. I think they like the success that we see in growth. And I think they're working through it well. I'm very proud of how the merchants have digested this. I'm equally as proud at how much support we've gotten from our vendor partners as we continue to work through these changes. 
Michael Jones: Yes. I'd just add that we're really not disappointed at Q1. We knew that we had to get through a transition. We're through to transition. We -- the national advertising campaign is kicking in. We're actually very optimistic about it in the back half of the year. 
Michael Jones: So I'll just talk to the merchandising divisional performance. So if you think about the ones that were above the average, appliances, outdoor power equipment, seasonal living, they were extremely strong, I mean, well into double digits, very, very strong. We had a couple that we felt real good about that don't show up in the above-average, tools and hardware flooring, millwork, kitchens, as an example, were great performers. I think where we saw pressure was primarily in paint and lumber and building material. And so lumber and building material, we understand that there certainty was a bit of a weather impact. We can track that one back. Paint, we saw pressure, but we expected it as we worked through the transition. 
Michael Jones: And then just as an example, some of the categories where we're seeing strength, we certainly saw it in the appliance business as I mentioned. We see it in cabinets. As an example, by having the kitchen suites that are now in the stores sitting next to cabinets, as customers start to engage in some of those remodel projects in the kitchen, it's easier for them to shop at our stores and pull that project together. We saw strength in areas of flooring as well. And so we're pretty optimistic on how the customer is engaging with us to continue to execute and do those kitchen projects. I think -- and I don't know if you're going to talk to the project specialists' performance as well, Rick, which is also a good indicator. 
Michael Jones: I don't want to talk to a competitor. What I would say is that our flooring business performed very well. And when we look at the categories under flooring, we did see strength in laminate. We saw good performance in tile. And there was a little bit of pressure that we saw in carpet. And we're always sensitive to watching carpet because we have a very strong carpet offering, in particular with our STAINMASTER, which is an exclusive brand. 
Michael Jones: Yes, I can talk to that, Budd. The appliances, outdoor power -- it's a simple math. The appliances, outdoor power equipment and seasonal living are up extremely strong compared to the -- where the average is. And we looked at this a couple of times as well. If the appliances, outdoor power equipment and seasonal living weren't in strong, strong double digit like we have, then the spread wouldn't be as broad as it is. When we go through each of the divisional performances and we look at which ones fell just below the average as a result of the strength that we saw in the above-average, as I said earlier, tools and hardware, flooring, kitchens and millwork did extremely well, extremely, extremely well. And then where we saw real pressure was in paint and lumber and building materials specifically. So I wouldn't be worried about the spread. I think for us, the bigger question was could we take in this much of the appliance business and outdoor power equipment business and still manage to a flat gross margin? And we're very comfortable that we're able to take in that much market share and hold gross margin about flat. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Jason, this is Rick. Early on, we continue to get good feedback from the site. We've gone through the actual soft launch of that site on May 5. Currently, we have done no incremental marketing to the site. So what we're seeing is the gravitation of normal traffic to it. But we've been very pleased with the organic search and the organic growth of the site. It will continue to generate more awareness and more traffic as we continue to move throughout Q2. But so far, we've been extremely pleased with the interaction to the site, the number of registrations to the site and the activity. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Eric, this is Rick. A couple of things, as we looked at dot-com sales for the quarter, they grew 25.5%. On a comp basis, Q1 traffic was up double digits to the site. And our conversion rate improved as well from an overall perspective for the quarter. The great thing was we saw both traffic at double-digit rates every month of the quarter and improvement in conversion for every month of the quarter. A few things that we continue to do, Mike talked about the new paint configuration tool that was launched to help customers visualize paint in their home. We made several other strategic changes to the site throughout the quarter as we continued to look for ways to improve the site, along with the filtering process, improving better filtering and better search terms.  We also introduced 3 other aspects to the site. We introduced new 360 product views to about 11,500 of our highest-viewed items, which gives customers the complete view of the item across all aspects. We also introduced product videos to 214 different items that enhance the video capabilities of the customer to actually see the site, see the item and actually interact with it to a greater degree. And then we also enhanced the images to 9,400 items on the site in the quarter as well to make sure that we did showcase the product in a much better way to the customer. So extremely pleased with the growth that we saw during the quarter, most pleased with the improvement in conversion, which I believe is the result of the improved search terms, filtering and the incremental adds to product content that we've made to the site during the quarter. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Eric, this is Rick. I would just add from a store perspective that you look at many of these initiatives, they've been ongoing for some time now over the last 3 years. And I give Dennis Knowles and the store teams a tremendous amount of credit for the number of hours that we've invested in training our associates over the past 2 years on the utilization of these tools and what these sets mean to our stores. So you mentioned LowesForPros.com. You think about the Pro, it's really been a 3-year journey of implementing brands, implementing inventory levels, implementing processes and organizational design, and then the addition of LowesForPros, which is the last component of that. So from a store perspective, there's been a tremendous investment in training, communication and dialogue to make sure that we're able to execute these programs as they rolled out. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Dan, this is Rick. I'll start. As we look at the quarter, we continue to optimize our labor to our customer traffic, extremely pleased with the stores and what they were able to do in the quarter. We hired approximately 51,000 employees in the quarter. And during that transition, we were also, as Bob said, able to record customer satisfaction scores across our stores during that timeframe. Productivity increased, from a sales per hour perspective increased 4%, driving the 10 basis points of leverage. We continue to look for ways to optimize the store labor model to traffic as well as to maximize any of our nonselling areas and make sure that we're doing everything we can to drive productivity from those areas and put those hours back to the sales floor. We looked at, of course, our delivery productivities. We're seeing improvement there. We're seeing improvement in capability builds, the technologies that we're deploying and through the scheduling process as we continue to match our customer hour -- our employee hours to customer traffic. So those things, I think, are really helping us from a productivity standpoint, a staffing optimization standpoint, continue to maximize hours on the sales floor to meet the customer traffic to drive continued improvement in close rates during those peak times of day. 
Rick Damron: Yes. And Seth, I'd just add one thing, too. As we continue to look at the quarter especially for the North, as Mike said in his opening comments, we staggered our Black Friday events. So our Black Friday events in the North and Upper North actually moved into Q2 this year, not Q1. So that's some of the things that we're realizing as well in Q1. 
Rick Damron: Yes. As we say, Judy, the interiors -- or services business grew above the company average for the quarter. So we still see continued strength across our services business. In particular, we continue to see our exteriors and interiors programs work extremely well, which benefits from the experience creation that we're doing across categories. And I think one of the big things that Mike and Robert highlighted is again it's important to understand as we talk about suites, we're not talking about extended cabinet space, we're talking about how we display the appliances together in the appliance department and putting together the appliance, the range, the dishwasher, the microwave into a set, where they're actually showcased together versus being spread across the appliance department, which makes it easier for the customer to visualize that set in their home. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Budd, this is Rick. We continue to be very pleased with our performance in Pro, as Pro has continued to respond to our value statement, our 5 Ways to Save, as we continue to get the great brands into our stores and continue to get those areas working for us, we still see great performance. When you look at Pro, it was in line with the company from a total sales perspective. We still see solid growth in applications for credit, which to me is a leading indicator of the strength of the category and what we're doing. So we still saw solid growth from that. As well as when you look at both ticket ranges as well as comps by ticket size, the Pro categories grew at positive performance across all ticket sizes and all ticket ranges. So we continue to be very pleased with the performance of Pro, especially as they continue to respond to our initiatives and our brand offering. But overall, it was still in line with the company performance. 
