Marshall Croom: Yes, I'll take the top line first. This is Marshall. Basically, as we think about our sales progression and comps, we would slightly expect sales to be higher in the first half of the year. As you recall, first quarter was our easiest comparison as we head into '18. So first half sales will be slightly higher than second half. As far as capital expenditures and expenses throughout the year, we'll be leaning that throughout the year. But we do expect, as we've managed to stabilize gross margin, that not only the capital investments but the expense associated with some of these initiatives will put pressure on SG&A. 
Marshall Croom: Yes, it's largely a function of the holiday sales that we experienced. So as we mentioned, we were pleased with appliance sales growth. A majority of our appliance sales are scheduled to be delivered, they're not take with. As a result, a lot of those sales over Black Friday and that holiday period were delivered in December, and it's not until they're delivered or customer takes possession that we recognize that revenue. So that created some lumpiness of the 1.1% comp in November to the 7.7% in December. 
Marshall Croom: Yes, Brian, there's another way to think about it. If you look at the comp progression, not including the impact of deferred sales, it was roughly kind of mid-3% comp in November and January and roughly mid-4% comp in December. 
Marshall Croom: Eric, this is Marshall. Just one other factor for fourth quarter gross margins. As we were going through our integration process with RONA, we did have some accounting harmonization that impacted gross margin in the quarter. So that was just another small factor for the pressure we experienced there. To your second question on the incremental capital that we plan to spend in 2018 as a result of tax reform, about 85% of that we will be investing in 2018. So we recognize this is an opportunity. And largely, where we're spending that, as you think about our capital expenditures going from roughly $1.1 billion in '17, $1.7 billion in '18, 45% of that $1.7 billion will be on the strategic initiatives. That's almost triple of what we spent in 2017. So again, the opportunity to lean into the omnichannel capabilities that we need to build to expand customer reach and relevancy and to further drive the 6 planks that Richard spoke to earlier. 
Marshall Croom: I'll just reinforce that we had double-digit comps in appliances and feel good that the combination of our messaging, our assortment, our brand partnerships and our product offering continue to resonate very, very well with customer. We are the leader in that space and continuing to drive leverage as a result of that leadership position with fantastic displays and great, engaged associates. So I continue to see runway in the appliance space as we lean into that market opportunity that exists. 
Marshall Croom: Yes, it's 45% of the total $1.5 billion (sic) [ 1.7 billion ]. The 85% was referenced to kind of the proportion of the tax reform benefits that we're going to see in 2018. 
Marshall Croom: Yes, with a lot of these programs and our initiatives, there are expense components to deliver some of the strategic initiatives that we do have going on in 2018. So that's just noted pressure that we would expect in SG&A. 
Marshall Croom: There is no significant change as part of this was just due to timing. Kind of comparing this year to last year, we're still looking at terms and where it makes sense to extend terms where we can. But it's all part of the balance that we have. With our Value Improvement process and ongoing vendor negotiations, we do expect to improve that in '18. But it was just really a matter of timing of some of the seasonal build and buy towards the end of the year. 
Marshall Croom: Not at this point in time. We'll always kind of factor in that net-net what we think is beneficial for us and beneficial for our ongoing relationships with the vendors. 
Marshall Croom: Yes. First and foremost, as we think about our capital allocation philosophy is to first invest strategically in the business to maintain RONA and improve and enhance the business. So that is always going to be the first pillar. So one is we're reflecting on where we were in the marketplace, the initiatives we need to get underway, this provided a good backdrop to be able to enhance and ramp and accelerate our capital investment as we lean into 2018. 
Marshall Croom: Correct. Accelerating, actually it was about 85% of the tax reform benefit that we're going to see in '18 that is helping fuel the incremental CapEx. But yes, we would have accelerated the CapEx spend to get after our strategic initiatives. 
Marshall Croom: Yes, we should be cycling from a gross margin standpoint as we anniversary the acquisition. We did have some -- just again some minor cleanup that put some pressure in the fourth quarter. But we are in a good trajectory to doubling the profitability of RONA -- or Canada by 2021. 
Marshall Croom: It was just slightly higher in the first half. But from a capital expense standpoint, again, we are trying to accelerate our investments throughout the year. 
Marshall Croom: I'm going to pile on for more comment. I just want to make it clear that the leadership team is aligned and focused on areas that we highlighted on the call. You think about stabilizing gross margin, improving conversion, improving inventory management, along with getting after from the 6 strategic planks. So I think that's just something that I do want to reemphasize and that we are working with a sense of urgency along all of those fronts. 
Marshall Croom: Yes, at this point in time, we're giving the high level of sales growing at least 4% of the total shareholder distributions, sticking to the $14 billion there and then just really the improvement of operating margin from 2018 levels, we expect those to improve from where we're setting that target in '18. That being said, we do plan on updating longer-term guidance when we get to our December investor and analyst conference. 
Richard Maltsbarger: And Brian, as noted during my comments, this is Richard, a few of the nationwide rollouts that we have such as the paint service experience as well as some enhancements to the digital tools in the hands of our associates are backloaded. 
Richard Maltsbarger: This is Richard. The reality is over the last couple of weeks, I've had the opportunity to go into stores across 5 different states, speak directly with our associates, understand some of the challenges that are happening in our aisles every day. And the emphasis I would put on are a few areas. First and foremost, it's really the mix of our selling and tasking hours. How do we go about getting the work done in our stores every day to enable our Red Vest associates to be in front of the customer when it's time to serve? Second focus we have on, as Robert noted, is having the labor hours in the stores necessary, having associates ready through our training and our knowledge programs to be ready to serve is just as necessary. So reinvestments and actions that we are taking right now during spring hiring to bolster that area. Third, reengineering some of our key processes. As noted in my comments and Robert's, our pick-up-in-store experience, as an example, we have an upgraded experience both in the physical layout as well as in the staffing and training model going out in Q1 as well as to Robert's comment on centralized quoting, an opportunity to speed up our process by centralization and greater support for our in-store associates to allow them more time to serve the customers that are with them every day. And then finally, upgrading our digital management tools, giving a chance for our associates to get more productive with the hours that we invest in the tasking. So when you look across those investments, from the mix of tasking to selling, to our associate readiness, to reengineering key processes, to better empowering our associates with the right tools, those are some of the initial focus areas as we move into the year. 
Richard Maltsbarger: Absolutely. As I just noted, the challenges we've had for conversion have steadily been a challenge as we moved throughout the year. In fact, it really is an opportunity. As we have grown the traffic, we know that the customer is interested in our offer. There is the demand for what we're bringing to the marketplace. Really, the conversion challenge has grown as the traffic has grown. We have begun to address it in the steps that we had to take necessarily in the payroll action in the back half of the year. And now it is simply a matter of ensuring that our associates are more ready to field that traffic. 
Richard Maltsbarger: The biggest focus that has come from my conversations with our teams in the field right now is greater role clarity and greater understanding of who's going to field, what particular aspects of the project cycle and being able to improve the execution of that. 
Richard Maltsbarger: Absolutely, Matt. This is Richard. I'll talk about some of the actions we're taking to manage inventory and then allow Mike if he wants to weigh in further with any estimated impact. But as noted in our guidance, right, we are going to focus on the improvement of our inventory management. We believe we've made the investments in the inventory, in our system to support the strong sales growth we're seeing in categories such as appliances and tools, right? Now the onus is on me as I get into the role to continue working with our teams to understand what changes in the flow of our supply chain, what changes in the interactions between our supply chain and our stores and what changes in specifically having inventory in a shop-able position for customers when they come in to demand the purchase are necessary to continue to manage at roughly a flat to slightly up inventory that is less than our rate of sales growth during 2018. 
Richard Maltsbarger: Yes, absolutely. Mike, this is Richard. We leverage video analytics in the tracking of movement of customers into our stores and measure that up against the transactions that we are able to execute through our registers and the rest of our activities with customers. 
Richard Maltsbarger: Greg, this is Richard. Not being too far removed from the old job yet. RONA was not a significant improvement operating margin in 2017 nor was it planned to be. However, 2018 is when we begin to see more significant movement on the operating margin. 
Richard Maltsbarger: Michael, all I'd add to that is several of the things that we talked about, investing further into the back half of the year for nationwide rollouts. So we've had under test over the past several months or weeks to be able to get the early signs of success. And that really is the approach that we're going to take. A great example is the pickup in the store experience that's currently rolling out in Q1. We've actually had that and a team dedicated to that since last August, testing in a handful of stores, slowly going to a greater level of investment and iterating along the way to ensure that we're getting the maximum value out of the investment we're going to make prior to going to a nationwide rollout. In fact, the iteration that is going to currently rollout is the fourth iteration of that test already in the past 6 months in order to make sure that we're maximizing the return from all components, the physical space change, the training of the associates, the shift in the processes, the reengineering of how we do that and the dedicated labor before we decided to take it to a nationwide rollout during the latter part of March and April. 
Michael McDermott: Eric, this is Mike McDermott. I'll touch on the gross margin question. In the fourth quarter, we meaningfully exceeded our expectations in the appliance category, growing significant market share. As a result of that, that had an impact on both our mix and our rate from a margin perspective. The other thing we did, as you recall, in the second quarter of 2017, we focused on getting more competitive and improving our value perception to make sure that we could take advantage of the available market opportunity. Those actions continued in the fourth quarter, and yet were only partially offset by our Value Improvement initiatives working closely with our vendors on first cost and some early price optimization benefits as we're in early innings of rolling out analytics tools and capabilities to drive that optimization. As we look into the new year, I think we're in a solid competitive position. We continue to offset the impact of any competitive pricing actions through the rollout of those tools that I mentioned a moment ago. And we'll continue to work on Value Improvement with our vendors, ultimately delivering flat gross margin in 2018. 
Michael McDermott: Eric, look, when I take a look at incremental spend, I look at both price as well as traffic. And we had some incredible performance as it relates to our efforts to improve our customer awareness as well as drive traffic and engagement through that awareness through optimizing our marketing spend and better balancing our digital and mass media approach, make sure we're engaging customers at the right time with the right content. As it relates to both promotional and pricing spend, we simply have to be competitive and that is our focus. The opportunity to continue to drive optimization is what we see ahead of us in 2018. 
Michael McDermott: Matt, this is Mike McDermott. Obviously, we have seen gross margin decline throughout 2017. Most of the actions we put in place started in the second quarter of '17. So we're going to have the ability to lap those activities. We've been working to optimize throughout the year to improve our promotional effectiveness and reduce our spend while continuing to drive traffic. We've seen pretty good results in the third and the fourth quarter there. And then we've got some new tools really focused on price and promotional optimization that give us the ability to offset any inflation impacts that we're experiencing, primarily in the lumber and building materials space, while at the same time, making sure that we remain competitive and minimize the spend to do so. Value Improvement is an ongoing initiative of us working closely with our vendor partners, make sure that we've got the most efficient and effective way to deliver value to our customers, moving from -- all the way through our supply chain to the prices and promotions that we offer to close the sale. So I think the combination of all of those activities give me confidence that we'll deliver flat gross margin in 2018. 
Robert Niblock: Eric, this is Robert. I would just add on that. I think we're pleased with the work that Mike and his team have done from a promotion standpoint, the additional traffic it's driven, the consumer awareness, those types of things. As Richard and I both outlined, opportunity is to take that traffic and drive greater conversion. That's what Richard and his team were working on in some of the strategic investments that he talked about was for focusing on investing in our associates to make sure that they have all the tools, the training, the capability, we have the right coverage for daypart hours, those type of things to ensure that we're then converting that traffic into sales. So that's a big focus area that we're -- that Richard and his team are focused on as we head into 2018. 
Robert Niblock: Chris, this is Robert. Just to clarify, it was not traffic that was down. It was transactions that were down. As I just indicated in my follow-up with Eric on earlier question, we're driving the traffic, it's the conversion of that into transactions. And as we mentioned, as Richard said in his comments, we put the labor there. We realized we've got to put more than just the labor there. So we've made the labor investments, now we need to make the incremental investments to ensure that we convert that traffic into transactions. 
Robert Niblock: And part of the sales is because if you think about -- we didn't have a strong spring last year or. So being in cycling year, slightly weaker numbers. 
Robert Niblock: See, I'll start, Michael. Certainly, you mentioned a couple of things, labor and promotions. I think if you look from the promotional aspect, I think we've been pleased with the investments we've made. As I said, driving the traffic, the brand awareness, those type of things. Certainly, as we mentioned, we have challenges from a conversion standpoint that we're working on. As Richard mentioned and he can further elaborate, we've made the investments in labor. Now it is going in and supplementing those investments that we've made with -- make sure we have the training, the tools, the other components that are necessary so that we have the associates in front of the customer when they are ready to buy. And Richard, I'll let you... 
Robert Niblock: And Michael, I would just add on to this. If you think about, one, the investments that we're making in the business. Two, some of the investments we made last year, as Richard has spoken, him and Mike are working together, diving into the investments we've made, trying to figure out how can we get better performance out of those and then ensuring as we're doing the test and learn before rollout, that they're working on as we head into 2018. Before we go out and commit to additional targets like that, when we get time for them to be able to continue to dive into the business, understand the opportunities for improvement and be in a position to really be prepared as we get to December to provide you guidance -- longer-term guidance that we think we'll have great confidence in. And so at this point, we just don't want to get ahead of ourselves. 
Robert Niblock: Absolutely, yes. We know that certainly, we've got some investments we've got to make in this. We talked about the supply chain investments we're making. We know that as the business has continued to move, consumer expectations have had moved. And so we've got investments for making in our supply chain, some of those will pay dividends in 2018. Some of them will be further into the future. But yes, absolutely, that's what we want to do is making sure that as we're investing in the business, have the right people in front of the customer at the right time, supporting that with supply chain, supporting it with technology that we're getting greater leverage points to be able to drive improved operating margin in the future. That's what we're after, focused on diving into that in '18 so that we can be in a good point to provide you exactly how we're going to get after and how -- where it's going to be delivered when we get to our analyst conference in December. Great. Thanks, Michael. As always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our first quarter 2018 results on Wednesday, May 23. Have a great day. 
