Robert Niblock: Good morning, and thanks for your interest in Lowe's. I'm pleased with our strong performance in the third quarter. Comparable sales were 5.1%, driven by an increase in comp average ticket of 3.4% and an increase in comp transactions of 1.7%. We saw balanced performance this quarter across our 3 business areas, building and maintenance, home decor and seasonal as all delivered comps within a tight range. We had positive comps in all 12 product categories with particular strength in fashion fixtures, kitchen appliances, millwork and outdoor power equipment.  Sales across the country were balanced as well, with all 3 divisions, the North, South and West, all generating comps in the mid-single digits. In fact, all 14 regions had positive comps. We saw continued strength in our Pro Services business, which outperformed the company average during the quarter, and I'm pleased to share that our team in Canada delivered double-digit comps in local currency for the sixth consecutive quarter.  We remain focused on improving our profitability even while investing in key capabilities to drive sales growth. For the quarter, we drove 81 basis points of operating margin expansion and earnings per share of $0.59, a 25.5% increase over last year's third quarter.  Delivering on our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, in the quarter, we repurchased $900 million of stock and paid $229 million in dividends.  We're pleased with our performance in the third quarter and continue to be cautiously optimistic about the home improvement landscape. Disposable personal income and revolving credit usage, which are key drivers of discretionary consumer spending, appear to be improving above the relatively weak trends experienced during most of the recovery to date and the consumer is also benefiting from lower interest rates and falling fuel prices. Existing home sales remain on a modest uptrend and the latest reading on the broadest measure of home price growth, FHFA, improved modestly from last quarter, suggesting home price appreciation in small to midsized markets continues, which bodes well for consumers in Lowe's footprint. These positive trends align with recent consumer confidence readings and the results of our third quarter consumer sentiment survey, which revealed that homeowners' views around personal finances and home values continue to improve. In fact, confidence in both local and national housing markets increased to prerecession highs this quarter. In addition to the improving sentiment, homeowners disclosed that now, more than any time since 2006, they are looking to invest in their homes. And while most consumers' planned projects are still small ticket, we are seeing a rise in big-ticket projects, which is encouraging. Continued improvement in the macroeconomic landscape, together with our strengthening execution, strategic priorities and keen focus on productivity and flow-through give us confidence in our business outlook for 2014. I would like to thank our more than 260,000 employees for their efforts in achieving this quarter's strong results and for their unwavering commitment to serving customers while we further transform our business model. We look forward to sharing our long-term vision for the business at our Analyst and Investor Conference on December 11.  Thanks, again, for your interest. And with that, let me turn the call over to Mike. 
Robert Niblock: So Dan, it was primarily big-ticket categories doing better in the quarter. As Mike talked about, strength in OPE with the performance in appliances, flooring and millwork. As it relates to inflation, deflation, we did see inflation in lumber, but that was largely offset by deflation in OSB boards and copper. So essentially, no net inflation impact on the quarter. 
Robert Niblock: Mike, this is Robert. I think, as we look across the business, I will really attribute our strong performance to the internal initiatives that we've been working on, combined with the strengthening macro backdrop. As I talked about in my comments, the FHFA numbers continue to improve, which means that you're seeing improvement in home values in the small and midsized markets, which, I think, as I said, lines up well with our footprint. So we're focused on our strategic priorities. And I think, if you look at, to your direct question, probably 90-plus percent of our stores are in close proximity to the competition, so we wouldn't have seen anything noticeable by trying to carve that out so... 
Robert Niblock: Dave, I'll start. Well, first of all, when we think about comparing the business all the way back to 2005, certainly it's a dramatically different environment today: one, from the overall macro environment, how strong housing was back then and [indiscernible]. But then, two, this whole omni-channel world that we're in today. So it's -- so the customer -- our growth focus is we've got a great footprint of stores out there that is the nucleus of where we're going with our strategy, but we're building on that with, obviously, our own -- improving our online capabilities, capabilities through our contact center for those who want to talk directly with an agent or through in the home where we've got project specialists exteriors in all markets we're rolling out our PSI program, which is capitalizing on a recovering housing market. So I think all of those things set us up somewhat different from where we were back in 2005. One of the other things that we'll talk about, as Mike alluded to in his comments, is we also think that brands are important, particularly with our Pro initiative and so that is a focal point the teams have been working on to ensure that we have the right brands ready in the store to resonate with the Pro customer and I think that will also help us improve in those metrics as well. So... 
Robert Niblock: Well, I think it'll be significant because, I think, today -- in today's world, with where we're at from a technology and a customer expectation standpoint, I don't think you're going to be relevant if you don't have a website that, one, is functional feasible from the consumer's standpoint, but also well connected to your other channels of business. That's why we're after an -- it's not just multiple channels, but it's an omni-channel where these work together because that really gets back to being able to be there and meet the customer whenever and wherever they choose to engage in a simple and seamless manner. That's what we believe our customers are looking for. So even though it may be a small percentage of it that actually transacts online, it's heavily induced by people starting their research online. Like 80% or 90% of people that start on mobile, there's only -- there are only about 10% of them conclude a transaction there, but they are looking for what's available in-store when they're visiting you. 
Robert Niblock: And Scot, this is Robert. When you think -- it kind of dovetail into our last question when you think about competition. Yes, there might have been consolidation, there may be fewer just dedicated Pro lumber and building material yards than there were before the downturn, but also think about technology and how that's changed. How for example, online and the availability now of being able to interact with the DIY or Pro customer online so that -- that's why we're focused on launching our LowesForPros.com because, yes, it may be different, but it's still a competitive market. 
Robert Niblock: Correct, and that's why obviously we'll continue to have plans to invest funds in those areas. So... 
Robert Niblock: It virtually added nothing to comps for the quarter. We think about the size of the business, technically it was only in the comp base for 2 months that, really, with or without Orchard to comp, our number would not have changed, Laura. 
Robert Niblock: This is Robert, I'll start, Dave. When you think about Black Friday, when you think about the holiday season, we think we're in great shape with the inventory already landed and either in our stores or in our distribution networks. Certainly, with what's going on with ports on the West Coast, keeping a close eye on it. Our team is heavily focused on that and working to develop contingency plans based on how that situation unfolds going forward. We've been through this before and so it may cost more to get the freight in, but we'll do what we need to as we think about looking ahead to spring. And keep in mind, when you think about our network of distribution centers, our distribution centers aren't just for cross-docking, they also hold inventory. So that gives us great flexibility, as product is landed, to go ahead and bring it in either in our import centers or in our distribution centers, to have it available then to push out to our stores. So we're in great shape as we head into Black Friday into the holiday season this year. Yes, there has been a little bit of pressure when you think about higher costs from driver availability and stuff like that, but fortunately, with lower fuel prices, that's helped to offset some of that costs to what we've experienced to date. 
Robert Niblock: Peter, this is Robert. I'll start and let the others add in. But when you think about it, as we talk about the Pro and the Pros that generally we target that shop our stores, they're generally buying across the store. So you generally are not seeing a significant difference in the baskets -- on margin rate on the basket with what they're buying versus what our typical DIY customer would be purchasing. 
Robert Niblock: Well, I think, I'll start, Brian, and then I'll maybe get Mike Jones to jump in. Certainly, as we continue to improve the way we go to market, even improving things like website functionality and the website search and those type of things, now we're making sure that when the customer's in the market to buy an appliance, we're in the top in their consideration set. And still a majority of the appliances -- or a significant amount of the appliances that we sell are still replacement of an appliance that's in a distressed situation. So being there at the right time. But you also know that as the remodeling market is coming back with consumers going to put in a new kitchen, we also -- when they put in the kitchen, we'll sell the appliances as well. So the thing about a lot of our targeted efforts, whether that's our PSI program and those types of things, that are really working on a better -- in a more effective way with the consumer in improving their home, I think all of that helps us how to have the right products, the right brands, making sure that we're there when the customer needs us on a omni-channel basis I think helps in that we've got all the key brands out there, as Mike indicated earlier in his comments. So I think it just positions us well given that the majority of customers that come in our store everyday are homeowners when it is time for an appliance, they're familiar with the brand. They know Lowe's and it sets us up well to continue to gain share with -- in the appliance industry. So... 
Robert Niblock: Eric, I'll start and then I'll get Mike to jump in. But yes, I think it's a lot of heavy lifting we've been doing over the past few years, past few quarters for this line review process whether it's the incremental inventory that we put in the stores, whether it's the customer experience work that we've been doing to bring better experiences, it's improvements that Mike and his team have been working on for the website to make a better experience, better connected and then just things like we just talked about earlier on in the call with the weekday team here. We launched those a couple of years ago. As people can get more experience, as we get their hours adjusted in the right part of the store at the right time to meet the consumers' needs, yes, it feels good, particularly, as we talked about, with the environment and home prices improving on a broader scale sets us up well for our footprint. And then some of the work that the team is doing to really focus more on the opportunity with that Pro customer. Yes, it does feel like we've got opportunity to continue to gain market share and to be able to deliver better performance. 
Robert Niblock: Well, as we -- I'll start and I'll let the others jump in. As I said in my comments is we see the consumer getting engaged in home and home improvement and their thoughts around the home, their confidence in both local and national housing market and the value of their homes improve, we are seeing continue to get engaged in taking on discretionary projects. Today, most of those are still in the smaller projects, which we label as $500 or less, but we did see an uptick versus same quarter last year and a willingness to take on larger projects, which we think bodes well going forward as we continue to see home values continue to improve and consumer finances continue to improve. So... 
Robert Niblock: Aram, this is Robert. I mean, momentum is a powerful thing. I think we've see a lot of bounce in people's steps. There are a lot of initiatives that we've been working on. There's been a lot of heavy lifting over the past couple of years all the way across the organization both in stores and the corporate offices. We repositioned the company to the more of an omni-channel environment, made some great strides and great improvements are starting to come together and you're seeing a lot of bounce in people's steps and a lot of wanting to deliver even better performance in the future. 
Robert Niblock: Aram, we've got it in a handful of locations. It's something that we'll continue to put on list to evaluate. But quite frankly, with all the other things that we had to get done over the past couple of years, we had other things that we thought were higher priority. And so it's something we'll continue -- it's on the list, we'll continue to evaluate it. It's something we may look at doing in a better way in the future. But as of today, we've not made any decisions regarding tool rental. Thanks. Again, as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our fourth quarter 2014 results on Wednesday, February 25. Have a great day. 
Michael Jones: Yes, we do expect to -- we think the impact of promotions in the fourth quarter will be pretty much as the same as it was in the third quarter, largely focused around appliances. 
Michael Jones: So if you think about our holiday decor experience, I talked to the fact that it starts online with Pinterest, it starts online at Lowes.com, it starts online with Vine to drive inspiration and then they come into the store. And likewise, you saw the same thing happen over the spring with our outdoor spring experience. 
Michael Jones: Yes, I don't know that I can say there's less competition. There's been some consolidation of some of the small local and regional players, but I don't know that I would think about the competitive set any different. The example I used was Henry coating in my address earlier where we have the right brands, where we have the right local -- we have the right inventory, where we have the right localization, we see growth. And so we're excited about it and we'll talk more about some of our Pro initiatives at the upcoming AIC meeting. 
Michael Jones: A couple of reasons. We spoke to being certainly promotional at the same level as our competitive set in the appliance business a few minutes ago. I like our footprint in appliances. I like the amount of space that we dedicated to the floor for appliances. We're proud of the fact that we have large stores and so we can dedicate space to appliances and not have to detract space from other important categories like cabinets that helps the consumer pool the entire project together. And I like our brands. I also like the fact that, as we think about building out better experiences, we own that appliance experience with our customer all the way through to the last [indiscernible]. We deliver the appliances, we facilitate insulation, we really do own that experience. So we feel good about our position. We think that the way we're merchandising appliances, our partnerships with key brands like Bosch, Whirlpool, GE, Electrolux allows us to offer everything the consumers need. And it's an area that we're pretty well focused on. 
Michael Jones: Yes, and I'd add a couple of things to that. When you think about our ability to help the consumer put together their project by deploying our project specialists to their home. That's going to help us expand our relevance for customers that we have and gain some new customers. In addition to that, if you think about the way we're building up better experiences starting online going into the store, we think that also helps us both make the customers that we have more sticky as well as start to lean into some new customers. So we look at it -- we don't look at it as either/or, we look at it as we're going to go after both. 
Michael Jones: Yes, I'd agree. It's difficult to measure share. It's -- you've got [indiscernible]. You have to use a lot of different data to begin to have a perspective, but we also believe that we're gaining share. I'd add a couple of things. I think our associates have done a phenomenal job. They're energized, they're engaged and they're meeting the needs of our customers and so we're so appreciative of what they do. Our outdoor selling teams, our Pro teams, are doing a phenomenal job. The project specialists continue to do a fantastic job. But to Robert's point, our initiatives are really starting to get good traction. We talked about sales and operations planning, where we started to plan out the upcoming selling season 6 months to a year in advance that helps to make sure that we have the inventory we need, so we meet the customers' needs. We talked about our better utilization of our larger stores, which we believe to be a distinct competitive advantage where we can show products like our Innovations and our Innovation End Caps. And I don't want to miss our vendor partnerships. So, so critical. We've got great vendor partnerships that are bringing us innovations and first-to-markets and working with us to make sure that we have the right brand portfolio to meet both the needs of the Pro as well as the need of other do-it-yourself customers. So a lot of things going well. I know that in your shops, Eric, you've heard lots of things from our merchandising team and how engaged they are and they're doing a phenomenal job as well. So just a lot of things going well and we're proud of the teams. 
Michael Jones: This is Mike Jones. First of all, from a Value Improvement perspective, we view this as the way we work. So it's not something that will be done. We're going to continue to use that process to continue to work with our vendor partners to create more value for our customers. So we've gone through round 2 this year and made great progress. And I can believe when we finish around 2, there will be a round 3, followed by round 4, followed by round 5. So as we continue to look at our business, we continue to find opportunities where there's [indiscernible] to partner with our vendor partners, to take out more costs, quite frankly, both from our side and from their side and deliver more value to our customers. So this, to me, this is not a -- it's not a one and done. We'll be doing this in perpetuity. 
Robert Hull: Yes, so Dan, the targeted promotions were largely matching competitor offers. Nothing initiated by Lowe's in the quarter. We do expect a similar promotional cadence Q4 relative to Q3. Impact probably less than Q3 as a result of the industry largely going to full promotions for the month of November, primarily in appliances. So roughly a 25 basis point impact in Q3, probably a 15 basis point impact in Q4. So less drag in Q4. 
Robert Hull: So Michael, we've made investment in weekday teams in 2013 and really worked to optimize those beginning second half of '13 into 2015. If you look at last year, we actually had some modest payroll deleverage, Q3 2013, which drove some outsized leverage Q3 this year. We've got some good tools in place that allow us to continue to optimize payroll. We do expect further leverage in Q4 and into 2015, but probably not to the same degree we saw in the third quarter. 
Robert Hull: So we have seen improvement in conversion rates. It's really everything we've been doing for DIYs and Pros as it relates to the payroll investment. I noted the inventory investment last year, the line review process that we went through with Value Improvement to really get rooted in the products that the customer cares about. We saw a roughly 100 basis point improvement in conversion rate in the third quarter. 
Robert Hull: Don't have the exact quantification. As Mike spoke of, OPE was in the mid-teens from a comp perspective. Appliances was above the company average. So both were certainly drivers, Seth. If you look at tickets above $900, that's going to be about $500 comp goes up a little higher than 9%. So certainly, big ticket was driver of the comp in the quarter led by the categories we spoke about previously. 
Robert Hull: I think as we spoke about earlier last year, it was kind of Black November from an appliance perspective. So the -- while the level of intensity will be more consistent, the impact will be muted because we're comping against efforts for last year. Therefore, I think we will see more balanced performance. We do see continued strength in OPE, but probably not to the degree we saw in Q3. So we'd expect a little bit more balanced performance across the categories in Q4. 
Robert Hull: So for the year, we expect the gross margin to be roughly consistent with where we are to date. The 2, 3 quarters of performance felt at the last year, the lion's share of expansion is going to come from expense leverage. As you've heard us talk, we're really focused on driving productivity and flow-through, so good expense productivity. We'll see even more of that in the fourth quarter, driving productivity. We talked about payroll. We'll leverage bonus expense in the quarter. We also had some impairment in Q4 last year we don't expect to recur this year, so we'll have some healthy expense leverage in the fourth quarter. 
Robert Hull: Yes, we believe so. So we think back to where we've been over the past number of years with the focused initiative we saw on stabilizing the revenue then shifting gears towards productivity and profitability. So we're in that phase of focus on productivity and profitability. We expect 2015 hopefully looks a lot like 2014. We're in the throes of developing our plans for 2015. Like 2014 we hope to grow comps with flattish payroll hours and flat inventory dollars. We'll give you more details on 2015 on the Q4 call in February. 
Robert Hull: Certainly. So that's been part of the plan all along. That's what we've not wavered from the 9.7% is we need to grow both top line and our productivity. We are getting better flow-through now as you suggested, Mike, in the 25 to 30 basis point range. We'd like to see that towards hopefully towards the high end of that range in 2015, but again more to come. 
Robert Hull: The average Pro spend is probably in the $2,000 range. As Robert indicated, they're buying across the store. There's a healthy margin mix and we feel good about the game plan that serve the Pros. 
Robert Hull: Yes, so Brian, we're off to a great start. In fact, we're very impressed with our results thus far. But it's still very early in the quarter and there is weather risk in January. So at this point, we're comfortable with the guidance we provided thus far. 
Robert Hull: So Eric, what I'd say is that we guide to EBIT because there's pushes and pulls with margin and expenses. We want to manage the business with flexibility to respond to competitive actions. We want to have a flexibility to manage our initiatives and put our initiatives in place. So I'm not sure that the mindset's necessarily different, Eric. We certainly expect to have both gross margin improvement and SG&A leverage. It just so happens we're identifying a lot of productivity opportunities that happen to be expense-related at this juncture. As the merchant teams go through round 2 and round 3 of Value Improvement, there are still opportunities to bring value to the consumer. As Mike discussed parts with our vendors, we think there's additional gross margin opportunities from that going forward. So it just so happens, at this juncture, we're seeing a little bit more opportunity from expense. 
Robert Hull: And then, Matt, I would add, just think about 400 line reviews and the average line review had 4 clusters, so just know we got 1,600 clusters, right? So there's an opportunity to continue to go back and refine the approach, dig into to the demographics, the customer data, the performance to continue to refine the sets. 
