Richard Maltsbarger: Sure. Absolutely, Seth. This is Richard, I'll actually take the question. To your question specifically, we have experienced a decline in close rate over the past year and we began to highlight that last year as part of our communications. And we certainly still have work to do. We've had early progress in the quarter, I'd like to talk to some of the elements that we've put into place and some of the actions that Mike and I and the rest of the leadership team have in place for the rest of the year. So first, in our call last quarter, we talked about a primary focus on associate readiness and development. Happy to say we came into the spring season the most ready for the season that we've been in recent memory, with both the associate staff and the readiness of their development under a program we call Red Vest Ready. The reality is that with the delayed spring, we didn't achieve all the benefit we expected from that early-season hiring. But thankfully, as the season has begun to spike over the past couple of weeks, we believe we've had the staff in place to take advantage, and it's helping to support the strong comps that we've experienced. The second area we're focusing on is reengineering key processes and activities, with a primary focus on being able to reallocate investments we make in nonselling labor to increase the percentage of that labor that can be on the floor serving the customer. A great example is what Mike covered with you in his earlier remarks where, during the quarter, we cross-trained approximately 17,000 associates, most of whom are nonselling associates, to be able to bring them to the floor during peak periods, such as intraday periods as well as key holidays like this weekend for Memorial Day to serve those customers by splitting the tasking behavior of mixing paint from a selling behavior of being in the aisle providing color expertise and project planning expertise to our customers where there are dedicated paint associates. Other activities that we've had under way include what Mike talked about in terms of tests of more prescriptive scheduling where, during the quarter, we executed several tests in select markets. Some of the benefits of those tests are now being rolled across the country as we set our staffing plans for Q2 and as we move through these holiday periods. However, as they've gotten into the first 100 days of their role, they didn't feel -- gotten the feedback from our store associates, been able to talk to many of our best customers. There are 2 additional areas in which Mike and I and the rest of the leadership team are taking action. The first is supply chain product flow, where we believe we've made the inventory investments necessary to have the depth and breadth in key categories like appliances and flooring and tools and hardware to serve both the Pro customer and our DIY customer. Our focus has now shifted to how do we optimize that flow to improve our service levels and to improve our in-stock percentages. As Mike noted, a key focus there is the movement of that good from our regional distribution center to our stores. The last area, as Mike noted, is he and I have led a deep dive into our high-touch selling categories during the quarter, with specific emphasis on flooring, millwork and kitchen, and identified ways in which we actually allow our selling associates to have more time in front of the customer. Central quoting is a great example of that. As Mike noted, the administrative burden passing to a central quoting team to allow our in-store project specialists to spend more time educating the customer, providing their project planning, helping them select their products and then turning over the finalization of the quote over to a team that specializes in doing this nonselling tasking activity. Ultimately, over time, Seth, it's going to take a combination of each of these different types of actions for us to improve conversion. We're confident from the early signs we've seen. We saw a great uptick in our customer satisfaction levels for in-store experience during Q1 and believe that we're on to the right set of work that we need to undertake to improve conversion over time. 
Richard Maltsbarger: No, Michael. Outside of the weather, the pattern that we saw in the conversion challenges of last year has stabilized in the Q1 period. And now the intensity of focus is on working our way back to improvement. 
Richard Maltsbarger: Okay. So I will say there, Greg, that we have had strong performance with the Pro but not yet ready to go beyond our 30% penetration number. 
Michael McDermott: Yes, the most significant impact to tickets under $50 could be tied to our lawn and garden and seasonal business. Certainly, weather had an impact on that performance. That's a significant transaction driver for us. And with our concentration of about 35% of our business in the first quarter, that was the primary driver there. 
Michael McDermott: I believe we're well positioned in smaller-ticket categories across a broad array of product categories in the business. Obviously, from a conversion perspective, we are focused on high-touch categories as we try and improve the customer experience from both inspiration all the way through to enjoyment. When I take a look at our overall value perception, our competitiveness, our product assortment, our balance of brands, I feel very good about the position we've got across the take-with categories. 
Michael McDermott: Yes, as Marshall highlighted, gross margin increased by 23 basis points. Revenue recognition provided 58 basis points to that benefit. Obviously, we're lapping the competitive actions we took in 2017, partially offset by continued Value Improvement activity as we work closely with our vendor partners to deliver value in the marketplace and reduce first cost. I'm really excited about the positive momentum I'm seeing, particularly around the installation of improved competitive analytics and pricing optimization tools. As we widen our visibility of the market, it gives us the ability to effectively manage the trade-offs required to both remain competitive and stabilize gross margin. And we saw a meaningful, sequential improvement in gross margin from fourth quarter to first quarter, and we'll continue that work to deliver against our commitment. 
Michael McDermott: Traffic continues to be positive for both our stores and Lowes.com. We continue to see positive yield from the start with Lowe's campaign, we're driving better awareness, great value perception, engagement and, ultimately, traffic. I think we're striking the right balance, the right allocation of digital and mass media. We're optimizing our spend and delivering targeted, personalized messages. So I think we're really connecting with the customer in a very positive macro environment. And we continue to engage customers with trusted brands, great values and promotions and a strong assortment. So a lot of things working for us on the traffic front right now. 
Michael McDermott: Yes. I would tell you that, Simeon, we continue to feel very good about our appliance business. Obviously, continued double-digit growth in that category. We're running something like 3x better than the industry and continuing to take share. I think we've got the best-in-class assortment and experience for our customers there. I also see some great, great progress in some Pro-related categories. Rough plumbing and electrical, for example. We continue to grow share. The water heater program with the new A. O. Smith brand continuing to gain momentum. Saw double-digit comp in electrical cable, thinking about a commodity that Pros would leverage as they do their work for customers. And expanded penetration with the plumbing and electrical Pro. Lumber and building materials, continued Pro growth there. Storm-related recovery demand and inflation is supporting some favorability in that space. And then positive improvement above the average in tools and hardware, the Pro being the biggest driver of that. So you start to hear the theme that the actions and investments that we're taking, and our associate engagement with the Pro is paying off. Key brands like Dewalt, Marshalltown, Norton abrasives, the recent launch of [ estoine ] striking tools, we really feel good that the double-digit comps in subcategories like tool storage and mechanics tools will continue to complement the launch of CRAFTSMAN. So they are the categories I'm feeling pretty good about and continuing to see great progress with our Pro customer base. 
Michael McDermott: Sure, Elizabeth. Paint, I think, had a significant weather impact. If you think about exterior stains and exterior paint in the first quarter, weather certainty hurt us there. When you think about flooring and kitchen, as Richard highlighted, we got a lot of work under way to improve our conversion rate in those categories, not just through the selling experience, but also managing our installer base and reducing time in phase from the moment a customer makes a selection until the moment they receive an install. So they are the areas of most significant focus, and kitchens and flooring certainly had been impacted as high-touch categories. 
Michael McDermott: So we continue to see positive improvement as it relates to moving more revenue under management of our new pricing optimization tools. So as I mentioned on prior calls, it does take time to code models to that strategic approach. And as we move those -- more and more of that revenue under management, we are optimistic about the results we're seeing and the benefits it's having to our gross margin. 
Michael McDermott: Yes, this is Mike again. Look, we had another strong quarter with our digital properties, delivering a 20% comp. We continue to build out our capabilities to support the overall omnichannel experience. So remember, Lowes.com is not just about the business we do online but integrating those interactions for our customers throughout their home improvement journey. We saw traffic conversion and comps all continue to improve as we elevated our targeted marketing efforts to continue to drive traffic, optimizing our assortment through digital line reviews and certainly remain competitive from a pricing perspective, improving conversions. So as we get better usability, faster site speed, intuitive navigation with investments in new search capabilities, improved checkout that we've got planned for this year, expanded assortment, I think our dot-com business will continue to grow, and our digital capabilities will enhance the omnichannel experience. So we're in a good place. 
Michael McDermott: Matt, we look at value perception pretty regularly. And our value perception metrics continued to be consistent with where they've been since we took the competitive actions in the second quarter of 2017. We remain competitive. We see a rational environment right now as it relates to the competitive pricing front. We've got a wider view into more competitors with these new tools. And I really feel good about our position on the competitive front. So priority one is be competitive and deliver great value to our customers, and by doing that, we've got to make the right trade-offs to maintain gross margin. So that's our focus. And what we've seen so far are positive results. 
Marshall Croom: Seth, one other point, if I could, just to add on to that is -- and we talked about the 300 basis points of pressure in the spring. A lot of it is impacting transactions as well for the seasonal items, which were spread across the lower buckets as well. 
Marshall Croom: For us, no. We're a 4-5-4 -- on a calendar 4-5-4 basis. So for us, there wasn't any meaningful shifts in the calendar for the first quarter. 
Marshall Croom: Simeon, yes, we are anticipating recovering the majority of the sales miss in the first quarter. So that's what we're expecting to flow through in Q2 and Q3. So that's what we factored in to maintain our guidance. So again, the only other change that we made would have been for the revenue recognition accounting standard. But we believe we've got, again, the staffing, the inventory, the efforts to really -- how are we improving our customer experience, the shop-ability of the stores, the shop-able inventory, a lot of the associate investments that we're making to make them connected and confident within the stores. So we do anticipate leaning into the investments that we laid out on the call in February for 2018 as we're looking to really ramp up our strategic investments to help our associates to better improve customer engagement. So I think some of the spend that we have across services Pro supply chain transformation efforts are just examples of what we're continuing to invest in. 
Marshall Croom: I think, one, we're continuing to lean into the investments as planned for the year. Again, to Robert's point, there are certain things, competitive actions, the amp up in advertising, certain things that we ramped up beginning last year that we'll lap. But with some of the efforts under way, right now, I would just say that we're encouraged; but more to come as we get traction on some of the tests and the pilots that we've got underway. So we're comfortable with our guidance as is. 
Marshall Croom: Yes. When you think of the 300 basis points impact from weather impacting lawn and garden, our seasonal categories, that's really what we were seeing is just reduced transactions in those categories. So again, positive comps in our indoor categories. So that's how we think about the 300 basis points impact. I think, as Richard highlighted, it's not just all weather. Just continued focus on opportunities within conversion. And again, highlighting the number of factors, the 5 points that Richard laid out, talked about associate readiness, et cetera, with the opportunities we have with execution within the stores. 
Marshall Croom: Michael, what we're seeing is balanced transactions and ticket through the first couple weeks of May. We take a look at our promotional alignment, our product assortment, the momentum that we've got in the business, we feel good that we'll recover a majority of that seasonal business loss as well as expand growth in indoor categories throughout second, third and fourth quarters. So a lot of optimism for us with the way the business is unfolding here in May. 
Marshall Croom: Thanks, Greg. Again, we're looking to recover, again, the majority of the sales through that. Obviously, we'll have a flow-through impact so that's going to play out over Q2 and 3, that we have that as a recovery opportunity in the year. So that's how we were thinking about how we would recover sales and EBIT. 
Marshall Croom: Yes, Elizabeth. It was about 100 basis points of benefit in the quarter from hurricane-related activity from what we experienced last year. Again, that was a step change from Q4 to Q1, I think, the benefit that we realized, and we expect that to step down again in Q2 and really would kind of dissipate over the back half of the year. 
Marshall Croom: Correct. In the first quarter, it was 58 basis points. So we were guiding to flat gross margin before the adoption of the revenue recognition standard. So yes. 
Marshall Croom: Yes, that's still primarily the case. Again, lapping some of the actions that we took in kind of Qs 2 and 3 last year, in addition to improving stabilizing gross margin. And again, a good step change from Q4 to Q1. So again, more pressure on gross margin ex the revenue recognition standard, more pressure in the first half than back half, again, as we lap some of those actions. 
Marshall Croom: We adopted the modified retrospective methods, so that does not require you to restate that, highlighting the impact and basis points on sales, gross margin and SG&A. 
Marshall Croom: And Dan, this is Marshall. I'll just add to that. When we had the question about continued investment, digital platform and capabilities is certainly something that we continue to lean into and invest. We've got a new Chief Digital Officer onboard, who's been here about 4 months, Vikram Singh. So he's digging into our platform, and so we're looking forward to leaning into expanding our capabilities on that front. And we comped 27% on online last year, so 20% is on top of that. And our sales penetration is now about 5% of sales from an online standpoint. So certainly, it's part of a key element to our omnichannel strategy. 
Marshall Croom: Daniel, it's a relatively similar pattern, and continued strong. We do believe, based off all the tracking that we have in the marketplace, that we continue to take share in that space. 
Marshall Croom: Yes. I would just say that the bigger crunch that we had were March and April from a sales and transaction impact. 
Marshall Croom: No, we actually were pretty pleased with our results in the first quarter. So we had some productivity efforts that helped provide and offset even with the investment in labor. So we'll continue to keep that as a focus as we lean into the year. We're also -- we have productivity efforts on that front. And so while we have that as a focus, we're also keenly focused on sales productivity opportunities as we move forward. 
Robert Niblock: Well, certainly, Eric, we're excited to have Marvin join the team. As you know, he's an experienced retail CEO, significant experience in the home improvement industry. So I think that's very exciting for us to have him join. I called Marvin this week and spoke to him and congratulated him on the role and welcomed him back to the home improvement industry and certainly told him that I'd be available for anything I can do to assist in a smooth and orderly transition. I think Marvin will be coming in and look and see, review our strategy, look at the plans we have in place, the initiatives that we're working on in areas, as you've seen on the call today, where we outlined opportunities for improvement. And I think he'll want to dive in and be able to add his thoughts to what the team's already working on to see how we can continue to make progress and take care of -- do a better job of taking care of customers' needs. 
Robert Niblock: Simeon, this is Robert. Also recognize, as we get through the balance of the year, we'll start to lap some of the marketing additional [ services ] we had up from last year as well as you're already seeing some of the early signs of the gross margin stabilization work that Mike and his team are doing. And certainly, that'll continue to make progress throughout the year. So you'll see a layering effect of those items on top of the recovery of the sales that were delayed from the first quarter. 
Robert Niblock: Michael, this is Robert. Just keep in mind, when we look at the 300 basis points drag, I also think about what we talked about, the strong seasonal business we've built. 35% in first quarter of our sales, 40% in the second quarter. So it does kind of have a disproportionate effect, given how tough the weather was this quarter. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, if you look at certainly the volume, as you know, Matt, the business grows dramatically between February and by the time we get to the end of the quarter. So the impact from those higher-volume weeks is much more significant than it would be in a month like February. 
Robert Niblock: Thanks. And as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our second quarter 2018 results on Wednesday, August 22. Have a great day. 
