Robert Hull: Chris, this is Bob Hull. I'll start and let Bob Gfeller chime in as necessary. As it relates to the promotional impact on cost in Q1, as I said in my comments, we estimate that the impact for appliances, cabinets and countertops and Millwork was approximately 120 basis points for the quarter. It was more pronounced in April, which was closer to like 200 basis points in April for those categories. As relates to the promotional intensity, in Q1 last year, we were going up against Cash for Appliances in Q1 2010. Therefore, there were some incremental promotions that we ran in Q1 last year that we elected not to repeat in Q1 this year, driving the impact in appliances specifically. 
Robert Hull: Chris, we feel like that, as we said last quarter, that all 4 quarters this year will fall in the 1% to 3% range. We do have some pressure in the fourth quarter relative to the roughly 150 basis point weather favorable impact we experienced in Q4 '11. However, we still expect that to be in the 1% to 3% range, although it may be the lowest comping quarter of the year. 
Robert Hull: So 2 thoughts. One as we think about the 53rd week last year, to be true, we had 14 weeks of comparable sales performance in Q4 last year, the 14th week in Q4 comped against week 1 of 2011, which means weeks 1 through 13 this year comped against weeks 2 through 14 last year. So there is truly a comp versus comp. As we think about the calendar impact if we modeled our comp performance, assuming the 13th versus 13th the other way, comps would have been about 60 basis points higher than we reported. So it would have been roughly 3.2 versus the 2.6. 
Robert Hull: Yes. Budd, I don't have that available. We can certainly call you back. Just responding to your question regarding what comps would have been, the spread across the months would have been much flatter than the reported comps. On a restated 13 weeks, they would have been roughly 5% for February, 3% for March and flat for April. So less lumpy than the plus 2%, plus 8%, minus 3% that we reported. 
Robert Hull: As Bob Gfeller spoke, the Northern markets had the best performance early in the quarter and it trailed off most at the end of the quarter. The Southern markets were the most consistent performing in the quarter, typically, right at the company average for most of the quarter. 
Robert Hull: So Michael, this is Bob Hull. The comp impact from the big tickets was about as we expected. Deep promoting, we expected that's less of an impact in Q2. As I mentioned earlier, there's a lot of promotional activity in appliances specifically to Q1. So less impact of deep promoting in Q2. As it relates to the pull forward, we estimate that the impact on Q2 is roughly 40 basis points, so not terribly significant. 
Robert Hull: Correct. And then earlier Budd had a question on ticket bucket performance. I was able to run to my office and grab that information. So as you think about tickets below $50, they were plus 2%. Tickets below $100 and $500 were plus 3%. Tickets above $500 were negative 1%, again, driven principally by the 3 categories I noted: appliances, cabinets and countertops and Millwork. 
Robert Hull: So Pete, I'll start with the first few and let others chime in. As it relates to the week shift impact, there really is no impact for the year. So the entire pickup in Q1 is given back largely in Q2 and Q4, but we still expect comps of 1% to 3% in each of those remaining quarters for the year. May has started off as expected. So we're in good shape out of the gate to hit the 1% to 3% target. As relates to Q1 promos, as I mentioned, the biggest impact on big-ticket promos was in April, roughly 200 basis points relative to the 120 basis points for Q1. And then your last question dealt with competitive response. 
Robert Hull: So Dan, as Robert said, we cycled for the value proposition. We cycled the consumer piece in April. We cycle the commercial piece in July. So for the year, we do expect the credit program to generate leverage 30 basis points for the year, which is lower than the 63 we leveraged in the first quarter, principally, due to losses. So we'll still see benefit for the year, but to a lower degree than we saw in the first quarter. 
Robert Gfeller: And Chris, this is Bob Gfeller. Just to add a little bit more color on Bob's comments. As we look at promotions going forward, inside of the value improvement program, a couple of points. The 5% value proposition on our private label credit cards is critical in all of our thinking because it's value every day to our customer. So that's helping us to deep promote and rationalize promotions. Also, as we look at major holidays and key categories, we've always said that we are retailers, we've got to make sure that we're sharp certain categories at certain times and certain holidays. And specifically for the first quarter of the year, we did have 30% fewer promotions in the first quarter versus 2011. A significant number of those were advertised last year, and as Bob says, that many of them were in the big-ticket categories specifically in appliances where we were deeper discounting in 2011 than we were in this first quarter. 
Robert Gfeller: Sure, Budd. This is Bob. The reason why I'm using that phraseology is because our lens is wider as we think about our competitive set, as we think about being an omni-channel company. So traditionally, we would look at price competitiveness just against our principal retail competitor. But as we look at the value improvement program holistically, we have a wider lens. So really depending on the category, depending on the product, we will be priced competitively based on what is a solid offer for the customer for that category against the relative competitors. So I think I had gotten a question before, we are certainly looking at Amazon and certainly looking at other retailers that play in categories that we also compete in and although they may not be core to those competitors. So it's just a broader lens as we look at being price competitive. One last note for you though is we have, as it relates to our principal competitor, looking at our price competitiveness as we said before, we've expanded the number of items we're looking at across our store, and we are very confident that we are priced competitively against that specific competitor. 
Robert Gfeller: Michael, this is Bob Gfeller. I'll give you a little more color around that. So we've got the accelerated line review process, which is the upfront piece that the merchants are working them through and then, of course, we've got to execute the resets. We always knew this was going to be test and learn as we kind of move through because we're taking on such a challenge. And the 2 key learnings are really from a capacity of just workload from the number of line reviews we're going through, we've talked about almost 400 line reviews completed by, really, the end of this year. From a quality standpoint, number one is, we wanted to slow it down to make sure we're utilizing the analytics as best as we possibly can from the merchandising standpoint, number one. So that's the integrated planning execution tool, the efficient item assorting tool, number one. Number 2 is, there's a lot of work to be done when you move to reset. And because we are making significant changes in SKU assortment, in price progression and in some cases, presentation, our learnings to date have been, let's make sure that those handoffs are smooth as possible so that we make sure that the presentation to the customer is as good as we expected to be when we model the results on paper. So the reason why we're hedging a little bit more into the lead time is because as we move through these first few resets, as we're just kind of learning as we're going and we want to make sure that we give it enough time so that the results are what we anticipate. 
Robert Gfeller: Yes. And Peter, this is Bob Gfeller. Just one other point on the big-ticket promotions in April. As I think we mentioned in the scripts, these were conscious decisions because we are moving back to EDLP. Some categories will be EDLP plus. But some categories don't need to be promoted at the depth that we did last year. So it's really a depth issue on appliances, Millwork, where we frankly bypassed some big offers that we had last year. From a competitive -- one other point on that as well is, the merchants upfront as they're looking at their lines, they are critically looking at the profitability promotions they've run in the past. And as Greg said, they are making hard decisions not to repeat where it wasn't a profitable decision that was right for the customer. That's happening all throughout the quarter inclusive in April. And as it relates to the competitive response, the competition quite frankly is doing -- they're executing their plan and we're executing our plan. We're certainly keeping an eye on it, but we did make some decision to make sure that we stayed on plan because we think what we put in the marketplace was still competitive to address customer needs. And as Greg said, in the second quarter looking at the promotional and medium mix, we think is going to help us move into the second quarter on plan. 
Robert Gfeller: And Dan, just to build one other comment around Robert's point. Robert's script talked about the stages of home improvement. And when we think about these big-ticket categories, both merchandising and operations, we need to sell the project. And so one of the other things that we are trying to look at critically is how do we use more than just price promotion where we bring in the value proposition, where we bring in the exterior selling solutions, where we bring in the technology to make the experience simpler for the customer. This is all about how we kind of encircle the project and sell the project in totality. So that type of a mindset is what we're trying to look at as we go forward so that, again, we move from just a product promotion to more of a project selling mode. And so that's something we're looking at based on selling across the stages and addressing customer needs. 
Robert Gfeller: Eric, sure. This is Bob, happy to do that. First of all, I'm in a transitionary role moving to this, the new customer experience team led by Greg, and currently continuing to lead the merchandising organization until that position is filled. I will tell you we've got very strong merchandising leadership and our 2 SVPs GMM and our MVP ranks, lots of tenure, lots of great capability as it relates to their leadership of the line review process. So I don't think we have any hiccup there. Two other elements as it relates to kind of moving past the 90 day and trying to look at this to make sure quality is the winner, is we -- as we've said in the past, our clearance program as it relates to clearancing out inventory is being scrutinized so that we are as profitable as possible on clearance. So that, again, we get the margin inflection in the back half. And then the second reason I would cite as it relates to taking a little bit more time is that as private brands grow their penetration in some of these lines, where they're relevant and where they don't displace the powerful national brand, there are some lead times related with import products that are also giving us a little bit of inflection on the 90 days. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Chris, I'd to add, and this is Greg Bridgeford. As we look ahead to the second quarter, we're taking a very analytical look at the balance and the mix of our promotional activity and specifically where we're putting the focus on elements of the marketing mix like search, like print, like radios and make sure that we're balancing out the opportunity for driving tickets and transactions, specifically, as it relates to flooring, appliances, cabinets and countertops and Millwork. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Alan, this is Greg Bridgeford. ATG is -- our primary focus with ATG is really to enable the processes that they have fine-tuned through the years to quickly add items and make it into meaningful assortments for consumers to be able to leverage those processes over to Lowe's core models for the purpose of expanding the reach and the impact of lowes.com. So if you look at that, that's working well, and we are adding items at a faster rate. We're learning their processes. We're keeping it very focused. Our interaction with ATG, as you said, there's some firewalls around it. And we're also, in the interim, we've been able to add ATG product to our SOS offering, Special Order Sales offering, within the Lowe's stores today. So 2 focus areas, keeping a pretty tight rein on any distractions for ATG, which operates its business model very effectively and getting the leverage we expected. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Eric, this is Greg Bridgeford. I think that we -- when we look at share, we've looked at the NAICS figures and home improvement channel is the lowest performing of all the channels. But it seems to be quite a volatile figure as you've seen the revisions that Census Bureau has just applied to 2010 and some 2011 figures. But the home improvement subdivision of 4, 4, 4 is increasing at about 9%. It's driven heavily by the major players in that industry, but some of the hardware channel, the garden supply channel are increasing at significant double-digit rates. So what we're watching is, and I'll go back to what Bob said earlier, we're looking at, from the customer lens, where are they looking for an inclusion in the project process and where are they finding information related to pricing of projects help in this industry. So we're trying to make sure that as we look at what our channel has represented in the past, which was primarily getting supplies and that we're going to represent a different vehicle for them in the future. We've got to be fundamentally sound in getting supplies, but we also realize that specialists appear to be making gains in some specific categories. We want to make sure that as we alter our business model that, that business model reflects the changing points of entry for consumers today as they look at the projects both large and small. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, Alan. As far as -- we haven't built anything into our guidance for the year for VSP. So we'd wait and see what the impact of that was and treat it accordingly. As far as the magnitude of it, I think we had there's 526 people that took VSPs. As you know, it was really a program for the corporate office structure. And I think as we look through the number of people who took it, the years for which they took it, I'd say I'm pleased with the impact and what we accomplished with the VSP. It was pretty broad based across the organization, where we saw people taking the VSP for a number of different reasons, people may have been in different life stages and provided them opportunity to do something different. The other thing was, in the last 18 months, we've changed dramatically our expectations of leaders in the organization. So it really is a different company that they're working for today than it was 18 months ago, let's say, so that did provide people an opportunity if they wanted to move on because they weren't fully committed, let's say, to the direction we were heading. So as we looked across the organization, the people that took it really pleased with the outcome, really pleased with the way that it shaped up. And as far as getting into pretty broad based across the organization, I don't really want to get into particular areas as to where people took the VSP or not, but overall pleased with the results. 
Robert Niblock: Dan, I'll start, then I'll get Bob Gfeller to jump in. As Bob explained, yes, there are still certain categories, certain times of the year when we will be promotional. It's all about rationalizing that promotional cadence. So for example, as he described in the first quarter, it was about going less deep on certain promotions such as appliance. I think last year, in many cases, we were doing 15% off E Star. We didn't do any of those 15% off this year. So it's really rationalizing that as we're moving back to EDLP, rationalizing the promotional cadence across the store, looking at the profitability of promotions previously, looking at which categories we think need to be promoted, which ones the customer's most likely to expect to be promoted or will respond most likely to those promotions. And part of that, when you pull it all together, is also being driven by what we did a year ago, which was rolling out our 5% off everyday value prop on the Lowe's credit card. We anniversaried that in April of this year for the consumer. And for the commercial customer, we'll anniversary that in the second quarter. So now that you've got that 5% off out there, we're taking that as an underpinning and reviewing our other promotional cadences to say when, where, how deep should we be promoting other categories. And that's what Bob and the merchants have been working through in this process. 
Robert Niblock: Thanks. And as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again, when we report our second quarter 2012 results on August 20. Have a great day. 
