Robert Hull: Michael, we've -- as we've talked about in the past, we've put in place systems to monitor the inflow of customer traffic. As a result, we've been able to monitor that relative to our transaction activity to have a perspective on conversion rate. For the third quarter, we actually saw a modest improvement in conversion rate, which means the problem is more related to draw. 
Robert Hull: So Seth, as we think about the weather impact, the heavy rains in the middle of the country, which, in fact, led to the flooding in Louisiana as well as extreme heat, had a pretty significant negative impact on the month of August. So the net impact was probably 80 basis points unfavorable in August. As we think about the recovery efforts, mostly, as Rick said, given the stage for Louisiana flooding, which is about 2/3 of the benefit we're seeing from the recovery efforts, that would have helped September about 90 basis points and would have helped the October by roughly 150 basis points. If you exclude the benefit from serving customers in those impacted markets, we did see improving underlying trends in the month of October. 
Robert Hull: So Matt, I'll start with the profitability and let Mike add some color. As we think about the comp progression, as we talked about, payroll was a little heavy start to quarter, given the sales trends. Rick described the significant improvement in payroll productivity from August to September. So we feel really good where we are exiting the quarter. From a promotional standpoint, the reported margin was down 40 basis points. Absent the RONA impact of 46, margin's actually up 6 basis points. So we feel good about the ability to refine the promotional mix without having a disproportionate drag on gross margin. 
Robert Hull: So Matt, coming out of a tough third quarter, we did, as you might imagine, spend quite a bit of time thinking about our outlook for the fourth quarter and in fact, put forth both sales and earnings figures that we felt confident in our ability to achieve. So as we think about the implied comp for the fourth quarter, it's a 2% comp. So certainly coming off the 2.7% in the third quarter with strengthening trends at the end of the quarter, we felt -- feel like it's certainly achievable. And in fact, we're off to a good start in the fourth quarter running ahead of the 2% comp expectations. From a profitability perspective, we take a look at the levers we have. I mentioned in my comments, for Q4, absent the JV charge last year, 90 basis points of EBIT expansion coming from bonus and depreciation. We feel pretty confident about the ability to, based on the forecast, to achieve those. So we feel good about where we are coming out of Q3, feel good about the start to Q4 and confident in our ability to achieve the implied Q4 results. 
Robert Hull: So Alan, as Rick talked about in his comments, there's stages to each event and recovery efforts. Each store event is difficult to predict. It depends on the type of damage. It depends upon the amount of recovery required. It depends upon the population density in which the storm activity occurs. So we do expect a further benefit into Q4 and 2017, but that's tough to estimate going forward. 
Robert Hull: So Chris, as we think about, I guess, both for 2016, both the GAAP as well as the adjusted EBIT outlook, we're at about 24 basis points of flow-through, so a touch below the 25 to 30 range. We'll talk more about the future when we see you next month for our Analyst Conference regarding specific expectations for 2017 through 2019. As it relates to depreciation, depreciation is down modestly this year, even including the depreciation associated with RONA. This will reduce that depreciation trajectory somewhat for 2017, but nothing material. 
Robert Hull: So the -- when I talk about the purchase accounting impacts last quarter, they were more pronounced early and dissipated over time to the extent they're essentially immaterial as we get into 2017. So yes, as we get further away from the transaction, a large proportion of the EBIT impact is from the mix of business, yes. 
Michael McDermott: Michael, this is Mike McDermott. As Bob and Robert stated, our traffic slowed more than we anticipated in August and September before improving in October. We saw a particular weakness in the North. Additionally, we found that we've got opportunities to improve our customer engagement, promotional targeting and marketing reach across the country. Throughout the quarter, we made some necessary adjustments to our consumer messaging, further refined our media mix and tweaked our promotional activity in the quarter, which supported that improvement that we saw in October. We anticipate improved traffic in the fourth quarter as we continue to work those actions. 
Michael McDermott: Yes. I would only add to that by saying working closely with our vendor partners, the merchants have done a great job working on cost of goods in a consistent way and making sure that we remix our promotional strategy consistent with where the consumers' mind is. Promotional environment in the third quarter was in line with previous periods, with the exception of only a couple of categories. We saw a little bit of elevated activity in the appliance business really related to additional competitors in the space; some elevated activity in flooring as the carpet industry, in general, is in decline; and grills really related to specific close out activity associated with Weber's relaunch of their Genesis line. Behavior's fairly typical across competitors as everybody's shifting promotional focus to engage the customer. And early indications in the fourth quarter, our promotional activity seems comparable from an intensity perspective versus prior year. 
Michael McDermott: Well, it's certainly relevant to grow in excess of the market. We're going to spend a lot of our time initially focusing our marketing spend as it relates to our digital platforms, allowing us to be more nimble in shifting our messaging and adjusting to weather or traffic dynamics as we see them unfold throughout the quarter. We've worked to reduce our print advertising and expand our presence on social media and increase digital advertising, including digital display, online video and search. So I think there's an opportunity for us to take a look at the investment -- the overall investment that we've got in marketing. Really, that analog-to-digital transformation is where we'll focus initially to make sure that we're driving traffic to any of the contact points for our customer. 
Michael McDermott: Sure. Paint had soft performance early in the quarter that we were unable to overcome as the business improved throughout. Softness was primarily due to weakness in exterior paint projects within the North region specifically. We also saw the kitchen category deliver negative comp for the quarter. While we drove a positive comp in cabinets and countertops, the aggregate kitchen comp was reduced by weaker performance in closet organization and shelving. The other category that was flat was millwork, and we did see improvement throughout the quarter in that product category. 
Michael McDermott: Well, I'm very excited about the opportunity to serve our customers and our team members. I can tell you we're going to be laser-focused on delivering the best omnichannel experience possible and supporting our customers through their home improvement project needs. So different or the same, our focus is on the customer and evolving to serve their needs. 
Michael McDermott: Well, I think we'll continue to focus on a balance between traffic and ticket, utilizing all of our omnichannel resources. So when I think about the role of Chief Customer Officer, it really is to balance those 2 things, leveraging all the tools at our disposal. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, Simeon. I'll be-- glad to clarify that for you. Overall, from the consumer standpoint, their desire -- their feelings around the home, the value of their home increasing, their intentions to invest in the home have all continued to be strong during the year. From the beginning of the year, based on what we saw in the data, we said that we thought home improvement would -- the overall factors would moderate some as we went through the year. So for example, total housing turnover is expected to be annualized at 4.8% versus 7.3% last year. Home price depreciation this year forecast is 4.9% versus 5.5% last year. So still strong numbers, but moderating disposable income at 2.3 -- 2.6% annualized this year versus 3.5% last year. And part of that was driven by the decreased turnover that we saw a year ago. We knew that, that would moderate some. So we still expect to be in a very healthy environment. We still think the #1 driver that's out there is continued appreciation in homes, but it has moderated some. So still a very healthy industry, but not to the extent that we would have seen the numbers supporting a year ago. 
Robert Niblock: Yes. We've obviously been, for a while, looking at ways to improve productivity, and so we've been undertaking initiatives throughout the past couple of months looking at our productivity and opportunities to improve that, rationalized our cost structure. A couple of things. We talked about the project -- portfolio rationalization that we mentioned, as Bob mentioned, some technology-enabled projects to get us to focus on the critical few, which led to the noncash write-off that you saw in our press release today. Rick talked about continued work to optimize our labor hours in the store against our customer demand. And we have a number of other work streams underway as well as we're looking across the entire organization to say, "How do we better rationalize what we're doing?" If you think about as we're moving to an omnichannel, we're continuing to build that way in an accelerating pace. We're making sure we're investing in the right areas to make sure that we support where the customer wants us to be. So as I said, we've got some other work streams in place, and we'll be able to give you additional detail, we believe, at the Analyst and Investor Conference. But we're not ready today to get into those details with you. But it is a comprehensive review. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, a couple things. One is -- I think we have 2 things. One is, as you heard, we'll go from both Rick and from Mike McDermott, is that we have an opportunity to continue to drive sales and traffic into our stores by continuing to look at our marketing message, the promotional cadence we use, the move that we've been making -- that we've made to digital over the past few months that has been -- we've seen great response to as we continue to remix the -- I think with our media mix model; and two, we've been able to remix the message. So it is driving additional traffic to drive additional sales on the one hand. On the other hand, it is rationalizing our cost across the organization. So it really is a two-pronged approach. Specifically, with regard to Orchard that you mentioned, as Bob talked a little bit about in his comments, we bought it out of bankruptcy. The impact on the customer franchise from bankruptcy, the remodeling of the stores, the fact that we had to change the technology and platform out there and bring it up to speed, all of those things. The lifting was just a little heavier than we thought, but we're at a great point now as we're starting to see our great performance in the fundamental stores that are out, and we've kind of rationalized how we're going to use Orchard going forward. So we're still very optimistic about what we can -- what Orchard can do for us. Just getting to this point was a little bit more difficult than we had anticipated so... 
Robert Niblock: [indiscernible] As you know, as we've talked in the past, Q4 can be a very weather-sensitive quarter. We had great weather last year, so we are cycling some pretty strong comps that we had kind of decent for January time frame. So we took all that into account when we built our guidance. We're very pleased with the way the quarter started. We took all that in account as we looked at putting the implied guidance out there for you. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, Eric, I'll start. But certainly, what we're focused on is where do we need to be investing that is going to resonate with the consumer, particularly in an omnichannel environment today, and give us the payback that we need. So some great example, as we've talked about, it's how we're looking at our media mix modeling and the amount we're investing in digital and how it's going to resonate with the consumer, social media, all else, everything. I think Rick's going to look at how we're allocating labor hours across the store when we think about how we're engaging with the customer today online, in-home, by in-store, how we're allocating those hours to ensure that we're there at the right time so we're getting -- we're investing where it makes sense for the consumer. We've talked about our rationalization of projects, technology-enabled, so which are the ones that will really resonate to the consumer, where we can add the best value and focusing on those. And then separately, looking across the organization, whether it's from looking at anything like enterprise strategic sourcing, how we're allocating all of our -- aggregating all of our spend together so that we're getting better value associated with that. We're in other areas where in today's environment that we had invested in the past, we don't need to invest in the future that we can rationalize that spending that helps drive the ability to invest in areas that resonate to the consumer and also helps drive better productivity across the organization. So it is a comprehensive review that we're undertaking with a number of work streams, with the executives on point and in charge of those various work streams as they're working together to really look at how we're going to deliver greater value for shareholders in the future as well as drive the ongoing relationship consumers require in an omnichannel environment. 
Robert Niblock: Al, I'd say, we're 6 months into it. We feel good about what has taken place today before wrap from an integration standpoint. As Richard indicated, we still -- we're seeing incremental opportunity that we believe that's out there. But as you know, as you get through this, there could still be some unknown. So you get here to say that we think it's dramatically better than what we thought 6 months ago, no. But to sit here and say that -- basically, what we're seeing, we're even more confident in at least the business case, if not greater at this point in the integration journey. I'd say that we're confident in the business case and see upside to it, but not ready to quantify that at this point. 
Robert Niblock: I'll start off, Chris, and I'll get Mike McDermott talk a bit more about it in detail. Just to your hell of a question, paint and kitchens were the 2 categories that were negative during the quarter. Mike will give you some more details on how they progressed and our thoughts there. Yes, as I said, we -- the overall environment, from a macro standpoint, moderated somewhat from housing turnover, home value appreciation, but it's still a very healthy environment. When you combine that with the fact that we performed below our expectations, we know we have opportunity to improve our performance and marry that efforts to the great opportunity for our outlook, our performance going forward as we continue to improve our execution in an environment that may be just slightly less robust than what it was a year ago. So that's kind of the way I would sum up kind of the headline store. With that, I'll get Mike McDermott talk a little bit more about the detail product categories. 
Robert Niblock: Thanks. And as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again or report our fourth quarter results on Wednesday, March 1. Have a great day. 
