Robert Hull: Thanks, Simeon. So as we look at the outlook for 2017, on an adjusted basis, we're looking at 50 basis points of EBIT expansion. I commented that the impact of the full year RONA results versus 7 months in 2016 pressures us by 15 to 20. So if you take the midpoint of that, call it, 67 basis points with a 3.5% comp, the flow-through per point of comp above 1 is about 27 basis points. So we feel good about that. As I indicated, we're expecting flattish gross margin for the year, with all of the increase coming from expense leverage. 
Robert Hull: So Pete, we do expect some benefit in 2017. We do, however, expect that to wane as the year progresses, especially as we get closer to the activity in the second half of 2016. 
Robert Hull: Matt, related to the impact to our guidance provided at the analyst conference, they were incorporated in the outlook that we shared at that time. 
Robert Hull: So Chris, we look at a number of factors, macroeconomic factors, our ongoing performance, input from vendor partners and other sources, trying to understand what's going on with the consumer, industry demand drivers, et cetera. So certainly, as we came out of the third quarter and saw trends in fourth quarter leading up to the December meeting, we're certainly aware of our performance, also mindful of actions we were taking to drive consumer demand, to drive productivity, et cetera. So what I would say as we talk about our outlook for the year is I feel really comfortable about our opportunity to hit the $4.64 for the year. It's going to happen differently than we planned it, but as far as getting the EPS, I think there's confidence with the team that, that figure's more than achievable. 
Robert Hull: So our comparable sales calculation does use the comparable weeks. So week 53 of 2016 comped over week 1 of 2016, which is the comparable week for the period, which is consistent with how we've reported comps the prior 3 53-week years since I've been CFO. 
Robert Hull: The 14-week period was compared against the comparable 14-week period. So yes, the comps as reported are what they are. 
Robert Hull: So you're right. It was strength of our kitchen and appliance business in the quarter, Michael, that drove that. Also, the above-average Pro performance is a driver for growth in average ticket. Certainly, as we take a look at our own execution, we strive to do better every day as the items that Mike described in his comments were all items of focus for the quarter to allow us to take advantage of demand and serve customers. 
Robert Hull: So as we talked about in addressing Matt's question, the productivity savings were contemplated in the model we put together at December Analyst Conference and consistent as the outlook today. What I would say is, if you think about prior EBIT expansion prior [indiscernible] to expectations, there is a component of gross margin in there. We've taken that out, and the entirety of the flow-through in EBIT expansion is driven by expense leverage. So it's embedded in our SG&A outlook for the year going forward. 
Robert Hull: So in the fourth quarter, Greg, we actually had modest deflation. We had building material deflation of 25 basis points driven by roofing installation, which offset the, call it, 15 basis points of inflation in lumber. For 2017, there's only very modest inflation contemplated for the year. 
Robert Hull: Greg, really don't have a de-composition of that 9% growth in front of me. It is all of the above, right? It is the strength of the performance of those categories, and it's the tactics we have been taking over the number of years to better serve Pro customers that are driving the 9% growth. 
Robert Hull: The private-label card penetration was 28.7%, up about 20 basis points versus the same period last year. 
Robert Hull: I'll take the first part and let Mike address the second part. So as we think about the 35-store openings, that's roughly 9 U.S. big-box stores, 10 stores in Canada, a few in Mexico and 14 Orchard locations. So there are varying formats in varying geographies. As we think about the spend for new stores, that is roughly $400 million in 2017. As we think about return hurdles, we've got risk-adjusted return hurdles for all of our investments, including real estate. We do expect the portfolio of stores to more than exceed those hurdles going forward. 
Robert Hull: So Eric, if you recall, we had fairly substantial deleverage in the fourth quarter of last year based on the strength of performance, which really impacted our annual accruals. So we had significant deleverage Q4 last year, which, as we planned 2016, that was expected. While we had really good performance this year, it didn't compare to what we saw last year. Therefore, the rate of change was less, giving rise to expense leverage in the incentive comp area Q4 '16. Going forward, we've got a variety of plans that incent the store management and store associates to serve customers every day to ensure we help meet their needs, omni needs, going forward. So no real change in how we're thinking about incenting the folks that are on the front lines, interfacing with our customers every day. 
Robert Niblock: Yes. Matt, It's Robert Niblock. I'll start. Yes, as you're aware, we have announced some staffing changes over the last 30 days or so, both in the store and at the corporate office here. And as we see what's -- rapid shift that's changing in customer expectations and what they expect from retailers, our whole movement to be a customer-centric, omnichannel home improvement company, really dictating that we needed to allocate our resources differently so that we could better meet the needs of customers. It's something we have to continually do obviously to make sure we have our resources in the right places and -- so we can continue to meet their needs. From a store standpoint, yes, I think our new staffing model helps ensure us that we're optimally prepared for the upcoming spring selling season. The changes we've made in the store, we think, have really improved our leadership capabilities with an enhanced focus on training and really empowering our associates to deliver on an improved experience for the customers. We're really pleased with the receptivity we've seen and getting that done before -- ahead of the spring selling season. Here at the corporate office, the changes we just made at corporate headquarters are really designed to create more agile, efficient and customer-focused operating structure. We needed -- as we continue to migrate from being a single-channel retailer to an omnichannel home improvement company, we really need to step back and make sure that we have our resources aligned in the proper way so we can best take advantage of the opportunity that we see in front of us. And as we've talked for many quarters here, online, in-home, contact centers, those other things that are part of our omnichannel strategy are where we're seeing the highest growth. And we want to make sure we have our resources aligned behind that. So we're excited about it. It's always tough when you make those changes that impact people's lives, but I think it's the thing -- that it was the right thing to do to continue to move us forward and capitalize on the opportunity we see ahead of us. 
Robert Niblock: Yes. Well, Michael, I don't think we really measure it that way. What I can tell you is that as we've gone through and looked at, as I said earlier, the evolution, as we've gone from a single-channel retailer to an omnichannel home improvement company, we certainly had made changes along the way as the way that we have reallocated the resources. But when you look at the continual shift that you see taking place in the customer and the way that they want to interact with us, you realize that we need to continue to evolve. So if you think about it, you're sitting back with an organizational structure today that has evolved over time, not the one that we would have designed from scratch if you were starting out as an omnichannel company. So as we continue to see that evolution, we said we really need to step back and say, okay, where do resources need to be allocated at the corporate office? We took out some spans and layers to make us a more agile, nimble organization from a corporate office standpoint so that hopefully, we can better respond to opportunities, better respond to the stores and our other channels after they've taken care of the customer on a daily basis and then also did some hard look at our management structure in the stores to say, how can we ensure that we're managed -- that we're organized in the right way to make sure that, from a leadership standpoint, we're leading people in a way that's going to provide a better experience. So it was really more driven -- from that standpoint, we look at productivity more as, how do we take dollars and reinvest them in the areas that will drive better performance? So yes, there's obviously -- through that process, there's a cost savings impact as well. But it's also, if we get them aligned appropriately, then we think we'll drive better performance, which leads to the productivity leap. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, this is Robert. We did see a continued improvement in the North in our performance there. So I think, certainly, some of the actions that the team has taken to better resonate with the customer has certainly started to take traction. So we're pleased with the improvement in performance that we saw there. As we look at 2017, we look at -- if you look at whether it's the underlying macro fundamentals that are out there, still seeing a very healthy housing market, whether it's from a turnover standpoint, whether it's from an appreciation of standpoint on housing, incomes continuing to rise as we spoke about employment continuing to improve. All of those things, I think, set up home improvement to see -- to continue to gain shares as a percentage of share of wallet in 2017. We've seen that trend for the past few years. I think it sets us up well for this year. And then on top of that, we've actually -- behind or postelection, we've actually seen, from our Consumer Sentiment Survey, a really strong increase in homeowners' intention to invest in their home and start a project over the next 6 months, as we talk about. So if you look at just the underlying factors, some of the momentum that we saw coming out of our quarterly Consumer Sentiment Survey sets us up that -- we think that it sets us up well that a 3.5% comp should be achievable as we look out to 2017. 
Robert Niblock: Thank you. Okay, thanks, and as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our first quarter 2017 results on Wednesday, May 24. Thanks, and have a great day. 
