Marvin Ellison: I'll take the first part, Simeon. I'll kind of go back to what I said in some of the prepared comments. When we take a look at what our demand drivers are for home improvement -- and just to be specific, these are historical demand drivers that have held up over time. They still remain supportive.  And things like disposable personal income, which I mentioned, is roughly $1.5 trillion in savings above pre-pandemic levels. The average equity in U.S. homes, roughly $330,000 on average, the age of homes, and a reminder, 2/3 of everything we sell is nondiscretionary. And there are other tailwinds, millennial household, formation trend, baby boomers, aging in place, and more widespread, sustainable remote work. So all of these things give us some confidence that the backdrop remains supportive.  But as Brandon said, we still have some degree of caution when we think about discretionary buying, and that is factored into the guide.  So I'll let Brandon add anything additional to that. 
Marvin Ellison: And Simeon, this is Marvin. The only thing I'll add is, if you take a look at Q4, just as an example, it just -- it shows that even in a flat to negative sales environment, we still have the ability to leverage productivity, whether that's expenses or operating margin. And I think that is consistent with the PPI initiatives not being solely focused in one functional area, but as you heard at our December Analyst and Investor Conference, it's across all functions, merchandising, supply chains, to operations.  And so although it's ratable, we're very confident in our ability to deliver upon that in a variety of macro scenarios. 
Marvin Ellison: So Joe, good question. What I'll tell you, there are a couple of markets around the country that had a more accelerated, what I would call, appreciation of home prices during the pandemic. And let's call out markets like South Florida, Phoenix, as an example.  And as you can imagine, we pay really close attention to those markets. We've not seen any material difference in sales performance in those markets as those prices tend to come -- are coming down than in the broader U.S.  And so when I cited the statistic that 70% of our Pros in our survey from January are very confident in their backlog being consistent to last year and being able to sustain it, that is pretty much a universal statement across all geographies.  What I can tell you is that we're very pleased with the performance of our MVP Loyalty Program and how it's sustaining and giving us the ability to drive sales. And I'll let Joe just touch a little bit on that program and how we think that's going to allow us to build loyalty and continue to grow this very important business. 
Marvin Ellison: Brian, it's a fair question. And I'd start off by saying Q4 is typically our highest discretionary selling period of the year because of the holiday season. But when we look at core home improvement categories, we feel really good about the performance of the DIY customer.  And I think as Brandon gave that monthly comp cadence for the fourth quarter, you notice that every month, the business performed stronger with a positive comp in January, and that was almost directly correlated to the DIY customer being stronger each month of the quarter because we moved away from that discretionary period that was so heavily focused on the month of November because of holiday buy.  So as we look at the overall customer, we look at the health of the DIY discretionary spending. We don't see any really red flags that we're concerned about because the core home improvement discretionary categories held up really well for us, case in point, appliances, case in point, paint. So those are areas that really performed well. And I'll let Brandon add any additional comments. 
Marvin Ellison: So Karen, this is Marvin. I'll take the wage question, then I'll let Brandon take the first part of the question.  So 2 things. First, we feel great about the financial commitment we've made to our front line associates. And we're also very confident in our long-term financial plan. So since 2018, as we mentioned, we've invested over $3 billion in incremental wages and share-based compensation for front line associates, including $170 million wage investment we made last year.  And over the past 4 years, we've increased our wage by more than 20%. And Brandon mentioned that we're going to be investing $350 million this year in frontline wages. And over the next 3 years, we're going to invest nearly $1 billion. So when you contemplate all this together, it's factored in our 2023 guidance and our long-term financial guidance.  And as an investor community, sometimes we get challenged by our rural footprint of stores as a competitive disadvantage. When you discuss wage, it's actually an advantage because most of the small and rural markets where we operate, we're the highest paying retailer. And where we're not, the local operators have a very, very specific process to follow to get wage adjusted.  So our approach to wage is our strategy, and we feel really good about it, and our associates have responded well. And what I'll do before I hand it to Brandon, I'm just going to let Joe McFarland talk a little bit about staffing levels and spring hiring, which, as you know, is a really big deal for us this time of the year. 
Marvin Ellison: And so Karen, in summation on that, we have a strategy, we feel great about it. We feel like it's working for us, and we believe that our investment cycle, our commitment to our associates is something that is leading us to being truly an employer of choice in retail. And I'll hand it over to Brandon to answer the other part of your question. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. So Michael, this is Marvin. At a high level, it's lumber deflation. That pretty much sums it up. As Brandon mentioned, we're going to have 300 basis points of headwind in Q1 and 100 basis points of headwind in Q2.  Going into 2023, we looked at the first half of the year as our easiest compares. That remains. But when you throw in that lumber deflation, that pretty much sums up what's different between what we discussed in December and what our guidance is. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. Well, it's a really good question, Steve. A couple of things. Number one, as you can imagine, we have been working aggressively to update our IT infrastructure.  We still have a 30-year-old basically mainline system that we're getting ready to retire, and it's literally taken us 4.5 years to get to this point. The moment that system is officially retired, it gives us the ability to create so many technology advancements that will do 2 things, will simplify the associate's job and limit friction points for customers, which will reduce payroll and improve customer service. And that's what Joe cited in some of his prepared comments.  And so holistically, a lot of our PPI initiatives on the store and merchandising side, and candidly, the supply chain side are tied and correlates to the retirement of this 30-year-old operating system that we are excited is going to be going away over the next few months.  And as we look at that, you'll start to see more omnichannel type of systems available in the store. At point of sale, you'll start to see pricing initiatives and pricing systems advanced on the merchandising side.  You'll start to see us have the ability to do more relative to integrating gig network deliveries online in a more seamless way in addition to all the supply chain and some of the advanced sourcing logic we'll be able to do that, will give us the ability to ship merchandise, aggregate merchandise, from different points of stores, distribution centers without having to go out and build these monolithic DCs that some retailers have had to do.  So all of those things are tied together. But again, it's almost foundationally driven to a lot of the IT work that's been done the last 4-plus years. 
Brandon Sink: Yes, Simeon, this is Brandon. I'll talk to your question specifically on Q4. As I said in the prepared remarks, inflation, interest rates, we are seeing a bit more of a cautious consumer, one that's anticipating and responding to value.  We saw this play out in November with discretionary holiday categories, but we did see a nice progression of performance across the quarter as we hit the January exit. And we continue to see solid DIY demand in core home improvement categories like appliances.  So as we turn and look at the guide in the next year, we feel comfortable with what we're seeing in Q4, very much in line with what we shared back in December in terms of the moderate scenario. And it's consistent with the market being down, call it, low single digits 2% to 3%. So I think we got a lot of good consistency with what we're seeing again in Q4 with what we're anticipating for the full year next year. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. Simeon, I would say ratable as we look at the 3-year period with what we shared in December. I mean, when we look at the algorithm for the guide for '23, we are expecting roughly flat gross margin. So the bulk of the 60 to 80 basis points of EBIT expansion that's reflected in the guide is coming from SG&A leverage, and it's being largely driven by our productivity initiatives.  So that's specifically just translating and transitioning from what we shared on the 3-year to what we're expecting from an SG&A standpoint in '23. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. Patrick, this is Brandon. As it relates to the question on elasticity, stepping back, we look at the last 3 years through the pandemic, we saw consumers who were very resilient with higher prices, not necessarily impacting demand that we were seeing for our business.  As I mentioned in the last response, we are seeing more normal consumer trends with consumers anticipating and responding to value. So as we look at '23, we are expecting a modest inflation lift across the portfolio. Most of that is going to be wrap of inflation that we're seeing in 2022 lapping into 2023.  We're expecting that inflation to continue to slow, and we're seeing minimal activity in terms of new pipeline requests coming in from our supplier base. And that inflation is going to impact mostly first half as those benefits are expected to normalize as we move through the year, next year.  And then on the transaction side, we expect that inflation to be offset by a modest decline in transactions, which we also expect to see that improve across the year. So we're looking back half of the year and then into 2024 a more traditional balance between ticket and transaction. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. Brian, I'll just connect that to the guide, Marvin highlighted with what we're seeing more with the DIY customer. But just looking at the Pro and expectations into '23, continuing to outpace DIY 11 quarters in a row, double-digit comp, we're continuing to see Pro across all ticket ranges, both comp and transaction growth.  And while we did see DIY lag in 2022 in the discretionary category, some of what Marvin was describing, we are seeing those overall transactions continue to improve across the year. So when we look at '23, still expecting outperformance with the Pro but expecting that gap between Pro and DIY to continue to close and tighten, and that's what's reflected in our guide for next year. 
Brandon Sink: Yes, Brian, I'll take that and, again, kind of connect it to the guide. So our guide at the midpoint for lumber, in particular, assumes a normalized pricing environment, certainly considered to what we've seen for the last [ 30 ] years.  And within that lumber assumption, as you heard in my prepared remarks, expecting headwind in both Q1 and Q2. And I'll call out also if that -- when we look at lumber pricing currently, if that were to play out across the remainder of the year, it actually puts another 100 basis points of pressure on the midpoint of the guide.  But to your point, within that, we are expecting an offset in units, and there's potential that, that could be a stimulant for our business. But again, right now, we're expecting and have considered at the midpoint of our guide, just more normalized pricing and a slight rebound in units in the next year. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. Karen, your first question on operating margin. We look at what we shared in December, a midpoint of the guide down 1% and 13.7% in that moderate scenario. Our guidance is right in line, purely consistent with that with the range that we provided just bookending those midpoints. So very consistent there. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. And Michael, I'll just add that the weak scenario that we called out still very much sort of off the table for us. I think we called out at that point, it would require significant economic shock, and we don't see that playing out.  So we're still very squarely in line with that moderate view. And just as a reminder, the downside, even in that weak scenario was a 13.3% operating margin, so still 30 basis points of expansion even in that scenario. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. Got it, Michael. So -- yes, drag in Q4 mainly given the interest rate environment that we're seeing. But as we turn into 2023, again, a number of puts and takes, but we feel like the bulk of that for the most part has been absorbed, and we have that factored into '23. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. So sure, Greg. On shrink, in particular, it was a bit of a pressure point, a bit worse than expected. It's been approximately 30 basis point pressure. We saw that Q3 and Q4, largely driven by what we're seeing more broadly in retail with organized crime.  But again, as we turn and look at '23, that pressure largely absorbed in 2022. We feel like we got great efforts within the team and the organization in terms of what we're doing to protect against shrink, and I'll maybe let Joe call that out. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. Peter, as we look at February sales consistent with our guidance, we called out the Q1 being below the full year guidance range. And again, that's primarily due to the lumber pricing pressure that we're seeing. We are encouraged to see early signs of strength in discretionary seasonal categories, in particular, South and deep South as our customers begin to prepare for spring, and I'll let Bill talk to that in a little bit more detail. 
Brandon Sink: Yes, Steve, 60 basis points was a full year impact on operating margin. And when you think about the split there between gross margin and SG&A, it's roughly half and half. 
Joseph McFarland: Yes. Thanks, Marvin. And Joe, thanks for the question. As it relates to the Pro and the market, Marvin made his prepared comments. But as you dig deeper, there's kind of 5 key areas that we look at, which is the jobs how far out the Pro is booked in the next 6 months. Materials, can they get what they need and is it the right cost? Can they get to Pro Credit? What does the labor market look like? And then just the balance of the type of work they do.  So remodel versus new construction. And as we track these and as we roll out our Pro loyalty program, we're pleased with the trajectory of the business and the health of this small Pro that we're servicing. 
Joseph McFarland: Yes. Karen, thanks for the question. And as it relates to our frontline associates, I'm very pleased with our staffing right now. This is the best staffing we've had in 3 years. And our spring hiring as the markets come into season is ahead of expectations. So very pleased with the team's ability to staff and pivot wherever the challenges are. 
Joseph McFarland: So thanks for the question. And listen, we're really pleased with the asset protection team. The entire industry has pressure from ORC. Our asset protection team has rolled out some new, innovative things for safety, for shrink, and so we see the outlook good. 
William Boltz: Well, Brandon, and for Michael, what we talked about in December, private brands certainly gives us an opportunity in categories where a national brand isn't relevant. Private brands carry a better margin. They offer the consumer some additional choices. As it relates to promotional activity, we want to continue to offer the customers value, but we're not adding new promotions for 2023. 
William Boltz: Yes. Thanks, Brandon. And Peter, we started setting our stores in the South, Deep South, early January. And I think what's nice to see is spring start to come in the way it's supposed to come. And you start to see sales of product in fertilizer, chemicals, landscape products start to occur the way they're supposed to occur. And so we're encouraged by that. February can always be a wildcard month. But certainly, in these months -- in these Deep south and South markets seeing it kind of progress the way it's supposed to. 
William Boltz: No. I think the one area that the team may see different activity on is in appliances, and you guys have to remember that roughly 100,000 appliances break every day. And so there's always going to be an offer in the marketplace for appliances driven by the manufacturers, supported by the retailers.  So that's one area supply has improved. Those offers are out there for appliance products. But no additional promotions. 
