Marvin Ellison: Simeon, this is Marvin. I'll take the first part of that. I think what's difficult for us to determine in home improvement is where you're actually losing or gaining share specifically in the categories of DIY and Pro. I get the foundation of your question, but one thing we can confirm for sure is that our Pro business is growing, so we do believe that we're taking share just based on the maturation of the strategic initiatives that you heard from me, Joe and Bill. As we look at the DIY, the best way for me to explain and answer the question is our sales are much more concentrated in bigger-ticket DIY discretionary purchases. And when you look at big-ticket discretionary projects in the second quarter, the DIY demand was softest in those categories and in those projects. As you mentioned, we're still roughly approximately 75% DIY. So, any pullback in these big-ticket discretionary categories is really more of a disproportionate impact to us. So, I don't know that we're losing share in DIY as much as the dynamic of these big discretionary projects in the quarter affected us. And that's really the way we're looking at it. Now here's the good news. The good news is we feel great about our assortment from a merchandising perspective. We feel great about our pricing, our execution, our marketing. And we believe this is just a macro issue that we're dealing with relative to DIY big-ticket discretionary. So, when we look at Q2, even though it was a challenging economic environment, we feel great that we could grow mid-single-digit positive comp in Pro, we could deliver almost 3% growth online, and we're still managing through macro headwinds with DIY discretionary spend. So, we believe that when the DIY market inflect at some point in the future, we're in a perfect position to take overall market share in home improvement because of the strength we're seeing in Pro and online. So with that, I'll let Brandon take the second part of the question.
Marvin Ellison: So, Steven, thank you for the question. I'll take the first part of it. Look, I think for us, when we think about our guidance change for the year, it really comes down to just being prudent and being cautious based on the macro environment and the overall customer sentiment specifically around big-ticket DIY discretionary spend. We're all aware that we have an environment of elevated interest rates and inflation. And because of that, the DIY customer is just on the sidelines, waiting for some form of an inflection to take place. So, we can't call when that's going to happen, but we felt based on what we saw in the second quarter that it was prudent just to take a cautious approach to our guidance for the second half. And really, that's what we decided to do. I'll let Brandon take the rest of your question.
Marvin Ellison: And Kate, this is Marvin. One thing we don't talk a lot about is how we've converted our regional distribution centers to be more of a flow-through of product versus stocking a product. If you go back to six years ago, these RDCs were basically the traditional hub-and-spoke distribution centers that basically held and stored inventory and replenished stores. And that really put a lot of pressure on turns and overall inventory position. But over the years, the team has converted that to being majority flow. So, we're just becoming more of a cross-dock type of environment, and we have a very small percent of the inventory being stocked. That will continue to evolve over time. And as Brandon noted, we continue to make investments and finalize our build-out of our market delivery. That also puts us in a great position to continue to be the industry leader in appliances without having to hold that inventory the way we did years ago in the back of every store. So, there are cost of things that we're working on that's going to give us the ability to improve our insight position, but also improve our turns at the same time.
Marvin Ellison: Yeah. I'm going to just let Joe and Bill talk a little bit about PPI. To Brandon's point, I mean, we are incredibly pleased with the progress that we've made. Initially, our productivity improvement initiatives were focused almost exclusively on store operations. And now, we've created a culture where every functional area is driving their own PPI initiatives to not only drive improvements in the business and productivity, but also just driving overall efficiencies. So, I'm going to let Joe talk a bit about operations, and then Bill will talk about merchandising and what we're going to be seeing not only in the back half of the year, but going forward. So, Joe, we'll start with you.
Marvin Ellison: Hey, David, thank you for the question. I think, first, if we could take a step back and think about what we've done thus far, and one of the things that we identified from the very beginning of this transformation was the fact that we needed a very consistent and coherent approach to how we serve the core customer. And really it started with service levels in the store because regardless of what level of fulfillment and fulfillment capabilities you have in home improvement, your stores will still be an incredibly important part of the fill-in project nature need for the Pro customer. And so, our service levels were subpar at best. And so, Joe and team have done an incredible job of elevating those standards. And then, we had to get our product assortment right. We had customers who no longer shopped with us because there were brands that they were loyal to that literally had stopped selling to Lowe's. And so, Bill and his team has done an equally incredible job of bringing those brands back to us. Bill noted in his prepared comments just the success of our relationship with Klein Tools. And Klein was one of those customers that when we arrived was no longer doing business with Lowe's. And it remains the number one brand for electrical and HVAC Pros. And then, we have to get committed to our inventory levels. We talk a lot about job lot quantities, but we had to do that in a way that we gave Pros confidence and also in a way that we would not leave our stores vulnerable for large purchases that we could replenish quickly. And so, after we established those foundational things, we knew that the next step was creating stickiness where you would give those customers a reason to shop us versus the competition. We rolled out our loyalty program a little over a year ago. And then, we rolled out a more sophisticated CRM platform. And now, we're continuing to build on all of those things with more job site fulfillment. And so, Quonta Vance, our EVP of Pro and Home Services, at our upcoming Analyst and Investor Conference is going to lay out our long-term vision of where we plan to take Pro. And that's going to have a lot to do with identifying segments of Pro that we are barely scratching the surface today from a share standpoint that we're going to start to pursue in addition to ways we're going to enhance fulfillment and how we're going to be able to bring a more digitally friendly relationship with Pros so they could have a large selection of product choices and do it in a more seamless nature. We're incredibly excited about our Pro customer. And as I said earlier, we believe strongly that the pressure that we're feeling with the discretionary big-ticket DIY is in large part a macro influence issue. And so, as we now have momentum with the Pro, momentum with our digital strategy, we believe that when the marketplace inflects and the DIY customer starts to have a stronger confidence in making those discretionary purchases that we're going to have the full flywheel effect of our market share gains. In the meantime, we're going to be incredibly disciplined on these key parts of our business, but we're very excited about what we're doing in Pro but more importantly, what we're going to be doing in the future.
Marvin Ellison: Well, the great thing about our gig network and the work that we've done online is that we're serving all customers and giving them ability to get same-day, next-day fulfillment across all of our partners. We feel really good about what's happening in our rural markets. They performed to our expectations. We are piloting a lot of unique and different initiatives in some of these stores. And you could argue that we're pressure testing some of these locations to see what works and what does not work. One thing I will tell you is that we're still very excited about what we're doing with our workwear initiative, specifically with Carhartt. We're excited with what we're seeing with our pet food and pet initiative overall, and what we're seeing with just the ATV and other activities our rural customers participate in. But we're pleased with our rural performance. We're pleased that we're able to take this digital gig platform and serve customers in both urban, suburban and rural areas. And we're just continuing to build on that. And we'll provide more context when we get together in December, but we think rural is going to be a significant part of our growth strategy.
Marvin Ellison: So Brian, this is Marvin. I'll take another angle at your question. And so for us, obviously, we don't have a crystal ball to call the inflection when that will happen nor to Brandon's earlier comments, can we pinpoint what rate environment we have to be in before it starts to positively inflect this DIY discretionary pullback for big ticket. But what we're trying to do is in this headwind environment that we're in is just continuing to leverage our great balance sheet, to invest in technology and innovation, to make sure we continue to execute our Total Home strategy, which is allowing us to pick up share in Pro, improve our online business, continue to build out a technology platform for our home installation business, which was incredibly neglected from a technology standpoint for many, many years, because we know that when the inflection happens and the DIY return, we want to be perfectly positioned to really take share, not just in DIY, but also across all the other elements that I talked about. So, rather than sitting back and waiting, we're aggressively working in this downturn leveraging our balance sheet to do these aggressive investments and position ourselves. So, when it happens, whenever the macro inflection occurs, we just want to be ready to take advantage of it, and we think we will be. And so, we're just fortunate that we have the ability to continue to be aggressive in all of those areas and just preparing for the eventual time when the market will open back up again, and we're going to be prepared when it does.
Marvin Ellison: So look, I will rescue Brandon from that question and answer for him. We tend not to be that precise with current monthly trends. The best way for me and us to answer that question, Brian, and I appreciate the question, is when we look at our current business trends, they are reflective of guidance we gave, understanding that our business will fluctuate throughout the quarter. And so, we're not going to give a specific comp percent other than to say we feel confident that our current trends reflect the guidance we gave. And I think that's probably the best efficient way to ask it.
Brandon Sink: Yeah, Simeon, your question on geographic differences, really pretty consistent. Marvin mentioned the growth in Pro, that's driven by both transactions and ticket. But when we look across our geographic divisions, very consistent performance and taking share regionally consistently there. And then, on the DIY side, again, too, really no notable geographic differences outside of the hurricane impact that we saw around the July timeframe with Hurricane Beryl coming through the Houston geography. But other than that, really consistent.
Brandon Sink: Yeah, Simeon, it's really the latter. The updated full year operating margin outlook is very consistent when you look at it annually with our rule of thumb, 14 basis points of contraction on the downside for every point of comp decline. And as you mentioned, second half quarterly differences are driven mainly by the timing of the merch PPI initiatives as we turn through the callbacks and then what we're cycling over as it relates to prior-year incentive compensation. We called out last year $140 million of frontline bonuses that we paid in Q4. So, it's really a function of those two things. Gross margins for the year, as we've said consistently, we expect roughly flat for the full year, and that's what's embedded in the operating margin outlook.
Brandon Sink: Yeah, Steven, this is Brandon. Just a little more context on the guide. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, first half really largely in line with our expectations when you exclude the weather impacts that we experienced. And as we looked into the second half, just as Marvin just said, we still continue to see a very cautious consumer home improvement backdrop that remains challenged. And for those reasons, we decided to make an adjustment to the guide, and it does capture ongoing both DIY and Pro trends. And we're continuing to manage through the DIY challenges in the big-ticket discretionary, but we are still seeing strength, especially in the small to medium Pro, and that's reflected. Just as a reminder, we're cycling a pretty big DIY pullback, which started in Q3 of last year, again, as it relates to the big-ticket discretionary. So, the breakdown as it relates to comp, we are expecting, just like we've seen here in the first half, roughly flat average ticket in the second half as the Pro growth is offsetting some appliance pricing pressure that we're seeing. And then, we expect to see the transactions as the offset. That's where the pressure is at, and we continue to expect that to be challenged as the homeowners less engaged with home improvement activity in the second half. So that's a little bit more of a breakdown as it relates to second half guide.
Brandon Sink: And Steven, this is Brandon. I would just reinforce that the ticket increase is not a function of pricing so much as it's just the strength that we're seeing in the Pro business, which is lifting ticket, and then, as Bill mentioned, the cycling of the promo environment in appliances. Broadly speaking, as it relates to pricing environment, really largely stable here over the last couple of years. There's always pockets of activity that we see, but the ticket has been -- and the pricing environment has been largely consistent since 2022. And the industry continues to be disciplined and rational. So, for those reasons, we expect the ticket to continue to hold as we look across the second half of the year.
Brandon Sink: So, Chris, first part of your question, the comps are relatively evenly split when you look at Q3 and Q4 as it relates to what's embedded in the guide. And then, the question on weather impact, and in particular, as it impacted our DIY seasonal business, so we did see unfavorable weather in Q2. It pressured sales, cold and wet weather in May, followed by the intense heat that we saw in June and July. Just as a reminder, we are cycling over a strong seasonal performance last year Q2. We saw that especially in live goods and smaller outdoor projects. And outside of just seasonal, the intense weather also impacted other outdoor, call it, non-seasonal projects like exterior paint and decking. And then, the last thing I'll call out, we did see pressure in big-ticket discretionary seasonal categories like patio and grills, but that was largely expected as we've been managing those seasonal buys down to more recent trends that we've seen. So that was the pressure. That was mainly where we saw the deceleration in comps from -- as we moved from June to July. And then, I would say, as it relates to your question on August, very much playing out through here the first two-plus weeks very much in line with what we've guided to Q3.
Brandon Sink: Yeah, Chris. So, not down. We are expecting it to be up both in Q3 and Q4 of this year, but again, on the year, roughly flat. And I'll mention just a couple of the pushes and pulls. We continue to make the supply chain investments nearly complete with the rollout of market delivery, investments we're making in early innings on Pro fulfillment, and then, as you mentioned, the merchant supply chain PPI initiatives. The clawback is going to continue to benefit. And it really starts to accelerate in Q3, Q4. And as you mentioned, turning into '25, there's a lagged effect there just with how that turns through inventory. Transportation cost continues to be a good guy for us as we leverage our scale. And then, credit and shrink, expect those to be roughly flat for the full year, and a great job by the teams managing pressures in those two lines. So, you're seeing that largely those things played out here in Q2 with the progression that we saw nicely from Q1 to Q2. And those same things roughly play out for the full year.
Brandon Sink: Yeah. I would say, Scot, we expect our kind of rule of thumb in the algorithm. We expect that, that still holds. And it's directional, and it applies mainly to the fiscal year. We still see plus 10 basis points on the upside for every incremental point of comp and then 15 basis points on the downside. That's what's reflected in our full year guide. And we're working really hard to kind of stay consistent with that. It's not a natural output with all the work we've been doing across the portfolio with PPI. And then, you referenced our overall roadmap. We'll talk more about 2025 in December, but really the framework still holds. Everything we've been driving from a PPI standpoint, offsetting investments we're making in gross margin. On the SG&A side, same thing, investing or offsetting investments that we're making in wages, inflationary pressures, strategic investments. And it really comes down to the fixed cost leverage and our ability to grow top-line, but when we do that, we believe we stay consistent with that framework, and we can see the expansion.
Brandon Sink: Very consistent. The only thing from an incentive compensation standpoint is what I referred to with the noise in Q4 on the $140 million discretionary payout in Q4, but largely consistent there. Nothing that would need to change or be factored in.
Brandon Sink: Yeah, Kate, really pleased with the ability of the team to manage inventory. We continue to manage it with the sales trends that we're seeing, as inventory declined faster than sales, inventories down 3.3% year-over-year. We remain focused on making the investments in Pro depth and brands to support and accelerate the Pro growth that we've talked about. We feel like we're in a great position on in-stock levels. And then, from a seasonal inventory standpoint, also in a good spot as we've managed the seasonal bias to the trends we're seeing. And I think you also mentioned freight rates. From a transportation standpoint, we continue to see lower transportation costs as we've leveraged our sale to drive the lower rates that we've seen with our carriers, mostly insulated from that because we have contract pricing. And we see those favorable rates kind of extending through the first part of 2025. So, we expect the favorability that we've seen in Q2 to kind of extend through the remainder of the year, and that's baked in our gross margin guide.
Brandon Sink: Zach, this is Brandon. As it relates to the interest rate environment, so for us, it's difficult to know at what absolute interest rate level we're going to see our consumers fully engage or how long the demand will lag the actual rate cuts that we're seeing. We absolutely, as we sit here today, see pent-up demand in the business, but on the flip side, when we look at consumer sentiment, that continues to remain weak. We are hopeful that the lower rates, the drops that we're seeing, are going to have a dual impact of, one, relieving pressure on consumers, and then secondly, driving the existing home sales activity. But the reality is when we look at the lock-in effect, the majority of homeowners are still at 4%. Mortgage rates are less. So, even if we do see some level of decrease that we do believe there still may be a reluctance to engage. So, we're staying close to it beyond the rates. Marvin reiterated the primary drivers of our business, and that's been consistent. So, we're balancing rate activity with some broader recovery that we see across some of these other metrics that we track very closely.
Brandon Sink: Yeah. We'll hold off on getting too much into that detail. I think the punchline, Zach, is the framework still holds. It is -- as we look relative to what we talked about in December of '22, I think the degree of step back now that we've seen in '23 and now that what we're seeing in '24 is a little bit worse than our original expectations. But we're not going to call the turn or the inflection point. We do believe there's a lot of pent-up demand. We do have a lot of confidence in the medium- to long-term drivers. When we do get back to kind of that mid-single-digit recovery in comp that we've traditionally seen in home improvement, we believe we can outpace that with the initiatives that we have in place. And the degree and the timing of the expansion on operating margin, again, is going to be contingent on the pace in which that top-line recovers.
Brandon Sink: Brian, this is Brandon. Look, mortgage rates, obviously, coming down. We expect that to continue to come down further as we turn into '25, but we look at consumer sentiment, existing home sales, housing affordability, those are still concerns. We continue to see pressure there. Consumers are still showing a preference for services versus goods, especially in home improvement. An improvement in these macro trends, we should see and drive sustained increase in discretionary projects in DIY traffic. So, particularly, in the bigger-ticket categories, which is what we're watching for, that's the inflection that we expect. But in terms of the timing and our ability to call that, that's what's unclear to us at this point.
