Gregory Bridgeford: Yes, Scot. That's the track record since the categories that we've had to go through a reset have actually stabilized from an inventory standpoint. In other words, I don't have inventory flowing in to fill in the new set. I don't have inventory clearance that would be creating noise on the numbers. So that is the continuing comp performance of the summation of that through what now is about 2.5 months of stabilization of categories. And as I mentioned last quarter, we only had a handful of categories that had reached that, if you want to call it, normalization stage. In this quarter, we're seeing the results -- we're seeing those results about between 3 and 4 dozen categories have reached that normalization stage now and more coming every week. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Sure. It's still in the range. We're still under 20% at this point of categories that have normalized. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Sure, Colin. This is Greg. Be happy to. We are making good progress on the inventory reduction efforts through the line review process. And then as we reset the lines, as you know, reinvesting a portion of that reduction back into the higher velocity categories. On the cost side, we have made good progress since we've begun the accelerated product line review rotation. And to be honest with you, the way we're looking at this is that this is an ongoing commitment to disciplined line review process. So while we are focused on -- we've talked about goals of inventory reduction in the 10% range and cost reduction in the 5% range, we recognize this is a long-term process to basically to improve, continually improve our entire operating model from the product sales standpoint. And it's not going to happen over a quarter, it's not going to happen -- this is a commitment to something that we're going to do within our merchandising, logistics and operating ranks longer term. So that's -- we're seeing continual progress as we continue to cycle through the first rotation of the accelerated product line review processes. And we're actually will come into 2013 and begin second cycles of some product categories. 
Gregory Bridgeford: We're making progress. We've exceeded our inventory goals, Colin. We are work -- making progress towards our cost-reduction goals. And obviously, there's about a half dozen product line reviews going on right now. So it's good progress. I like the trends that we're seeing. And it's a continual commitment to do this. 
Gregory Bridgeford: No, I would categorize this into 2 buckets, Colin. I said we're below 20% right now. I wasn't giving 20% as a pinpoint. But I'd categorized it into 2 buckets of product. One is the in-line, interior or exterior steady-state demand type product. And I would say that the paint example, the flooring example that we've been pretty public with are good examples of that, hardware, rough plumbing, rough electrical. Then there are some seasonal categories and some commodity categories, where we have seen more variability. That's expected. And that's where we have seen the variability within the numbers. The steady-state, more predictable demand categories are performing within a much tighter band and they're performing above expectations. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Chris, this is Greg. It is a combination of lower first cost through the accelerated product line review process. And we're experiencing above-expectation performance in gross margin of our nonproductive inventory, a.k.a. clearance items. And I credit that to a joint effort on the part of the merchants, the logisticians and a tremendous commitment by the operators to make sure that we sell through this clearance inventory at as much full margin as possible. And the way it's been handled, it's been -- we've been selling a lot of product in line and a lot of product off of a couple of promotional space or drops in spaces we've devoted to clearance inventory, and now a couple of endcaps that we're devoting to clearance inventory. So good success there, and combined with a good positive first cost reduction on key categories that we're seeing the benefit of through the accelerated product line review process. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Well, it depends on the categories that are being reviewed at that time, Chris. So you'll see some variation in that number. But our expectations of, obviously, first cost reduction through the product line review process. And I don't really -- I mean, I think we've said set some very good standards and excellent processes to drive the nonproductive inventory gross margin productivity. I expect that to continue. But you'll see some variation as different categories get reviewed through the oncoming months before we begin to cycle our first series of this product line reviews, which was late, late last year. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Sure, I will, Gary. This is Greg. Couple of key categories within the endcap and drop zone programs that are all part of product differentiation that -- or have been highlights in the program is the innovation endcaps, where we're focusing effort to bring new products to the market and in some cases, new categories such as connected home through our launch of our high-risk connected home platform for customers. The key to that is being able to demystify some of these innovations and bring them -- bring customers' interaction with them. So the way that we've been able to communicate through running videos on the endcaps have driven sales of those products actually in excess of expectations. The other category of endcaps that have done very well are the value endcaps. And what previously I mentioned that I think we can make there are aligning them closer to the categories that they are home to and make them pull-in to the categories. Whether it's rough plumbing, whether it's lighting, whether it's a seasonal category, make sure that the adjacency is correct for that. We've not done the greatest job of that since we started the program. We're making improvements for that every month, and as we cycle in new products, making sure that the adjacencies are stronger and that the items that we pick are more impactful. So we've seen sequential improvement in the productivity, particularly in the innovation endcaps, particularly in the value endcaps and in specific drop zones. And we're working, we're taking that information and improving it every month as it goes along. And it's run by a cross-functional team, lots of input from operations about what's working and what's not working and a lot of the effort from logistics to make sure that we're backing those endcaps with the proper amount of inventory. 
Gregory Bridgeford: I think again I'd say that adjacencies haven't been our strong spot, so we have a heavy focus on that. We've made improvements in those in the last 3 months. And as we cycle through the placement of new product, I would say that we've done -- made big steps to correct that problem area. The other category that I would say that did not work very well were some of the theme endcaps such as creative ideas. It's a great concept. It's bringing together aspects of an entire project for the customer. But in some cases, the effort to try to get a customer to connect with the 6 different components of a product really rail against our mantra of keep it simple. 
Gregory Bridgeford: They're done, they're done. We took them out. So we're making running changes to make improvements in this particular program. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Dan, another -- this is Greg. Another positive impact on gross margins for the quarter was we stated at the end of the second quarter that we knew we could manage our promotional activities better. And the [indiscernible] on driving anchor items, which would improve attachment rates and balancing that with traffic-driving items, that was a keen focus in Q3. And it's paid off. So I think our promotional efforts are much more accretive from a gross margin standpoint. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Yes, Rob, I just would mention that now we're up to about 300,000 -- almost 400,000 items on Lowes.com. The acquisition of ATG has really helped us accelerate the addition of critical relevant items to that experience. And we're finding that 1 out of 4 customers in some way through their shopping purchase process is in contact with dot-com. It's in one of those phases. So the addition of flexible fulfillment has helped quite a bit. And we're seeing the dot-com revenue, the penetration is exceeding expectations right now. And I would say that there's – in large part helped by the MyLowe's, which really is a loyalty program in a sense from that point and Flexible Fulfillment, which is giving customers what I think are relevant options to make sure that they can get a product where they want and how they want it. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Yes. Matt, they spend more overall. And they continue to transact more often and they spend more transactions than those customers that aren't in the program. So those trends continue. 
Robert Hull: So Budd, yes, there are a lot of moving pieces associated with the week shift impact. As you know, we had a significant drop in gross margin for the fourth quarter last year. So we do anticipate an increase in gross margin in Q4 this year. The expected increase will be a bit larger than the 26 basis points that we saw in Q3, so we're making continued progress on the line reviews. As Greg described, we're early in the process of resetting stores. We're seeing good benefit, but there's still a very small percentage that's been fed to date. As we continue to reset additional lines, we'll continue to see greater improvement in both sales, the comp impact from those new sets, as well as gross margin. 
Robert Hull: Sure. So our stock price certainly has improved today relative to the $28.68 average share repurchase price in Q3. And as we take a look at a long-term financial performance, we still feel that the stock is attractive at the current price. The modest decline in share repurchases for the year really relates to the decline in cash flow from operations. As I mentioned, we've got a bit of a working capital drag relative to 90 days, but nothing substantial. So that's contributing to the decline in net working capital as relates to APU is just timing. 
Robert Hull: So as we talked about, we're working on a number of things to kind of right-size our cost structure. As you know, we took some assets last year including store closings and realigning the field structure. We implemented the voluntary separation program early this year. We continue to realign our corporate office. The store teams continue to evaluate opportunities to serve customers in a more efficient fashion. So there's not any one thing I could point to, Dave. There's a number of things that are kind of in flight that we've referenced in our progression to 10% operating profit in 2015 at the analyst conference last year. 
Robert Hull: Sure, Greg. So as we take a look at the ticket buckets, the below $50 were approximately positive 1.3%. The above $500 were up approximately 2.5% with everything in the middle being up roughly 1.6%. 
Robert Hull: Sure. So if you go back to the beginning of the year, I think our initial estimate was that at year end, inventory would be roughly $400 million below year-end 2011. The current estimate is about $200 million lower end of '12 relative to end of '11. Second, AP was a bit higher relative to inventory up 3% end of Q3 against a flat inventory. But as we forecasted timing of purchases for the year, it's still expected to be a modest drag relative to initial expectations. And then the third item, Colin -- I mean, Greg, excuse me, relates to deferred taxes as we evaluated the impact of bonus depreciation last year. So if you think about the large CapEx spend principally in IT, the opportunity to fully appreciate that in 2011 gave us a nice benefit, cash flow benefit in 2011. We're now cycling against that in 2012, where booked depreciation is, in fact, higher than tax depreciation. So those are really 3 big drivers of the reduction in cash flow from operations relative to our initial expectations on the Q4 2011 call. 
Robert Hull: So generally speaking, yes, it's a normal course of business, it's the pushes and pulls of running a business. However, we talked about on the Q1 call the cadence of the line reviews were going to take a little bit longer than expected, so there's a small impact from that. But generally speaking, it is just the normal puts and takes. 
Robert Hull: So Chris, as we take a look at the impacts fourth quarter, Sandy helped about 30 basis points. Isaac helped about 30 basis points. Irene hurt about 65 basis points, so a modest drag from the aggregate of the 3. We didn't go specifically determine the impact of Sandy on Q3. But if you take -- what would be hard to do the math on 4 weeks out of 13 weeks, given the 30 basis points. Looking forward, we believe there is some upside related to Hurricane Sandy. We certainly want to be there for folks as communities rebuild. It's very difficult for us to estimate what the potential impact is going forward. But as we have later quarters, we'll tell you what the estimated impact was for that quarter. 
Robert Hull: Dan, I think the number was down 99 basis points Q3 last year of margin. The short answer is yes. If you think about the gross margin outlook that we shared at the analyst conference last fall, we still think those targets are appropriate. So as Greg and the team take a look at the line design, yes, there are certainly margin opportunity like reconstructing the line design to be better market-assorted should also drive top line improvement, which is what we're looking for. This never wasn't intended to be solely on margins, it was having line design that was more reflective of the local market opportunity that we thought we were missing. 
Robert Hull: So as we talked about, the estimated impact of Sandy is very difficult to estimate. We're watching [indiscernible] of what's taking place with the fiscal cliff. We're also mindful of comparisons relative to last year, specifically a very difficult January. So we're off to the start we expected to be, and we're comfortable with the outlook we just provided. 
Robert Hull: So Michael, it was up 0.2% in the quarter, comp traffic was; a variety of items. Greg talked about the lawn and garden performance with the attachment rates. Our commercial business was up actually a little better than the company average. I think it's a little early to suggest that housing has a material impact on our business. We certainly think as we get into 2013 and the housing recovery continues to gain traction, we'll start to see more of that benefit as we move forward. But I think it's a little premature to see that show up in our numbers at this point. 
Robert Hull: Yes. So we guide off GAAP. We had some nonoperating charges in Q3. Those impacted our EBITDA outlook for the year. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, Dave. It's Robert. Certainly, any comments with regard to any specific company would not be appropriate. Or anything about the change in management as to why that took place, it's not appropriate for us to comment on that. I think as we've said before, we like Canada from a market standpoint. It's – but we're pleased with the performance of our 32 stores. I think we've got a couple of more opening before the end of the year. We're continuing to make improvements in the operations of those stores, but we need more scale. And so the scales we've talked about is going to come from opening additional big-box stores, looking at other formats. We just launched in October our e-commerce site in Canada. So that's a big plus, where now our consumers can buy online, have a product either shipped to their home or pick it up in store. And I think we've got over 30,000 items available on the website. So we think that was a competitive disadvantage previously in the market. And we'll also continue to look at acquisitions as a potential way for expansion. So we're going to evaluate all options. But as far as any comments with regard to where we stand with a particular company, it would not be appropriate for me to address. 
Robert Niblock: This is Robert, Matt. I would say most of that would be before because if you think about the storm hit on a Monday night, okay, Monday night and that our quarter ended on that Friday, so 4 days after the storm. So you've got to consider that starting on Monday, you start having store closures. So you had, as Greg said in his comments, over 140 stores that had their operating hours impacted to some extent. By the end of that week, we'd gotten all the stores back open except for the Rosedale, New York store that I spoke about that opened last Wednesday. So it was closed for a couple of weeks. So yes, more of it would have been preparatory because you had a lot of stores' operating hours closed, and then of course, by Friday, it was the end of the quarter. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Greg. But our activations now, unique swipes are up, it's about 14.5 million. We've got over 4 million registered users, so continuing to see a great response to MyLowe's. One of the key items that is used, which is a tremendous benefit for customers, is the purchase history. So whether they're buying in-store, online, no matter what channel, if they've got everything out and registered, all of those sales, they have the history of that out there. So it's a convenient way for them to be able to manage everything about their home. So we're seeing great response. Greg, did you have... 
Robert Niblock: As always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our fourth quarter 2012 results on February 25. Have a great day. 
