Robert Hull: Sure, Chris. This is Bob Hull. First, our outlook for the second quarter was approximately 2% comps. I think, you mentioned 2% to 3%. We don't normally provide updates the start to quarter based on how poor our April sales trends were. As I said in my comments, we are performing much better than April. In fact, we're performing much -- we're performing better than we did in first quarter, and we are confident in our Q2 outlook. We did miss some seasonal sales in Q1. We expect to recover some of those in Q2, which leads to our 2% comp outlook for the second quarter. As it relates to margin, we are expecting some nominal margin decline in the back half of the year. Some of that comes from fuel costs. Fuel was up early in the year, still is up relative to last year. We'll see that as it sells through cost of goods negatively impacting gross margin Q2 and into the back half of the year. In addition, our shrink rate was up slightly, by 10 basis points. In the first quarter, we expected it to be up, roughly, 5 basis points for the rest of the year, which is contributing to the decline in margin for the year.
Robert Hull: Chris, this is Bob again. Based on how the 5% off is accounted for, it will contribute to some gross margin rate pressure. The promotional financing hits SG&A as a tender cost, so there will be some flip between the margin pressure and expense benefit between the 2. It should be -- however, because of the tender shift from bank card to proprietary credit, it should be accretive to EBIT for the year.
Robert Hull: Sure, John. As Rick talked about in his comments, appliances had roughly a 9% 2-year comp, so we were down roughly 6% Q1 this year on top of a 16% positive comp Q1 last year. We had strong appliance comps in Q2 last year, so we expect a decline as well, with it being somewhat flat in the back half of year. As it relates to the second part of your question regarding shrink, we really don't have any concerns as it relates to inventory shrink. Our shrink is -- was at historically low levels in 2010. Some of the increase in shrink as a percent of sales was really based on the comp decline in Q1. And again, we'll have a nominal increase in shrink as a percent of sales in the back half of the year.
Robert Hull: Brian, so really the decrease in the comp estimate for Q2 in the back half of the year means less fixed cost leverage, so we expect both gross margin and SG&A to be down slightly, offset by depreciation leverage, which gets us to the roughly 10-basis-point decline in EBIT for the year.
Robert Hull: It moves around based on sales and level performance. Last year, leverage was about 10 basis points in Q2 and roughly 20 for the year.
Robert Hull: Again, Greg, we don't provide commentary in the beginning of the quarter normally. We only did so because of the severe downturn in the month of April. I wanted to allay any fears that, that level of performance was continuing into May. Our trends are running better than we did for both April and Q1, which gives us confidence that as the weather improves, we'll be able to recapture some of the lost seasonal business in Q1 and achieve our 2% comp outlook for the quarter.
Robert Hull: I think that's right, Greg. We already had a value proposition in place, which was no-interest financing. Previously, it was no interest, no payments. Government regulations decreased the value that the customer saw in that. The 5% is really just to give the customer a choice. They can choose the 5%, they can choose 6, 12 or 18 months no interest, depending upon what we're running at that point in time. So it is an opportunity to get more of those consumable purchases on the proprietary credit to affect a tender shift and to increase the value proposition of the proprietary program.
Robert Hull: Dan, it's a little bit all of the above. As we said, it initially was designed to try to garner some of those smaller repair and maintenance purchases, those convenience purchases. We are seeing the customer even above $299 take advantage of the 5% off. Again, it's their choice. We're giving them that option. What we are seeing, Dan, is a little bit different customer. We are seeing a little bit higher FICO score coming into the program, which tells us we are seeing some shift from bank card. So we're pleased to see that as part of the design listed and, in fact, have that tender shift, so -- but customers are using it for small purchases and large purchases.
Robert Hull: It's both. So incremental sales will drive some improvement, and then the shift in tender will help as well.
Robert Hull: In the test, we saw sufficient application lift, sales lift and tender transfer to roll it out last month.
Robert Hull: We just take, basically, Q3 and Q4 down 0.5% or so comp estimate, which is driving the EPS decline. So just assume basically 2% comp for quarters 2, 3 and 4.
Robert Hull: Gary, so this is Bob. We started rolling out Base Price Optimization. Q2 of last year got some benefit in Q2 last year and then started seeing roughly 25 basis points Q3 running forward to Base Price Optimization and patch area expansion combined. So we'll cycle against that in Q3 this year. We do expect some benefit this quarter as we cycle against last year's implementation. We'll continue to refine it, and it should be additive. And greater proportion of private label should be additive to gross margin for the balance of the year. However, we do have the fuel negative impact I mentioned, some modest shrink impact and then just kind of the unknown, what takes place with inflation, which is why we're somewhat cautious on our margin outlook.
Robert Hull: I don't know what you got in there. I've provided you all the pieces in the outlook. We can certainly have you follow up with Investor Relations after the call.
Robert Hull: Michael, we've -- take a look at all potential competitive responses from a variety of offerings. So we try to understand what the marketplace looks like, but at the end of the day, we try to run our game plan and deliver on our outlook that we just provided.
Robert Hull: What we can tell you, Dennis, is that the -- for the exterior categories in the Northeast and North Central, they were down roughly 19% for the quarter. So that was really driving most of the impact. As Rick described, the categories that performed better were 200 to 300 basis points better, so closer towards where we're confirmed for the overall company average for the quarter.
Robert Hull: Yes. So that number is closer to, I think, 37%, 38% for the -- excuse me, it's 34% for the first quarter. It's probably 35% to 38% for the second quarter. And one other thing I'll mentioned regarding the second quarter is we did have a strong April last year, which means our season categories performed really well last year, which means our season categories struggled in Q2 last year, with nursery being our worst-performing category at a minus 6% along with outdoor power equipment and seasonal living also being negative, which is why we think we can have improved performance in Q2 this year.
Robert Niblock: Brian, this is Robert Niblock. If you look at overall -- also in the TraQline numbers, that we're out there on a rolling-4-quarters basis. We did see kind of slight improvement in our market share on a rolling-4-quarters basis, so -- and that equal to anybody else out there in the industry. So we don't really think there were any declines in market share. And as you are aware, TraQline only relates to retail sales. It does not impact or does not track commercial sales. But we think the biggest impact is, as Bob and Rick described, during the quarter, was primarily weather-related conditions. And then secondly, we are starting to see in our consumer survey that consumers are mentioning the impact of fuel prices starting to impact their purchase decisions. And when we think about discretionary income and the fact that when fuel prices go up, it does limit their ability to spend on discretionary basis, part of that is what we've taken into account as we've looked at over the balance of the year. And I think Bob also alluded in his comments that as we look over the balance of the year with what's going on with housing, with fuel prices, those types of things, you're starting to hear some of the economists talk about potentially the bottoming in home prices extending beyond the second half of the year and, potentially, into the first half of 2012. So overall, from a market-share standpoint, we think we're executing well and continue to maintain and gain share in a lot of categories. But it's really more macro things rather than the impact that we saw in the quarter plus weather.
Robert Niblock: I think Bob gave the numbers that are on comp traffic. Did you say traffic was down 3.4%, and ticket was up 0.1% to come to the 3.3% negative comp.
Robert Niblock: Scott, this is Robert Niblock. The biggest impact, as we said, during the quarter we thought was the unseasonable weather that took place over many parts of the country, primarily in April. As I said in my comments, I think, until like week 8, we were running with -- in line -- ahead of our plan. Bob took you through the comp trends for the month, and we've actually seen for the first 2 weeks of May, we've seen seasonal categories bounce back very strong, where we've had -- which were where the biggest shortfall was. In Q1 seasonal categories bounced back very strong as weather improved in May. This weekend was a little bit of a challenge, when you look at the weather across the country. But we see the weather improve, not only just the fact of improved weather, but also the opportunity to pick up some of those sales that were delayed from the first quarter into the second quarter. It feels it leads us to being comfortable with the guidance that we've provided today. And we think we've been sufficiently conservative in that guidance to take into account the impact of fuel prices and everything else that is impacting the customers' mindset today, so -- and we've put a lot of rigor into coming up with the outlook and believe that it's achievable based on what we see out there and what we've seen quarter-to-date in the performance as we, particularly, if we look at where that performance is coming from.
Robert Niblock: As always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our second quarter results on August 15. Have a great day.
