Robert Hull: So as we think about Q2, I talked about some improving execution. So we had implemented some procedures, specifically sales and operations planning that allows us to work on behalf of the customer in a more collaborative and coordinated fashion, so that's aiding this year's performance. But if you think back to Q2 last year, we had a lot of moving pieces as it relates to the value of voluntary separation program, the change in commission for some of the sales folks in the store floor. We had some reset challenges, the execution of resets related to Value Improvement. We had inconsistent promotion activity in Q2 last year. So some of the benefit in Q2 was specific to recovery of some disruption in Q2 last year. Also as you think about the external factors I described, the recovery of the lost sales from Q1, lumber inflation and Hurricane Sandy, 200 or so basis points, largely doesn't continue into the second half of the year. And then lastly, Dave, I'll talk about interest rates. We're seeing positive momentum in housing, but the wildcard is interest rates and the impact it has on housing affordability. So we're kind of watchful of that potential impact. 
Robert Hull: So Budd, this is Bob. The $200 million relates to many factors, not just ACs. So it does relate to, as Rick described -- as we think about going through the lines, we're adding greater depth of inventory to the products that are -- the 8 items, the highest velocity items, so greater in-stock levels there. Also, we do have some seasonal -- so that's the bulk of it. We do have some carryover for both air conditioners and ceiling fans. As we think about seasonal product, we evaluate the quality of that product, whether it makes sense to mark it down at that point in time or carry over. AC is a category where there's not much change year-over-year. So as we think about carrying over air conditioners, there's really no impact to the 2014 line. There's no risk to the line. There's no risk of damaging the product as we carried over through the season. So yes, we have done that before and feel comfortable with that decision. 
Robert Hull: Yes, so 2 comments. One related to your guidance question, Michael. So you asked about where we were so far. So if you think about our 4.5% comp for our outlook for the year relative to the 4.6%, that implies a comp of 4%, 4.5% in the second half of the year. I will tell you that August to date, we are running somewhere between that 4% to 4.5%, and the 11.3% we ran in July. So a nice big range for you. The other point I'll make, Michael, really ties together your question on payroll and the prior questions on inventory. So as we think about the second quarter, we saw a ramp in industry demand that we haven't seen for quite some time. In fact, reported our highest quarter comp in almost 10 years. So we were focused on capitalizing on the opportunity. As you heard from Rick, we'll focus on the inventory productivity that we outlined in 2015. We'll get there, but we didn't want to lose sight of the opportunity that was in front of us in this quarter. 
Robert Hull: So following up on Robert's response to Michael's question. Our outlook for 2013 is a function of taking our year-to-date performance, plus our prior expectations for the second half of the year. So yes, it looks like on a 1% sales increase to EBIT, only goes up 5 basis points. We didn't change our second half outlook. We do expect the 4% to 4.5% comp in the second half to be balanced across ticket and traffic. We do have some expense pressures that we talked about previously, the 10 basis points from additional labor hours. Reset expense is actually 20 basis points. We talked about 10 basis points previously. It's now 20 basis points for the year in incentive comp. We modeled the year at -- performance at target given where we are to date. Sales and earnings are forecasted above our plan, which means that we're accruing a bonus above target, which is another 10 or so basis points. So we've got some expense pressures that are probably resulting in the flow-through rate looking less than what we've guided in the past, which is the 20 basis points for each point of comp. That's what's taking place in the second half of the year. 
Robert Hull: It should be more steady going forward. As we think about the nature of timing of asset adds, the last big store ramp was Q4 of 2005, a lot of the 7-year assets become fully depreciated or ramping up a couple of years ago, some IT, which is 3-year lives, that caused some of the lumpiness that we saw in 2012. I think we'll see more consistent depreciation going forward. 
Robert Hull: Yes. I guess, I'm not sure where the 10 basis points comes from. We're at 82 for the first half of the year and expect 65 for the second half, so the 10 basis... 
Robert Hull: Yes. So it's really somewhat of a function of the lines that are reviewed and the timing of the reviews within quarter. As Rick outlined in his comments, we still believe and still are seeing the average mid-single-digit comp increase, 100 basis points of gross margin stabilize. So nothing that would indicate that we'd see anything different in the second half. 
Robert Hull: Chris, this is Bob. You mentioned 2-year comps in Q2. Given that we had some shift in demand between Q1 and Q2, I'd encourage you to take a look at the 2-year stack for the first half, which is 5.6%. And then you take a look at the outlook for the second half, basically assumes that our 2-year comp would be in the 5.5% to 6% range. So we do have tougher comparisons in the second half of the year. But on a 2-year comparable basis, we're expecting relatively the same performance, second half versus first half. 
Robert Hull: A little bit of both. I think, specifically, as we talk about last year, we have probably 2 lighter promotions for Memorial Day, didn't get the attachment rate. We responded by larger big-ticket promotions. We didn't get the unit movement. So I think it's a little bit of impact all across the quarter. 
Robert Niblock: Dave, I'll start, and then I'll have Greg jump in. This is Robert. Yes, I think part of it is underlying economic fundamentals we've talked about, which we attribute part of the increase in the quarter to. That as home prices started to move up, I think it does have homeowners feeling gradually better about willingness to spend, particularly as you get to big-ticket durables. And I think some of the appliances, some of those things are probably some of the purchases that consumers have otherwise delayed during the downturn because they could get better clarity with regard to where the value of their home was moving. So I think part of that is coming into -- you're seeing part of that come into play. It's no different than what you're seeing in the auto industry and other places where you're seeing consumers have a willingness to move towards some of those big-ticket durables, as they're feeling gradually better about things. But specific to appliances and what we're seeing, Greg, if you want to add something. 
Robert Niblock: The overall -- Laura, this is Robert. I think we feel really good about our in-stock positions. A lot of the cross-functional work that we've talked about, certainly our strength with our extensive logistics and distribution network that we have out there has allowed us to stay very comfortable with in-stock positions that we have. And we've said, the seasonal categories, the air conditions, from a follow-up on the last question, yes, we've still time to sell a big part of that and it's an easy product to carry over to next year. So we feel really good about in-stock. But Rick, I'll let you. 
Robert Niblock: Brian, I'll start. This is Robert. Certainly, if you look at any of the numbers out there with regard to refinancing or new home sales, housing turnover, those type of things, certainly, you're seeing the impact of interest rate starting to show up in some of those numbers. As I said earlier, I think, however, the biggest impact that we have seen so far -- positive impact, we think, on the business to date has been the fact that overall, from macro environment, home price is starting to move up and the strong housing turnover job gains that we've seen to date, we think that, that's contributed to what we've seen in the business. Yes, interest rates, I think, over the past -- since May or something are up about 110 basis points or so. So it is starting to have an impact on refinancings, those type of things. As long as it kind of stays in this area, moves up a little more gradually, we think, has some impact, but we're not overly concerned about it. If you start seeing interest rates that were to -- yet to move north of the 6% interest rate for a 30-year mortgage, we think that, that would probably start to have some impacts that we would start feeling in the business. 
Robert Niblock: Eric, I'll start and get others to jump in. Certainly, as we've talked about with our sales and ops planning, I think we're doing a much better job approaching the business on a cross-functional basis, which is helping getting the promotional cadence right, helping with the lines, helping -- making sure that we responded to demand that we saw in the second quarter. And certainly, with the resets, the Value Improvement, those type of things, we think we'll start to hit our stride, so that we're moving through those. We've got a good cadence to them, continuing with the markdown and clearing of the older inventories, as the offsets get more normalized. After we've done that sell-through, we're starting -- continue to see the margin performance that we anticipate. And so we're optimistic about the path we're on, and as we've indicated, expect most of those -- majority of those resets to be done by the end of the year. So we feel good about that and the ability to be able to deliver our margin goals for the second half. 
Robert Niblock: All right. Thanks, Eric. And as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our third quarter 2013 results on Wednesday, November 20. Have a great day. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Sure. Dave, I agree with Robert, from a kind of household economic trend standpoint. I think we are seeing the impact of what's been delayed spending now coming into our favor. And what's important for us and what drove our share increases in Q2 was innovation. The launch of LG continues to provide a lot of momentum for the category. Also, new innovative products from Samsung, innovative products from Bosch, some new rollouts from GE and Whirlpool. That's been -- have been driving our sales in appliances. And I think we've gotten into the cadence, Bob mentioned it earlier. I think we've gotten into the cadence of the proper balance of traffic, driving promotions and ticket building promotions, too. So that's been a big hit in terms of driving sales and driving margin simultaneously. 
Gregory Bridgeford: And Laura, this is Greg Bridgeford. The only thing I'd add to Rick's comments would be that when you look at the top 4 categories that had above average performance for the quarter. 3 of the 4 are what we call flow-through and sell-out categories. And one of the keys to the quarter was really a tremendous performance on the part of our vendors, our logistics teams and our store operations teams from being able to flow through that much inventory and putting in the hands of the customers, whether it's an outdoor power equipment, live goods, lawn and garden, hardlines or appliances. That was one of the keys to the quarter. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Sure. Brian, as we discussed, we're -- as Rick discussed, we're making a lot of progress with Value Improvement. We did perform a normal amount of resets for the second quarter and provided the bulk of the -- when you look at the lift that Bob detailed, 55 basis points attributed to Value Improvement. It's -- we continue to see progress being made in, what I'd call, the interior categories, which is in the center of the stores. As we execute resets and refresh the lines, that's provided a strong basis for the business because you saw a very balanced performance across the categories for Lowe's. And then going into the season, obviously, we performed line reviews preseason for categories, such as the lawn and garden. And we actually do line reviews about twice a year on the appliance categories, as new models and innovations roll out, so continue to be a major foundational factor in our performance. And it's at a point now, as Rick mentioned, with 50% of lines reaching a form of stabilization, where it is becoming part of our business. And it's a solid foundation to our business. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Matt, I'll start. And then anyone else want to add in, but what we've seen is, again, probably the most, one of the most balanced performances that I've ever seen from a category performance. So we saw strong demand for the bigger ticket project categories in a way that we haven't seen in recent time periods, whether it's kitchen cabinets, whether it was appliance sales or whether it was fashion plumbing sales. We're seeing strength in those categories and interest and traffic in those categories that we haven't seen in previous quarters. So as we look at the focus of a lot of our VIP [ph] work over the last 9 months, we're coming in somewhat of a sweet spot as we get into the second half of the year because 60% of all project sales come from flooring, paint, bath and appliances. And we put a lot of effort in those categories to make sure that we're able to capture that customer demand. As I mentioned before, we're really working hard to execute and maintain a good cadence of promotional activity that is margin accretive, is foot traffic driving, builds basket and is margin accretive in the process. And that's part of this plan as we head into the second half of the year. 
Gregory Bridgeford: I'll start, Chris. This is Greg Bridgeford. We did see probably more moisture on a nationwide basis in July, more moisture in the ground than we've seen in years, maybe a decade. And it did drive the opportunity for sustained live goods sales, bagged goods sales and in particular, outdoor power equipment sales, as the normal dryness that hits in July and August didn't retard the growth of grass. So I think we had a very strong performance in the outdoor power equipment categories, in particular. And we were able to execute against that because we were ready. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Yes, I'd say I agree with Bob, Chris. It was a May issue, May to mid-June issue, and then a separate issue in the latter half of the second quarter. The cadence and the integration and the collaboration that we're executing through our sales and ops planning process today is helping to drive the balance performance that you saw in Q2. We intend to improve on this process and it's really driving -- it's really enabling us to meet expectations in terms of our performance. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Yes. And probably the last element, Eric, would be our big-ticket categories. So we perform very well the balance of driving sales and driving margins. So as you can tell from the categories that performed above average, we -- you wouldn't see that kind of margin performance unless we manage those very well. And it was a great execution, I think, on the part of the teams. On the sales floor, we're able to be able to deliver these big-ticket projects and items to customers with a good margin outcome. 
Rick Damron: Budd, this is Rick. We continue to see good growth in the pro for the quarter. Our pro business outperformed our sales totals, our comp totals. You look at it, overall, it's roughly, we say, approximately 25% of our total volume at this point in time. If you think back to several initiatives that we launched midyear last year, we're gaining tractions with those. When you look at the focus that we've got on the MRO, the maintenance and repair customers when they come into the stores, as well as the reorganization that went through and talked about, our account executive of ProServices in the field, getting them focused on building strong relationships with our core customers and really pulling that together as a cross-functional program across the organization to make sure that we're really doing the things that benefit the pro. I talked a little bit about it in our opening comments. The job lot, the job lot inventories, making sure we have the right depth of inventory. Being able to present those effectively to the pro customer has really benefited. You look at Northlake and our product differentiation aspects and the freeing up of endcap space have allowed us to present our contractor pack of value offerings to the pro customer, which is a way to give them discounts on multiunit purchases. And then the every day value proprietary credit has also really benefited that category. So we've been extremely pleased with the programs the teams have built, the progress that we're making and traction we're making as the pro continues to rebound in the marketplace. 
Rick Damron: Yes. Laura, this is Rick. As you think about inventory in general, I think it's important to go back and realize some of the changes that we've made to our strategy this year. That is helping us impact our in-stock levels in the stores today in what we're continuing to do. We talked about previously, as we'd looked at opportunities for inventory moving into 2013, that we saw some opportunities to improve our in-stock positions. Actions that we took were greater than the job lot inventory, meaning that we have greater depth of inventory available for our pros and our DIY customers when they come into the stores to complete those projects. We also increased our in-store targeted service level across many items, particularly those that have gone through the Value Improvement line initiatives to drive greater in-stock levels of those -- of that inventory when those categories come out of that line review. So that has helped us meet those demands as well. And then as it relates to Q2, related to seasonal categories, remember, we talked about in Q1, the way that we built our inventories, more aggressively to hit those high seasonal peaks and demands for the consumer allowed us to capture that upside -- and that initial spike when the consumer was ready, and that allowed us to proactively flow that inventory for the remainder of the season. So I think collectively, all of those initiatives have played out very well and have us in a good position going into the second half of the year. 
Rick Damron: Yes. Michael, this is Rick. I'll take that. Right now, we're comfortable with the program that we have in place and executing against that 150 hours. I think it's -- when you go back and you look at the analysis that we did when we put those numbers, put those sales hours back in, we felt confident that, that would get us back to where we were from a service level and an hours level to meet the sales needed for the quarter. So we feel confident in that program. We're still making adjustments to that program as we move into Q3, and looking at how we allocate the hours, what departments we allocate the hours into and how we mix them across the floor. But we're still comfortable that the 150 hours is the appropriate number. We don't see, at this point in time, a need to increase those hours. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Eric, this is Rick. I would just add a couple of things to that. First being -- and this references back to the sales and ops planning that Greg spoke about. Dennis Knowles and the store teams have done an outstanding job this year in driving attachment items to the project item, much better than we've done in the past, increasing the basket size, so that we're able to add those higher margin components onto the total transaction from a store standpoint. That goes back to a lot of the training that he and the leaders of store operations rolled out in the past year of selling at Lowe's, getting the stores to really understand attachment. And assisting the customer throughout the entire project has really been beneficial to helping us drive that margin. And again, that goes back to a lot of the sales and ops planning that Greg spoke about earlier. The other thing I think that we've done a great job from -- on is understanding the reset activity itself. We talked about a lot of missteps when we first started rolling this out last year, going back into understanding the flow of the reset, making go, no-go decisions based upon preset guardrails and criteria before we allow it to hit the store, driving a better overall reset for the store to execute against, and the consumer when they come in, helping us manage the amount of nonproductive inventory to a greater degree, so we're not seeing that have a bigger drag on us as we did last year at the same time. Greg, I don't know if you have anything else you'd like to say. 
