Marvin Ellison: Simeon, this is a very good question. We actually feel great about the transformation. I mean, obviously, we don't have perfect visibility to the future and we had no idea, as no one did, that we'd be dealing with a global pandemic in the year 2020. But when I think about how far we've progressed in 2 years, when you look at the digital platform and our online business, the last 2 quarters growing 135%; last quarter, 106%. In the third quarter, we were at levels that we could not have even imagined just 12 to 16 months ago, merchandising initiatives, supply chain.  I think the key for us is that we're not really concerned about the short term. We know this is a great brand, we have a strong balance sheet and we're trying to make the right investments in the future. When I look around at the accomplishments of the team, I'm exceptionally proud because we're a little bit ahead of schedule, as Dave mentioned. And we think that we're going to start to lean into taking market share.  And at the December 9 investor update, we're going to be a lot more specific about kind of where we are in this transformation and how we see the out-years and where we believe that we can really start to pick up additional market share. But overall, I couldn't be more pleased with the progress of this team. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, I'll take the first part and see if Dave has any additional context. Dave mentioned that we're committed to fundamental expenses relative to cleaning and providing a safe environment for our associates and customers in our physical stores. And so that is something that we are committed to continuing to execute.  We're going to just monitor all other aspects of the needs of our associates and determine what, if any, additional investments need to be made in the fourth quarter. We've actually followed that philosophy for the last couple of quarters, and the fourth quarter won't be any different.   I don't know if Dave has anything to add. 
Marvin Ellison: Kate, it's really difficult for us to give you a very specific forecast on that. Obviously, this is the most difficult environment for any kind of a financial forecast. But I think at a high level, we anticipate that you're going to see that gap continue to close and the Pros will start to gain more of a penetration as we start to have less of the nesting effect when we get to this post-COVID environment.  One of the reasons we're making all of these investments in the Pro, and as Joe and I both mentioned, I mean we grew the business over 20% in the third quarter, is because we're anticipating this post-COVID retail environment and we know this customer is very important for us. So we expect that gap to continue to close as we get into 2021. The question is when and that's going to be, in large part, based on COVID and how the nesting effect of the DIY starts to minimize over time. 
Marvin Ellison: Kate, it does not. I made the comment earlier in my prepared comments that we're committed to the core retail business. When we look at our investment thesis and we evaluate where we can gain the greatest return, it is in our core business.  Now we're going to continue to target the MRO segment in our current Pro strategy with our outside sales reps, but those reps are connected to the store and connected to our MSH model. And we feel like that, that model has the ability to scale. But our investment thesis, our focus, is improving our core business. And our core business is defined as our brick-and-mortar stores, our dot-com platform, our supply chain and all the other operational components that tie that together. And that's our omnichannel philosophy.  We feel like we're in a good position, and we're going to continue to make those investments. And over time, that thesis may change. But in the short term and near term, we're just laser-focused on our core business. 
Marvin Ellison: Scot, I'm going to let Joe McFarland talk a little bit about our productivity initiatives. I mean we're extremely proud of the fact that 18-plus months ago when we did an evaluation of our payroll spend in the stores, roughly 60% of all of our spend was going toward task and noncustomer-facing activity. And Joe has absolutely flipped that equation with the stores. I'm going to let him talk about that for a second. 
Marvin Ellison: Michael, this is Marvin. So as Dave mentioned, we're going to have a little bit more specificity on the December 9 investor update. But here's what I will tell you, we don't believe we're going to get entrenched, and we believe that there's still a large amount of opportunity in front of us to drive productivity.  We have a multiyear time line where we've mapped out initiatives from a merchandising perspective, operational perspective, supply chain, et cetera. We see productivity gains over the next couple of years, if we can. Obviously, those initiatives vary in size and scale, but we believe we still have enormous opportunity.  And to put it in perspective of your comments, we've made the decision to accelerate this U.S. stores reset initiative because early tests gave us confidence that this would tremendously benefit our Pro customers, and it would create a much more intuitive shopping experience for our DIY customers. And so we took on $100 million of expense in the third quarter, and we're taking on roughly $150 million of expense, and that's going to get roughly 90% of our stores completed. That is an example of us not running this business quarter-to-quarter.  We want to make sure that we're making the right investments that will have long-term benefits and create long-term productivity gains. And we believe that we're doing that, and that's going to be our focus. And when we update you all in December, we'll provide some perspective on how we see revenue and operational performance as well as profitability in 2021. But we feel really good about our progress, and we feel good about being in a position now to transition to a market share focus ahead of schedule. 
Marvin Ellison: So Michael, I'll hand it to Joe to talk about 2 things, give a little bit of an explanation on shrink, our trends and some of the initiatives to reduce it; but also to give another example of a pull-forward initiative that we are in the midst of executing. So Joe, you can go ahead and cover those 2 things. 
Marvin Ellison: So look, I'll take this, Chris, and I'll let either Bill or Dave jump in if they have additional comments. To say this is the most difficult environment to forecast in would be an understatement. What I can tell you is we feel great about our early trends in November. We feel very good about our ability to meet demand if it exceeds our 15% to 20% guidance. We'll have a much better perspective on Q4 when we speak to you and the other investors on December 9. But this is just our way of trying to frame up our best guess of where we think the business is headed in obviously the most difficult and complex forecasting environment that any of us have worked in.  And again, I'll leave it at that. And if we have more context and more detail on December 9, we'll be more than happy to share. But the key is we feel really good about the trajectory of our business, but this is our best estimate based on what we know today. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, Seth, we're not commenting in detail on 2021 at that -- at this time. As we've mentioned a couple -- on a couple of different occasions, we're going to be updating you all on December 9, and we're going to have a little bit of perspective. And we're going to spend the majority of that presentation talking about the initiatives and actions we're going to be implementing to improve and take market share. And at that time, we'll have better perspective on '21, and we'll be able to provide a lot more context on what we're doing today. 
Marvin Ellison: And Seth, this is Marvin again. The only other comment I'll make is, we were actually questioned earlier about the MRO space and if we are going to make any strategic changes based on actions in the marketplace. And one of the reasons why we're not is because we see so much upside in our core business. And we see an incredible opportunity to drive efficiency and productivity by continuing to make the right investments in merchandising systems, supply chain, operations.  And so to Dave's point, we see the 12% not as a pinnacle but as a milestone that we will hit, and then we will continue to drive improved productivity beyond that point. And again, we'll be able to provide more context at our investor update in December. 
David Denton: Yes. Simeon, this is Dave. The only thing I would add to that is that, obviously, in November, the associates will receive incremental compensation. And then in December, our "Winning Together" program kicks into play. And just given how the stores are performing, the vast majority if not almost all the stores are at max payout from that. So we're leaning into areas to compensate our associates tied to their needs but also tied to performance. 
David Denton: And Kate, this is Dave. I'd just add that if we step back and think about the financial algorithm of this company over the next several years, as we've said many times, we real strength in the DIY customer. You're seeing that in our numbers today. The opportunity over time is to really penetrate and grow our Pro business. And I think the investments we're making both in Q3 and Q4, and really as we cycle into next year, is really bolstering our business model around the Pro.  And so it's not going to be like a light switch that we're going to just turn on and the Pro is going to just elevate significantly, but this is each week and each month and each quarter kind of continue to push and grind ourselves out to grow that Pro business. And that's the objective we have here. 
David Denton: Yes. It's probably a little early to talk specifically about '21. But just in general, I think what you're seeing is we have a very focused effort around store productivity and managing both labor and costs within our stores. Couple that with the investments that we're making in supply chain, which is ultimately creating a market-based delivery model, that will ultimately put pressure a little bit on gross margin as we take delivery out of the stores, move it into the market, but relieve the stores of that burden from an SG&A perspective. So you'll see incremental flow-through as that model gets built out.  That's probably a 12-, 18-, 24-month process before that happens. But I think we're well on our way to continue to make investments, both from a technology perspective and an operational improvement perspective to drive productivity. So you should see us continue to get better, absent the effect of COVID.  The one thing that is going to go forward is probably in the neighborhood of $70 million or so per quarter on incremental costs associated with safety and cleanliness. And I think that is here to stay for some period of time. 
David Denton: And Michael, I'll just add that -- Marvin said something very important there, he said we decided to accelerate the program. This was not an incremental program that we didn't have on our road map. This was on our road map consistently over the last  couple of years since we've been here. This is -- now we're taking the opportunity to lean into it. So I think that the original thesis of all the investments that we put forth, I think are very valid. We see a lot of runway to continue to fund those investments and drive performance going forward. 
David Denton: Michael, just as you think about the investments we are making, yes, we're making these investments to improve our productivity in the years to come. So I won't speak specifically to '21. But yes, the things that we're doing today will benefit us going forward. And then secondly, I'll talk a bit about credit revenue and I'll speak -- have Joe McFarland talk about the actions we've taken from a shrink perspective.  On the credit revenue side of the house, yes, we're having a little bit of pressure there. And there's really 2 things that are happening. One is we are seeing a tender shift as the U.S. consumer has kind of pulled back on debt and your saving rate has increased. So we've seen a tender shift away from our private-level -- private-label credit a little bit into PIN debit. So that puts pressure on that line.  And then secondly, we are forecasting some higher credit risk going forward just given the macro economy in the future. So a little bit of both of those things are driving that pressure. And then from a strength perspective, I'll let Marvin and Joe comment on that. 
David Denton: No. We feel very strongly that the opportunity is ahead of us from a gross margin perspective. We're not going to give this back specifically. I will say there is some, I'll say, geographies on the P&L. We continue to push very hard in improving what I would consider our product-level gross margin performance. And part of this is just being very efficient from a promotional standpoint, being very efficient from a cost management perspective.  At the same time, we are investing in supply chain, and that's going to put pressure on gross margin, but it's going to relieve operating expense within our stores. The flow-through of that is very accretive to op inc. So I think you'll see some geography shifts there, but there's nothing that's going to revert back. It's not our anticipation that we would revert back to where we were prior to this year. 
David Denton: And Seth, I'll just add, let's not get hung up on where we end '20 and where we end '21. The reality here is we set a target of 12% operating income flow-through. I think we're very focused on delivering upon that objective. I think we have very good line of sight to getting to that level and using that as just a stopping point to actually potentially go further after that. So I think our -- the investments that we're making, the focus that we have today is really on improving that flow-through over time. And we still see a very strong line of sight to that. 
David Denton: Yes. Liz, this is Dave. Actually, lumber did put some pressure on gross margin in the quarter as it typically does in an inflationary environment. Having said that, I'd say the merchandising and the finance team have done a really nice job from managing costs kind of across all the categories. And I'd say I can't call out just one category where we're seeing improvements because we're seeing improvements more or less up and down the P&L across all merchandising categories for the most part. 
