Rick Damron: Sure, Peter. Several actions that we're taking as we think about conversion. As you know, we have been able to begin tracking our traffic inside the stores. So it's first time we've got real solid data on a year-over-year comparison, which allows us to really understand what's happening inside of the stores. We're working through the optimization of our hours. As we talked about in Q3 or Q2, we invested incremental hours to really be able to maximize the opportunity to convert our traffic that we're seeing from the marketing spend investment and the traffic that it's generating. During Q3, we worked to fully deploy those hours, and we're able to achieve that by the end of the quarter as we added the incremental hours throughout the quarter. And now we continue to work on better utilization of those hours and deploying those during peak traffic times when we see the opportunity to increase our conversion more holistically. And as always, we continue to work on the training and development of our employees to meet the demands of our customers. So if I'm looking at it from that perspective, we've done a solid job in adding the hours that we committed to. Now we're working to continue to optimize those hours to customer traffic and continue to work on training and development of all of our employees to meet the needs of the customers. 
Rick Damron: Yes, Peter. As it relates to -- I'll start with online, pickup and delivery from store. Those 2 aspects of omnichannel delivery have been part of our Lowes.com platform since its original launch in 1999. So it's something that we're very familiar with. From an execution standpoint, 60% of our dot-com sales are currently picked up in-store, with 40% of those customers buying incremental product when they arrive to pick up their item. Another 10% to 15% is delivered from store, with the remaining 25% to 30% being parcel. So for us, that tells a great story of the role of the store in the omnichannel environment and how our customers continue to utilize our stores for fulfillment options in our omnichannel strategy. As it relates to delivery holistically, as you know, we operate both in-house deliveries and a third-party model in order to continue to drive the capacity that we want to be able to be nimble enough to meet the changing needs of our customers. We are very pleased with our delivery programs and how our teams continue to execute against those offerings, which is evidenced by, I think, our growth in appliances, as we highlighted, which is a strong delivered category. And our teams are able to continue to meet the demands of that business and be able to drive that -- drive those sales. So we're comfortable with where we are. We continue to look at options for fulfillment. If you look at parcel, we'll be opening our first direct fulfillment center in Q3 of this year in 2018 in Nashville, and we continue to shift parcel from our stores from a fulfillment perspective. 
Rick Damron: Sure. Delivery from the Pros has been part of our ongoing programs since we've been executing against the Pro initiative. We feel very comfortable with our ability to meet the needs of the Pros through various different fulfillment options. We are able to narrow delivery windows to a 2-hour time frame for our Pros when we run through the process in the program. So we feel confident that we are able to meet their needs on an ongoing basis, both within our in-house model and the third-party models. Mike Tummillo and the Pro team continue to work on options to continue to improve that from a fulfillment perspective. So we feel good about our existing ability to execute versus the Pro as well as our ongoing strategic options that we're building out to continue to meet their needs in a dynamic marketplace. 
Robert Niblock: Peter, this is Robert. The only thing I would add is this highlighted in my comments and progress that Rick took you through with -- that we're making on this effort was somewhat impacted by our need to redeploy resources into the hurricane-affected areas, as we spoke about. So kind of get that behind us and so it, like I said, made progress and continued to be focused on it throughout the fourth quarter. 
Robert Niblock: Dave, this is Robert. I would layer on this. As Marshall talks about tough comparisons to the prior year, keep in mind that we also slightly in the fourth quarter of last year had the benefit of hurricane Matthew and the Louisiana flooding. So we've tried to take all that into our guidance. And just to reiterate, we're seeing approximately 3.5% comps for the year is what we're looking at. So... 
Robert Niblock: The -- Chris, certainly, I mean, it's indicator of the health of the overall market. It's not a perfect match. We look more specifically at just -- at the leading indicators from housing from home improvements. We feel really good about that. We think that leading indicators certainly remain supportive, have done a good job and income gains, driving strong growth in both disposable income and consumer spending, revolving credit usage continuing to be favorable as we mentioned it and probably most important, home price appreciation, which is driving increased housing wealth. So as we look at that, we feel good about the macro environment. We feel good about housing. We feel good about from looking at things like our Consumer Sentiment Survey, homeowners' willingness and intention to engage in projects around the home, driven by one of their views of the overall housing market is as well as views about the increasing values of their homes. So overall, we feel good about it. And as Mike said, when we look at our trajectory of comp growth, as we look at the quarterly progression that we've had through the year, the focus of the team has put behind -- improving our execution. And we're pleased with our performance and excited about the opportunity ahead of us. 
Robert Niblock: Yes, Simeon, I'll start and let the others jump in. Yes, certainly, we've made a lot of changes to set us up for the future. As I said, we're pleased with the -- our new store leadership model and what we're seeing out of that. I'm pleased with the work that's being done to try and add hours back into the stores. As Rick indicated, we'll continue to focus on getting those hours in the right kind of daypart if you wanted to focus on the high profit at times to better match with customer demand. There was certainly a little bit of an impact as we had to redeploy people to the hurricane-affected areas in the quarter. In addition to that, we've -- as we indicated earlier, we made some changes to the organizational structure here, corporate office to kind of flatten the organizational structure, improve our span of control and we're pleased with the way the team has responded and working together to focus on driving the business forward, so. 
Robert Niblock: Thanks. And as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you, again, when we report our fourth quarter results on Wednesday, February 28. Have a great day. 
Marshall Croom: I'll take the first part. I mean, we were actually pleased with what we're seeing from in-store and online traffic in August. And as Rick mentioned, we were working on investing in increasing our associate hours for customer facing in the areas where we needed them most to ultimately help us drive better conversion. So as that played out in the quarter, we began to see that pick up in September, but a little bit soft in August. 
Marshall Croom: Okay, certainly. We think that our guidance for the quarter and for the year is appropriate and balanced as we look to invest in running the business and continue to invest in our ongoing capabilities. We are confident in our ability to drive traffic in Q4. We do expect some benefit from the hurricanes as we move into Q4 and into 2018. But one of the things again, we've been optimizing our selling hours in the stores, and still improving that, like where we are today. But again, recognize Q4, we have tough comparisons to last year. As we mentioned, weather can be kind of wildcard in the fourth quarter. So just keep those in mind as we head into Q4. As far as where we are quarter-to-date, we're just slightly ahead of our expectations for the quarter. 
Marshall Croom: Sure, Kate. The integration, as I talked about in my opening comments, is going extremely well. The organizational aspects of the design have been implemented as we continue to work to integrate the 2 companies. And we're seeing some strong leverage from our initial business case through working to continue to harmonize our pricing and our terms with our merchants and working with Mike's organization to make sure that we're able to leverage that and continue to move forward. Our existing focus currently is to continue to work on the integration of both companies into one operating model. As I highlighted, we are -- the teams are building out a new product catalog, which will effectively improve the customer experience across both verticals. And then as we continue to move forward, we will continue to work for the in-store integration, but that is further out in the current integration plans than today. Currently, it's really focused heavily on the integration of the 2. 
Marshall Croom: That was fairly minor for the quarter. It was largely driven by operational results from Canada and Mexico. 
Marshall Croom: So ultimately, the gross margin impact obviously hurt our mix because it is below average company rate on the gross margin. So that certainly had an impact. We did have incremental SG&A expenses, but all told, net-net, while it was slightly positive, it wasn't a driver to our earnings for the quarter. 
Marshall Croom: Eric, this is Marshall. Actually, yes and yes, we want both, sales productivity and SG&A productivity cost out. So those will continue to be focus areas. So if you think about some of the investments we're making from the omnichannel capabilities, we want those to be sales drivers. If you think about processes within the stores from this customer experience to services, again, trying to eliminate employee and customer pain points. But we've got good line of sight into actions one that we took this year. Rick highlighted a couple of those with indirect spend, moving the needle on how much we centralized indirect spend, along with some of the changes we've made to the payroll staffing model, the leadership changes that we made earlier in the year, along with things that we're doing from supply chain efforts to drive better productivity, reduce burden for the distribution center and stores. So all of that wrapped up into the amount of investments we've made in 2017 to be able to drive flat operating margin on an adjusted basis for 2017 and knowing that we've got future opportunity to keep getting after it from a productivity standpoint, so moving to '18 and '19 and beyond. 
Marshall Croom: Yes. Again, as we think about that, obviously, there's been some wage pressure. Just one of the things that our productivity efforts are designed to help offset, along with continuing to challenge, are we rightsizing the staff and the stores and the DCs and corporate offices and always looking to balance, again, how we're getting better productivity in the processes throughout supply chain and then the appropriate mix of hours in the stores from selling and nonselling to make sure that we're appropriately flowing freight, taking care of our customers and providing the best experience that we can. 
Marshall Croom: Yes. And we take a look at it, not just on the base rate, but all in from incentives and benefits to be competitive in the marketplace. 
Michael McDermott: Sure, Kate. This is Mike McDermott. We continue to see great progress in the appliance business, obviously leveraging our #1 share position and the great brand portfolio and values that we're communicating to our customers. We also continue to see Pro outpace the company average, and Pro certainly is also driving significant growth in big ticket. So our project specialists, interior and exterior, continue to drive remodel and refresh business across a number of different categories. And we continue to see momentum really across the business in regard to tickets above $500. 
Michael McDermott: This is Mike. What I've highlighted is we continue to see positive strength in our DIY business, which maybe tightens the balance between Pro performance and DIY. I still feel very good about our Pro performance. Team is doing a great job engaging the customer in a variety of different segments across that marketplace. Pro represents about 30% of our business, and we continue to see expanded penetration. 
Michael McDermott: Michael, this is Mike McDermott again. Obviously, we're going to continue to react to the competitive intensity of the marketplace. I feel good about the actions we took coming out of the first quarter when we recognized an opportunity to improve our value perception. Team has done a great job on both base price, stock and SOS as well as our promotional pricing strategy to make sure that we are delivering those great values in the market to our customers. I also feel good about the actions the team is taking around leveraging new pricing and analytics tools and refining our pricing strategy across categories to make sure we're optimizing our effectiveness. Recognize that in the May time frame, we also drove 2 loyalty actions, which are having a positive impact. The first was our simplified approach to military recognition, offering both active and veteran military personnel the ability to enjoy 10% discounts every day. And on top of that, we launched free parcel delivery for MyLowe's members. So we're seeing both customer growth and loyalty from those actions and -- but they will have some impact as to our gross margin performance. 
Michael McDermott: Yes, I think the marketplace remains competitive. And what I would tell you, as I look at third quarter versus second quarter, it's consistent with our expectations. And as we go into the fourth quarter, again, I think consistent with where we were in 3Q. 
Michael McDermott: Yes, Simeon, what I would tell you is that you should translate both of those descriptions as the same. When you think about promotional activity, actually think about advertising and promoting value with a customer as well as some of the actions I highlighted around loyalty. So they would be in the same bucket. And as it relates to, again, the competitive environment, consistent with our expectations. 
Michael McDermott: Eric, I'll take that. We continue to see great progress as it relates to our digital performance with the 33% comp we saw for the quarter. We continue to optimize our online platform. We continue to add and invest in additional functionality, improving everything from content to our checkout process, adding visibility for the customer around inventory and order status and essentially driving more of a simple and seamless approach online. When I think about the categories that continue to perform well, appliances, fashion fixtures and seasonal outdoor living led the way as it relates to our online performance. So team's doing a great job bringing that experience to life and connecting it to our overall omnichannel platform and driving additional traffic into our stores. 
Michael McDermott: Yes, Dave, we don't really look at it that way as it relates to new assortment. But what I can tell you is the merchants continue to work with our strategic partners across every category to make sure that we refine our assortments and expand value. Obviously,  we're very excited to welcome the Craftsman brand to the Lowe's portfolio, iconic brand that customers know, innovation and high quality and value. So if you think about all the brand work that we've done over the last 4 years, adding more than 25 brands back to the portfolio, brands that DIY and Pro customers know and trust. I really think Craftsman, when it launches in 2018, will continue to propel us forward with customers in both of those segments. 
Michael McDermott: And David, I will just add that based on the model and experiences we try to create and a product knowledge required of our associates, we pay a higher average hourly rate already than the marketplace, so that helps us also mitigate that, just understanding the fact that because of the model itself, we do have a higher rate than the industry as well. 
