Robert Hull: I’ll start with thoughts on traffic and ticket and let others chime in on drivers of the business in the second half. As we’ve talked about, in the second quarter the strength of appliances, grills, and ACs had strong impact on ticket, but the weather negatively impacted traffic. We expect more normal activity in the second half of the year, and really all of the 1% to 3% comp to be driven by comp transactions, with comp ticket being essentially flat.
Robert Hull: It does. We estimate that the comparison to last year’s hurricane-elevated sales hurt Q2 by about 45 basis points. We cycle that and really there’s no impact. In fact to the extent that there’s any hurricane activity this year, it could be a net positive impact that is not contemplated in our outlook. Cannibalization hurts second quarter by roughly 40 basis points. We expect that to drop nominally to be 35 or so basis points. So yes, so net net there’s a little bit of less drag in Q3 relative to Q2.
Robert Hull: And Deborah, this is Robert. Just a couple of other things that were in my comments. As we said, we expect appliances sales to continue to be strong, but there won’t be as much of the cash for appliances states out there, so you won’t have as much of that impacting Q3 versus Q2. So a little bit of that rebalancing of ticket and traffic mix that we talked about. And as I also mentioned, air conditioner sales this year compared to last year we sold much more in Q2, whereas last year you had more of them sold in Q3. And so due to the extreme heat, so obviously that front-loaded some of those sales, [unintelligible] in great shape with our AC inventory from a sell-through standpoint, [grow a] ticket a little bit higher in the second quarter versus a year ago. That also contributes to that rebalancing that we’re anticipating as we go into the third quarter and the second half of the year.
Robert Hull: I think what we mentioned in my comments is we expect to see more balance across both region and product categories in Q3 and in fact we’re seeing that, so we’re comfortable with what we’re seeing in trends thus far relative to the balance across the business.
Robert Hull: Yes, so as Mike talked about in his comments we’re certainly looking to be more productive in the store environment. We’re also looking at other expenses in capital as well to understand the payback of all of our initiatives. So we continue to evaluate that, our cap ex forecast for the year actually came down about $40 million. Now it rounds up to $1.8 billion versus rounding down to $1.8 billion. So we continue to take a look at things, scrutinize how we spend and whether the customer gives us credit for that. But to date our outlook for 2010 has been outlined and we’ll provide more details on 2011 in the fall.
Robert Hull: Another thing to add is, I mentioned the hurricane drag in Q2, that apparently impacted two of the four regions of that negative comp in the second quarter so we expect them to comp positive in the third quarter as well.
Robert Hull: Sure, just a couple items. One is the flat payroll leverage that Mike and the team were able to achieve in the second quarter, so if you assume similar comp performance in the second half, we would expect roughly flat payroll as a percent of sales in the second half of 2010 versus second half of 2009. That was not contemplated in our outlook 90 days ago. Also we continue to take a look at a lot of other areas for expense reduction, so that’s certainly providing some opportunities as well.
Robert Hull: We don’t provide specific outlook on future share repurchases. However, we have indicated that the $5 billion authorization that was provided by our board last January, that would be realized roughly over the next two to three years.
Robert Hull: It would be below our overall comp plan on things like trim a tree. We bought conservatively. We didn’t, as we said, last year we took a look at those seasonal programs and we didn’t – we’re not quite sure how the seasons are going to play out, so we bought conservatively in all those programs. Now the thing about it is as you have inventory, products like that, sometimes we move around so we get different products moving in different parts of the country, so we’ll once again use our distribution at work to make sure we have the right products for those categories as we head into that season.
Robert Hull: From the inventory perspective we think the inventory is going to be up 1% to 2% by year end. We were at 5.7% increase at the end of Q2 so we’re going to continue to be smart about our purchase activity through the balance of the year, focused on buying what’s selling, in order for us to reduce the level of increase year over year.
Robert Hull: As we’ve talked about discussing new store productivity for 2010, we have a very productive class-average first year sales in the $33 million range. We’re seeing some very strong openings also, as you might expect, in some markets. We’re seeing some openings a little soft, but on balance we continue to be pleased with what we’re seeing in new stores. New store productivity for Q2 is 88%, so a strong showing for the second quarter. We did close a store in this quarter, so we do continue to take a look at store performance and viability of markets long term. So it’s something to continue to look at on an ongoing basis.
Robert Hull: In the quarter, total inflation impact was a positive 40 basis points. That was driven entirely by lumber and plywood.
Robert Hull: Our outlook that we provide does not assume any prospective share repurchase included in year to date activities for Q2.
Larry Stone: Chris, it’s Larry Stone. A lot of our second half business, as you know, kind of makes a shift. We think we should have a good nursery season as we head into the third quarter, with all the extreme heat we’ve had in the parts of the country during the second quarter, so we think there is some upside on the nursery business. We have a lot of strong fall seasonal programs planned. It’s a good time for installation sales, a good time for a lot of fix-up projects on the inside of the homes, which a lot of the new projects are need to do projects, kind of what Mike Brown said in his comments, versus projects more discretionary in nature. We still expect our appliance business to be strong in the third quarter, although not as strong as it’s been maybe in the first half of the year due to cash for appliances. A lot of seasonal business, such as our heat – fall heating business, our snow blower business, just a lot of different categories. To Bob’s point, we see more of a balanced approach to our business as we head into the second half, and that’s kind of held through the last part of the second quarter this year.
Larry Stone: Yes, if you take out the cash for appliance program we’d still have high single digit comps in appliances for the second quarter. And as we talked about, in the first quarter on this call, we had a lot of appliance inventory that we had purchased knowing that we had the holidays coming up, Memorial Day, July 4, and certainly a lot of appliance sales due to extreme heat, based on the forecasts we put the heat was going to be there, so we knew we’d sell a lot of refrigeration products, especially when compressors start to go bad with the extreme heat we experienced. So our appliance business has been extremely strong, like I said, even without cash for appliances, still high single digit comps.
Larry Stone: Certainly big tickets in terms of some of the discretionary projects, like kitchen cabinets is one we like to talk about a lot, we do see some movement in kitchen cabinet sales, albeit not as strongly as we’d like to see it. Our flooring business, especially our carpet business, has still been very strong for us, so we’ve had good response there. But as I’ve stated many times on these calls, we’re seeing good lift, but just not as big a ticket as we would have had, say three or four years ago in products like that. So I still think people are doing the carpet jobs. They’re just doing smaller rooms or in terms of square footage versus what we did several years ago. Other businesses, that are passion businesses, like passion plumbing, passion lighting, and so forth, in our home décor business, still are really good, albeit it doesn’t produce that big ticket you’re referring to. Our millwork business was extremely good in the second quarter, with windows driving a lot of sales for us in that category. So some of the new initiatives we’ve put in, like the project specialists, exteriors, really have driven some of those categories.
Larry Stone: As we stated in the first quarter and held through the second quarter as well, we did buy a lot of appliance inventory, and certainly the strong performance we produced in the first quarter to the second quarter shows that was the right move, and as we said in the first quarter call, we did anticipate a lot of sales that would come as the result of the holidays and as a result of the hotter weather. So I think that’s been a real good move for the company. We don’t anticipate any major markdowns with appliance inventory. We’ll continue to sell through it as we work through the back half of the year. We also made some strategic purchases in flooring to capture more market share, and on our seasonal inventory I think we did a much better job this year of planning our seasonal inventory and as Robert stated in his comments we feel real good about our inventory levels in seasonal products. So if you look at it, 1% up in comp stores, we feel like we can get that back hopefully flat by the end of the year, and we’re going to work hard on our seasonal programs. As we mentioned also just take a hard look at what we buy as we head into the third and fourth quarter in terms of categories - that gives us opportunity for additional sales in categories that we might feel like we don’t have a big sales lift and we won’t buy as heavy. But I still feel good about our inventory. I still think we made the right decisions and quite frankly we hope to get it worked down to those numbers by the year end and be basically flat year over year.
Larry Stone: We also took a hard look at all the seasonal categories, as you know, into the fall categories, certainly some building material categories, as we mentioned earlier, such as installation. You’ve got opportunities for those sales as you head into the third quarter, as people get ready for the winter, other categories such as tools, which is always a good traffic driver as we head into the fourth quarter. We’ve taken a hard look at what we’re buying this year. We talked a couple of years ago about buying less in and out inventory, inventory we bring in and try to sell through, and really focus more on our core programs. So I think throughout our 20 merchandising divisions everybody’s taken a hard look, going back to Bob’s point about what’s selling, what do we need to bring in, and how do we balance the sales and inventory and achieve the numbers that we’ve put forth in the forecast today.
Larry Stone: Basically all three, carpet, ceramic, and hardwood flooring. So all three categories we made inventory investments in.
Larry Stone: We felt good about our program and quite frankly it was pretty promotional there for a while, but then it kind of settled down. But we [unintelligible] that all into consideration and certainly we think the promotional environment, hopefully it’s going to be more rational than it was on Black Friday. But there again we can’t tell you what the competition’s going to do, and certainly we have our plans and programs in place, and our buys made and so forth. So our goal is to take market share and as Bob likes to tell me, profitable market share, so certainly we think our programs that we have in place are good, strong, solid programs that will drive share increase for our company.
Larry Stone: If you look at our comps for kitchen cabinets, although they were below the company comp average, they were still decent for the second quarter, and there again is this whole thing about discretionary purchases. So we’ve done a lot with our kitchen specialists, working this whole thing that Mike Brown has put in place about selling kitchens versus cabinets. I think we’ve done a good job - when we do get the opportunity to sell a kitchen we’re doing a good job of selling the total package in those regards and there again consumers are still spending money, albeit at a much slower pace, as Robert has alluded to several times in his comments. So there again it’s up to our sales teams in the stores to get those potential customers and close those sales and make sure that we garner every sale that we can possibly get, especially in these large project areas. Robert’s point – just as a lot of the data keeps coming out we think it just kind of gets consumers saying well, I think I’ll wait on these larger projects. And we think once some positive data does come out, that certainly there’s a lot of projects in the backlog that we have an opportunity to capture more sales. But to Bob Hull’s point also, we just see a real balance in the business right now. It’s kind of balanced out in the latter part of the second quarter as we head into the third quarter, so that balance is good as well because you’re selling categories across the store, which we think will help achieve our results in the third and fourth quarters.
Larry Stone: They were slightly negative in the second quarter and the average ticket is up slightly, but not a lot, in cabinets because there again we’re trying to sell more the project but customers are, as I said earlier, still holding back on some of those purchases. So we might be selling not as much in terms of countertops with some jobs and we might not be selling all the different accessories you can buy with a kitchen, which you can come back and add those on later. So you might be selling the base kitchen, as an example, but you might not be selling all the additional moldings and so forth that goes with it. But your additional add on purchases you can do later on.
Larry Stone: Certainly we’ve taken a hard look at what we call price optimization and looked at our various patch areas we have throughout the U.S. and our Canadian stores as well. And we felt like, based on comments in the first quarter, we needed to expand some of our patch areas, and make sure we have the correct price in the markets that we work in. So we continue to work that, and no results to release today but just something we’ve worked on quite a bit as we go up against various competitors. It gives us an opportunity to be priced more competitively in those various markets by having more patch areas by using our price optimization tools.
Larry Stone: At this time our long-term view of the world hasn’t changed materially. Certainly some of the recent data points are soft, but [unintelligible] the business has not changed significantly.
Mike Brown: I think just to add on to that, the PSE programs I referenced, when you look at the categories they’re focusing on, those tickets typically have a larger ticket when you’re reroofing a house versus a typical install ticket it’s more so. It’s exponentially bigger than the average ticket that we have on the traditional install sales area. So we feel comfortable that the PSE programs that we have in place are working, and again we’re looking at adding some additional product lines to the components that they’re selling our customers in the home.
Mike Brown: We’ve taken a comprehensive look at how we’re doing with the line reviews and how we’re sorting products by store, by store volume, and geographic ties, and as I mentioned we’re doing – we’re looking at seven of our 20 merchandising divisions to roll out as a test this year. And really what that gives us is more efficiency in how we’re allocating inventory planning, and how we’re allocating space planning and storage and even to that matter it could even reference staffing as well. So we feel like that’s a huge benefit for us longer term as we continue to go through the rollout into the remaining categories in 2011.
Mike Brown: When we looked at regional balances we had 19 of our 23 regions that posted positive comps, so we saw a lot of balance actually in Q2, and as we, as Larry alluded to, and Robert and Bob earlier, when you look at how the normal home center category – how the business takes place in the second half of the year there’s a more balanced approach to the overall business. You don’t have the seasonal spikes that you see in early spring and that’s just the typical [unintelligible] environment.
Mike Brown: The western division in total is still performing relative to how it has in the past, and the second quarter not quite as strong as it was in the first quarter, but still yet we’re seeing – we saw what we’ve deemed as positive comps in all four of our operating regions in the western division in Q2.
Mike Brown: What we saw, if you look at it again, a lot of it was driven by seasonality. So if you look at the seasonality impact to Q2 versus Q1 in the western division, we can attribute the vast majority of the variance between Q1 and Q2 comp just tied to seasonal.
Robert Niblock: Scott, I’ll start off. I think overall, built into our guidance for the back half of the year, certainly we’ve taken down what we thought our sales and comps were going to be slightly for the back half of the year, so we’re expecting the back half of 2010 to be slightly softer than what we had previously anticipated, and I think that – if you think about any of the economic data that has come out, whether it’s got consumer confidence, consumer sentiment, certainly jobs growth is not coming in the way that it was anticipated to be earlier in the year. If you think about some of the recent stuff, the Fed announcement last week with some of the things that they’re going to be doing to try and make sure that they’re continuing to be active in helping liquidity and recovery out there in the marketplace. I think we’ve taken all that into account in trying to build our guidance for the back half of the year. I think also other things that we’ve talked about on the call that helped certain categories and hurt others and certainly contribute to the traffic versus ticket mix was the extreme heat that we had in the quarter. It certainly let us clear out a lot of seasonal merchandise like fans and air conditioners. As we move into the third quarter of the year, as Larry mentioned, that’s going to lead to an opportunity for restoration of lawns as we go into our fall lawn – in lawn and garden season. So we think that certainly gives us some great opportunity there. We still think there’s going to be great demand out there for appliances as we go over the balance of the year. We’ve continued to see strong trends there. As you know we’ve got a great lineup of appliances with key brands that are out there. And then other things like we mentioned our Stainmaster carpet exclusivity and the promotions of that kickoff this quarter. As we think about people that are doing some of those discretionary projects, fixing up around the home, we think that certainly gives us great opportunity to capture some share in that category. So I think we’ve tried to take those into account but certainly as I said in my comments it is a challenging environment. We don’t expect to be ongoing robust demand until we get consistent improvement in both labor and the housing markets. So we think we’re into 2011 before that happens. So I think all those things have been built into how we’ve characterized our guidance over the back half of the year.
Robert Niblock: Eric this is Robert. I think no different than we’ve been through the entire economic cycle, as you know, we’ve continued to reevaluate our expansion program in light of - economic data in light of where recovery is and when recovery will take place and how robust it will be, and so we’ll continue to evaluate all the economic data points that come out between now and the end of the year as we’re finalizing our next year, 2011, expansion program. We’ll update you on whatever our final decisions are there when we get to our analyst conference in December. But it’s something no different than what we’ve done in the environment to date. We continue to evaluate all the data points and we make the necessary adjustments. And we won’t change that stance going forward.
Robert Niblock: Obviously we’re not going to talk about what we’re planning to do for Black Friday at this point in time, but certainly I think we – every year as we get through major promotions such as the Black Friday promotion, immediately the merchants and operating teams sit down and do a download, kind of a postmortem as to what worked, what didn’t, what we think will happen next year from a competitive response. We try and take all of that into account and at least at this point we think we’ve got a reasonable plan and that we think we’ve adequately taken those type of items into account as we – into our guidance as we head into the back half of the year.
Robert Niblock: I don’t think – we’ve transitioned to a rolling four quarter, so we don’t have that information with us. I’d just follow up with the IR group if you need that.
Robert Niblock: I think a lot of it has to do with the product categories and weather. In second quarter a lot of landscaping, nursery, are pretty highly trafficked categories, get a lot of footsteps in the store. Extreme heat discouraged people from spending a lot of time outdoors working on their yards as Larry indicated. A lot of opportunity for fall restorations, so we think that gets back to somewhat of the trend we’ve seen from the prior few quarters.
Robert Niblock: I don’t know where specifically in the quarter, but as we’ve continued to watch the economic data that has come out, I think obviously we knew there was – when we said at the end of our fourth quarter conference call we said that there were some one-time items that specifically helped the first quarter, including a very heavy cash for appliances program and the restoration from a tough winter that took place because people were repairing their lawns and gardens and other things that were damaged at the end of – coming out of a tough winter. When you look at – we continue to monitor the economic data that’s come out, but probably the biggest thing is that jobs growth has not been what people had been anticipating. It looks like things are starting to get pushed out a little bit. So as we look at that we obviously took what was going on with the heat, extreme heat we had in the quarter. We didn’t know it was going to be quite that extreme an impact it would have on certain categories. That had some impact on what you’re seeing. But I think the biggest thing is just continue to monitor the overall macro-environment. What we’re hearing in our consumer survey, what we’re seeing from the data points as they come out, and how the consumer has reacted through the quarter, we need to temper slightly our outlook for the balance of the year because we think things are going to be a little bit slower than we had previously anticipated.
Robert Niblock: Thanks, as always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe’s. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our third quarter results on November 15. Have a great day. 
