Gregory Bridgeford: I'll address that last part first. Not necessarily, because in a number of cases where we think that it's taken some time for the vendor community to digest the strategy that we're going after in some of these line constructions and the way we're trying to create value for the customer. And be honest with you, in -- as we come around to a cycle of some line reviews, you're seeing the same vendors come to the table with, actually, much more alignment with where we're taking the strategy to create value within each of these categories. And with respect to where we are with our expectations and the performance of the line reviews, as we described earlier, from an inventory -- net inventory reduction standpoint, we're exceeding our initial expectations. And from a cost standpoint, we're increasing our progress towards our target, and that's -- and we're looking -- again, we're looking forward for a stronger performance in that area as we go through continuing cycles of this accelerated line review process. 
Gregory Bridgeford: And Peter, on the promotional strategy, when I said we would take it apart from the -- and rebuild it from the inside out, what we're really doing is -- it actually has a number of components, and I'll try to address all of them. We're centrally coordinating our product selection to make sure that we are very strategic in what areas that we're promoting for the right time. We're specifically looking at the timing, the impact and the duration of every offer. And we're -- there's a heavy focus towards a balance in the item selection to balance traffic-driving items and attachment items, and that has a very big impact on your out margin. We're also taking a look at the bigger-ticket promotions and again, making sure that the cadence is appropriate, and the duration's appropriate. And from another factor in the quarter and a little bit of talking to where Bob is referring to sales momentum for the third and fourth quarter, we're taking a hard look at our lawn and garden plan and making sure that we've got a solid mix in the advertising plan of cross-merchandising opportunities so that we make sure that our attachment rates are strong in lawn and garden. And again, that has -- it has positive margin implications from executing on those plan revisions. 
Gregory Bridgeford: David, this is Greg Bridgeford. I would say that if you look at the cadence of the businesses, as we described, lawn and garden had a strong pull-forward effect. And then we -- it really had an impact on our inventory sell-through, and that had a margin impact. In addition, you have the -- you have a really tough comp on the building materials side which as they begin cycling up against all the activity we had in the East and Central part of the country last year in this time. On the decor categories and on -- in particular, we saw a pretty solid performance that continued to do well sequentially, and I would say that we're continuing to see strength there. And we're starting to see -- again, we're working through a balance on the big-ticket categories so that we can get a more balanced output and more predictable output. And that's a heavy focus of all of our promotional tweaking. 
Gregory Bridgeford: David, it was a factor early in the quarter and in the first 2 months as we cycled into some very hot weather, and we sold through. We had a good performance in that category, strong comp performance and a nice handling of the sell-through of the inventory. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Yes. Mike, the best way I can describe it would be that as I look through the handful of categories that have been set for more than a few weeks, I know what some of the values and some of the line review improvements are, and it's interesting to see where you're seeing the comp and margin dollar progress. So you go to a category that's very active and is a high foot traffic category, like paint, and you start seeing the benefits flow through. And that's when we describe that it will take the customer some time to encounter and discover the improvements we've made in some of the lower traffic categories. That's what Robert was referring to when he said we're going to see maybe a lengthened out impact on some of the lower foot traffic volume categories. Paint's the opposite end of the spectrum, and we're seeing customers encounter the new accessories. They're encountering the new paint lineup. They're encountering the new displays, and they like what they see, obviously. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Heavily impacted by decisions we made to increase big-ticket promotions that played out in -- basically in July. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Matt, in -- I'll start in VIP, it's -- or value improvement program, it is customer recognition of the changes that we're making in the marketplace and as that recognition turns into comparable sales and margin generation. As we -- as I described earlier, we're on target with our execution of the line reviews and our execution of the resets, as we described last quarter, and that progress is going well. But I think we're just being a little more realistic about customers' perception of certain categories that we reset. 
Gregory Bridgeford: Matt, regarding the composition of the promotions, when we look to the second half, what we're -- what we are planning for and executing is a more balanced approach to it. And the way I would describe that would be whether it's our execution of the focal points of each weekend coming up or whether it's the promotional vehicles itself with -- it's a tad mixed. We're looking for a more balanced approach to ticket-driving items and especially, what you would call anchor items, which are items which you build attachment rates around and more project-starter type items. As we will get a better mix out from that on a gross margin basis, which is key, because we're trying to make sure that just driving sales without it, we recognize the impact of that. 
Robert Niblock: Yes. I mean, it's a -- obviously, a fair point, Alan. The -- with regard to the U.S. business, we still feel really good about where we're going. We know that we had a lot of -- probably the peak of disruption in the second quarter with everything that we threw at the organization. I think we've gotten the organization settled back down. We are understanding that the benefits are still there, but it is taking a little bit longer to accrue. So certainly, with regard to the transaction with RONA and to your question, first of all, the set of transactions not imminent, even if we could get to that point, you would be into 2013 before a transaction would close, and we'd be through a lot of the -- what Greg has talked with the cadence of the line review process and the other changes, the heavy changes that we're making in the store environment. But first and foremost, we're looking at several options as to how we get scale in our business in Canada. This is one of the options that we're looking at, and we really don't know, until we can get to the point of confirmatory due diligence, whether it makes sense. From the outside, it makes sense. We need to get inside and get confirmatory due diligence to be able to confirm those beliefs, but we have a preference for friendly transaction. We're not going to do something that doesn't make long-term sense for the company. It's something that we don't think we can absorb. That's why we've kind of bifurcated the operations of the company from international and U.S. to minimize any distraction there, and we're not going to overpay something that we don't think we can get an adequate return on. So unfortunately, we can't always pick the timing as to when something may be available, when it's time to -- the right time to pursue something given what else we have in the business, but we're going to try and manage through that and try and make the right long-term decisions for the organization. But understand your point and it's a point well taken, so. 
Robert Niblock: Brian, this is Robert. Overall, I think macro -- the overall macro environment certainly has its challenges out there. While there have been some positive signs out there in housing, certainly, there's a lot of that in sales and housing prices and stuff have been really driven by a change in the mix of houses available. We started to sell through some of the distressed inventory that's out there, so that's led to increase in home prices. Housing turnover is up, but certainly, it is down from the peak it was prior to the downturn. So we are encouraged by the positive signs out there in housing. Obviously, unemployment is still a challenge in the large macro -- overall macro environment, are still a challenge and a headwind going forward. We don't know what will -- what -- how demand will be impacted by that, but certainly, we think housing is nearing the bottom of the cycle. And as we get through the election, get into 2013, we hope that there'll be some tailwinds coming out of housing, but we're not looking at anything -- any type of a dramatic tailwind coming from housing. So... 
Robert Niblock: So Matt, it's Robert. Still optimistic about what are de-leveraged, just we were probably overoptimistic -- overly optimistic as to how quickly those benefits would begin to accrue. But we still, longer term, think the benefits are there and are optimistic about where we de-lever and what it will mean for the future, so. 
Robert Niblock: As always, thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our third quarter 2012 results on November 19. Have a great day. 
Robert Hull: So Peter, thanks for the question. So if we take a look at last year, we do have tougher comparisons in the fourth quarter. Q4 last year, we said favorable weather helped us roughly 150 basis points, so we're certainly mindful of that comparison. Greg, in his comments, took you through the cadence of the line review process. So momentum is certainly building there. We are seeing good results from the few that have been set to date. Certainly, more gets set as we move into the back half of the year. In addition, we've got greater number of stores set with the product differentiation, the end caps and the drop zones. So as the year progresses, we expect more benefits from those items that hopefully offset the tough compares we've got in the fourth quarter. We also recognize that we've got tough building material comparisons, as Greg alluded to, not only in Q2 of last year but Q3 and Q4. Part of Q4 is -- was in the 150 basis points of weather favorability. So as a result, we landed a flat comp for the back half. 
Robert Hull: I'll take the first part and let Greg address the promotional piece. So 16 days does not make a quarter. So thus far, in August, sales trends have continued to accelerate. August comps are higher than what we reported for the month of July, and again, through 2 or so weeks, gross margin is essentially flat with last year. 
Robert Hull: So Mike, this is Bob. I'll start. From the margin perspective, I said 45 basis points was from promotional activity, markdowns and such. We estimate that roughly 20 basis points of the 45 results from promotional activity associated with big-ticket categories. As it relates to sales impact, it's a mixed bag. We think it probably helped cabinet and countertop sales, appliance sales, flooring sales. We think promotional activity actually hurt Millwork sales in the quarter, so we think it's a mixed bag from a sales perspective. 
Robert Hull: So when we laid out the -- kind of a 4-year plan, the $4.5 billion was simple math. We just take the $18 billion divided by 4. It wasn't exactly $4.5 billion per year, so this would be more temporary in nature. It does not... 
Robert Hull: The only change to $4.25 billion is the recognition that with top line coming down, with gross margin coming down, cash flow from operations is coming down. And as we think about balancing that with the leverage target, we needed to moderate share repurchases at this point in time. 
Robert Hull: Matt, this is Bob. So roughly, through the middle of the quarter, gross margin was close to flat with last year. As Greg indicated, there was a bit of an overcorrection regarding promotions and then just responding to a prior question, noted that the largest big-ticket impact was felt in July. So it actually got a little bit worse in the big-ticket categories towards the end of the quarter, which is why when Peter asked me about the start to this quarter, I did note that gross margins are essentially flat to last year through 2 weeks. Again, 2 weeks doesn't make a quarter. 
