Joseph McFarland: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone.  For the second quarter, we continued to drive improved execution in our stores with our associates laser-focused on serving customers and maintaining a safe store environment. In early August, in response to the surge of the Delta variant, we reinstated mask requirements for all of our associates regardless of their vaccination status. I'm appreciative that our associates are once again rising to the dynamic challenges presented by this pandemic.  I'm pleased to announce that for the sixth consecutive quarter, 100% of our stores earned a Winning Together profit-sharing bonus, resulting in a $91 million expected payout to our frontline hourly associates. And because our efforts once again exceeded expectations, this represents an incremental $20 million over the target payment level.  We're also very pleased that our PPI initiatives continue to gain traction, driving operating efficiency again this quarter as we leverage store payroll through operational process improvements and technology enhancements, reducing the amount of time our associates spend on tasking activities so they can focus instead on serving the customer.  During the quarter, we maintained strong staffing levels despite isolated labor shortages in some areas of the country. We continue to enhance the labor scheduling system that we launched in 2019, which allows us to align our payroll hours with customer traffic patterns. It also enables us to respond rapidly and effectively to changing market conditions so that we can ensure that we continue to provide great customer service while also driving operating leverage.  This year, we've installed our homegrown self-checkout solution in over 550 stores that did not have any self-checkout capability for our customers. This Lowe's-designed self-checkout was built with the home improvement shopper in mind, featuring a simplified user interface, multiple ways to scan product and the ability to use Lowe's military and credit card discounts.  This new solution is already driving higher customer adoption rates and incremental payroll leverage. And with the digital signs fully rolled out across lumber and appliances, we are not only driving labor savings but also enhance product margins as we can now adjust prices more quickly to protect share and margins during periods of price volatility.  As previously discussed, our online penetration for the quarter was 9%. And with approximately 60% of online orders picked up in the store, our dedicated in-store fulfillment teams are an integral part of the Lowe's omnichannel customer experience. We are continuing to leverage technology to improve efficiency in the customer experience, whether customers get their orders the front desk or through curbside or through their favorite option, our new pickup lockers.  Now let's turn to our performance of the Pro customer. As discussed earlier, Pro continues to outpace DIY with Pro comps of 21% for the quarter and 49% on a 2-year basis. We continue to expand our digital connection with the Pro customers. We just completed the migration of Lowe's for Pros to the cloud.  This important step in our Pro business evolution enables enhanced features, faster updates, improved site stability and more personalized offers for the Pro. One new feature is rapid reorder, which enables our Pro customers to quickly reorder items that they frequently purchase through Lowe's.  We are focused on making the Pro shopping experience both online and in-store as easy and intuitive as possible. We're also growing our Pro loyalty program as we look for innovative ways to expand our members-only benefits. Every day, we are striving to demonstrate that Lowe's is the new home for Pros.  Looking ahead, I'm excited about the second half of the year as we leverage our Total Home strategy to build on the momentum in Pro and Installation Services while also meeting the needs of the DIY customers as they continue to tackle interior and exterior projects to improve their homes.  Before I close, I would like to once again extend my appreciation to our frontline associates along with other executive and senior officers as well as merchants and field leaders. I'm out visiting stores on a weekly basis to ensure that we continue to engage with and support our frontline associates in this challenging operating environment. I'm incredibly proud of this team and their continued hard work and dedication.  With that, I'll turn it over to Dave. 
Joseph McFarland: There's no incremental projects that we're putting on our plate at this point in time for the balance of the year. I think the playbook that we launched at the beginning of the year continues to hold true because we're making the right investments in our business, and we don't see a need to change that.  Having said that, if you look at the back half of the year, we are making investments in supply chain. We're -- as Marvin indicated, we now have launched Florida. We're going to roll it out into other markets for the balance of the year. So that's putting some pressure on us as we plan, but you're going to see SG&A leverage come through as we continue to invest in productivity. It's going to drive performance, and we're going to overlap COVID-related expenses that are nonrecurring in the back half of this year, both of which is really driving SG&A productivity. 
Joseph McFarland: So Michael (sic) [ Zach ], a couple of things. First, starting with the services, we definitely believe in the project business of this install business. And when you look, there were definite categories delayed, things primarily outdoor projects, fencing, decking. As you looked at the peak in lumber prices, we found where customers were not willing to continue to invest based on the price. At the same time, we mentioned in the prepared remarks the strength in kitchen and bath, our interior category has really outperformed in the second quarter, delivering over 20% comp.  So as we look at the shift from exterior to interior, we look at the focus of the total home, we look at our focus on the Pro business, we migrated to the Google Cloud, we rolled out Pro loyalty and we continue to add enhanced features and we're seeing great response from the customers from services standpoint, also the Pros from Lowe's being the new home for Pros. 
Joseph McFarland: And listen, Greg, to Marvin's point, this is a really innovative approach to kind of how we're going to market from a supply chain perspective. But as we roll this out, to your point, we do experience some compression because as we ramp these up the first few months, we're not at full capacity. And so we experienced some margin headwinds as we get up to speed. But that is all contemplated in our 12.2% guide and our objective to get to 13% as well. So this is consistent with that narrative over the long term. 
Marvin Ellison: Kate, this is Marvin. I'll take the question. I would say that Pro outperformed our original plan. We knew that we would see a greater shift to Pro versus DIY based on what we saw in the first quarter. But the 21% comp and the 49% 2-year comp is something that exceeded our original expectations.  Having said that, if you take a look at our Pro penetration from 2018 to today, it's roughly a 300 basis points improvement. But as our total sales continues to grow, the overall Pro penetration still hovers around 25%. 
Marvin Ellison: Simeon, this is Marvin. The only point I'll add is we're very pleased that over the last 3 years, we've been able to put systems and organizational structures in place that really supports Dave's point of the agility we have.  If you go back to first quarter of 2019 when we had the cost and price issues, we had no internal mechanisms to manage that effectively. We've now rolled out a new modern price management system. Bill Boltz, Dave Denton and the merchants and finance team have created cost mitigation teams that work on a daily basis, helping us to manage cost retail and making the right decisions that first we'll think about the customer and how we can deliver value on an ongoing basis.  So in summary, we now have levers that we can pull that we didn't have in the past. And so Dave's point is exactly correct, we think we can manage this effectively today and in the future. 
Marvin Ellison: And Zach, this is Marvin. The only thing I'll add is, Joe mentioned in his prepared comments our rollout of our proprietary developed self-checkout and how that's not only creating a better customer experience, it's also helping us to leverage payroll expense the correct way by implementing technology that reduces manual labor spend.  And we talked about our PPI initiatives where we have a long list of technology enhancements that Joe is working with Seemantini, our Chief Information Officer, that's allowing us to improve productivity, improve the customer experience and reduce tasking hours, and all of that is part of the equation of us now tracking toward our 13% operating income long-term target. 
Marvin Ellison: So I'll let Joe take that and let him just talk specifically about what we're hearing from our Pro customers about their book of business and also as we look at our Installation Services business, what we see in our own pipeline. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, I'm not saying that is wrong. I think that also may consider that we're not going to improve our Pro business. So as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we've been working diligently for 24 months to really have a solid Pro business. One of the reasons why we delivered a 32% 2-year comp is because 49% of our Pro comp drove that in that 2-year basis.  So if you look at it in isolation, Michael, that probably is a true statement, but it's a dynamic business. Dynamic in the nature that we're improving our Pro business reflected by the results, dynamic in the nature that we're going to continue to take market share with the DIY customer with the things that we're launching in Decor, how we're enhancing the allen + roth brand. We just acquired STAINMASTER as a brand that we're going to expand.  So I think that the dynamic nature of DIY and our growth in Pro I think will put that synopsis into questions. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, I mentioned in the prepared comments, we're looking at an 18-plus month rollout cycle because we want to ensure that we do it efficiently and there is a significant amount of change management, change management from a process standpoint for our associates and change management in putting new systems in so that we can basically create virtual inventory and not have inventory on hand to sell, which is exactly what a market-based delivery model is.  We're very pleased with what we're seeing in Florida. We're pleased with the inventory reduction, the lift in sales, the productivity, the expense reduction. But we're a big company. And we want to make sure, as the old saying goes, we go slow to go fast, so we can do this efficiently. But we're excited about the possibilities.  And as I said, this is the foundation of our supply chain transformation. And Don Frieson, our lead in supply chain, joined the operations team, deserve a lot of credit along with IT for allowing us to have the success in Florida that we're now confident that we can roll this out to the whole company. 
Marvin Ellison: Chris, as you can respect, we want to -- we don't want to get too granular on our inter-quarter data. We felt it was prudent to share August trends just based on the unique nature of our business environment. But if you go back to Dave's comments, we compare August month to date to July on a 2-year comp basis. That -- so that's how we're looking at the business. We think with the extraordinary business results we saw in 2020, the best way for us to measure our business is to look at it on a 2-year basis.  Now having said that, we feel great about the trends that we're seeing across Pro and DIY. We believe that for the balance of the year, the Pro customer will outperform DIY just based on the year-over-year overlaps. But as Dave said, we're equally confident that the DIY will continue to invest in their home because of home price appreciation, because of the age of housing stock and because of the simple nature that as your home increases in value, you have more confidence to invest.  So we feel great about our performance. We feel so much in strong support that we raise our outlook on the top and bottom line, and that reflects that we have a pretty good line of sight to how the rest of the year should play out. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. And I'll just an additional comment. Your question specifically on south and performance in the second quarter, we were very pleased with Southern division's performance from a Pro standpoint. 
Marvin Ellison: Steve, I would say, as I have said in previous calls that home improvement market share data is suspect at best because the data set is not great. As we look at our growth in Pro, anytime you grow the business, 49% on a 2-year basis, you can assume pretty confidently that you're taking market share. And we think that, that market share is coming from a host of competitors, both small and large.  I think it's also reflective that Lowe's has not had a coherent Pro strategy in the past 10 years. And I think Joe McFarland and his team along with Bill Boltz and the merchants have done a really nice job of getting us a line on Pro. What I'd like to do is I just want to be able to take a moment and talk about some of the Pro brands that we've been able to add in brands that are untapped that we think will continue to allow us to take share in this business. 
Marvin Ellison: And on the penetration question, we'll probably end the year around 10%. And we are purposely not trying to set penetration targets. We're really trying to be more customer-centric and create an environment for a customer to shop any way they choose. I mean we talk about omnichannel, and that's an overused term lately. But in essence, we just want to give the customer choices to shop, in store, online, pick up in a locker, curbside, in store, ship from store, and just provide a multitude of options. And we'll let the penetration kind of land where it lands. 
Marvin Ellison: Eric, this is Marvin. The point I'll add to that is, you can appreciate that this is a really unique environment and a very difficult environment to forecast. And you have quite a few retailers who's not even given any guidance at all or outlook on the second half of the year because of that. We wanted to be as transparent as possible, but we also wanted to be slightly conservative. Because there's so much fluid activity happening in this environment, we felt that it was prudent to be conservative, but also, we felt it was equally prudent to be as transparent as possible on how we're seeing the business. But to Dave's point, don't read too much into that. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. We talked early on in the supply chain transformation that we're going to be making a $1.7 billion investment over a 4-year span. This whole market delivery transformation is included in that overall supply chain transformation. So we're not increasing any capital spend to achieve this or to roll this out over the next 18-plus months. But really what this means, it just gives us the ability to create a more efficient, modern delivery process.  So as an example, in the markets today where we don't have market delivery, when you come in to buy an appliance, the associate is going to sell you an appliance based on the in-stock that they have in their store or in a storage container. If it's not physically within their eyesight, they will not sell that appliance. And let's say you do sell it, then you will literally have to call the customer via telephone to arrange a delivery scheduled time. So imagine in 2021 that you don't have the ability to go online and create a virtual schedule for delivery. So all of that is being shifted and transformed to a more modern delivery model. So we keep the inventory centrally, so we got inventory reduction, we have less damage. Joe and team are using less SG&A in the stores to move things around, load things up, drive trucks. And more importantly, it gives us the ability to hold inventory centrally to create, in some cases, same-day, next-day delivery options for customers in a model that we just can't replicate without having this fully rolled out.  So we're very excited about it. This is just one of the many steps in our supply chain transformation, but this is a foundational step. And again, we're going to get this done. We just want to be prudent and not get over our skis and overburden the company from a change management standpoint, but we couldn't be more excited about what we're seeing in Florida. 
David Denton: Kate, it's Dave. I'm probably not going to give that level of granularity. I would say what is important, you have it exactly right, we do expect gross margin in the back half to be up slightly and certainly up for the full year. 
David Denton: Simeon, this is Dave. Maybe I'll start. I'm sure Marvin will maybe chime in here a bit as well. Is -- clearly, as we stated today, we had an objective to get to 12%. Now just with the strength of the business, seeing line of sight to above 12% at this juncture, clearly, we have aspirations and targets to get to 13%, and we're still tracking nicely to those -- to that objective.  As we said, we are experiencing cost pressures from an industry perspective. Our model and what we put into the business and invest in the business allows us to be flexible and pivot such that in periods when sales are flat or sales are going up slightly, we can actually lever the business. So it's our expectation that we would continue to make progress as we continue to march to that longer-term goal of 13%. 
David Denton: Yes. Simeon, that is correct. Keep in mind that we're making really nice progress from a product margin perspective. We continue to expand in that area. At the same time, we're investing in supply chain. And as we invest in supply chain, that essentially dilutes gross margin, but it relieves us of SG&A in the store. So therefore, the flow-through is very productive on the bottom line. But again, you have a geography shift as costs move up in the gross margin but out of SG&A. 
David Denton: Yes. Michael, this is Dave. Just don't forget that what has happened here over the last 18 months is a reemphasis back on the home and what you're seeing is despite the fact that the market is open -- or the U.S. market is opening up, you're still seeing a large contingent of work from home, school from home, utilizing their home for other activities other than just dwelling.  So I believe that over time, there is a secular trend and tailwind to this industry both from a Pro and from a DIY perspective. It -- I assume demand will mitigate a little bit, but it's not going to fall off the floor either. 
David Denton: Well, I think what we said is we're now, at the moment, experiencing margin pressure in lumber, and that's going to cycle through here by the end of August. We feel good about that. We continue to invest and focus on both our cost management and our pricing ecosystem here at Lowe's. And I think between the merchant and finance team, we have a really good analytical process that we're driving performance in those areas, and we have now really good line of sight to seeing gross margins up this year despite the fact that we are making investments in supply chain that is compressing margin from a cost perspective. 
David Denton: Eric, this is Dave. Obviously, it was hard to predict how gross margin was going to play out specifically for lumber this year, but obviously, we are experiencing some pressure at this point in time. I would say what we've done is taking a portfolio approach across our business and making sure that we're managing gross margin holistically such that we can deliver upon the objectives and the commitments we have from an investor perspective. So there's -- the offsets to that are fairly comprehensive across the portfolio of products.  And I'd say from a promotional standpoint, I'll ask Bill to comment on this, but we want to make sure that we're relevant on key holidays and Tier 1 events, but we're not nearly as broad and/or as deep from a promotional standpoint as we would have been back in 2019. 
David Denton: Eric, this is Dave. I don't think you should read into that too much. I think at the end of the day, we're just operating in a very fluid environment. We just want to make sure that we have line of sight to what we're going to deliver for the full year.  Yes, typically, sales do moderate in the back half of the year. I think we've just taken a realistic appropriate approach to thinking about how our back half is going to play out, and this is how we're planning it. 
William Boltz: Yes. Thanks, Marvin. So Steve, in my prepared remarks, I mentioned we're getting ready this quarter to round out our fastener program with the launch of SPAX, just a great program in the fastener segment, already complementing other brands that the merchants have brought in with the likes of GRK, FastenMaster, Power Pro One.  And then across other parts of our business, we announced Mansfield, that's a strong Pro brand in the plumbing space. We've had success getting Honda to join the Lowe's family, which is a big deal for us; another great program, LESCO fertilizers that we talked about in the first quarter.  And then we've had just real good success of getting other brands like Marshalltown, ITW, Lufkin. I named a bunch of them, and we're just -- we're fortunate that these brands have recognized the value of what we're doing at Lowe's with the Pro strategy and recognize that it's an opportunity for them to grow as well. 
William Boltz: So Steve, this is Bill. So on the Lowes.com side, obviously, continuing to enhance product assortments, continuing to make sure that content is enriched in all of the kind of the basic fundamentals are key to continuing to build this out. But as we said in our prepared remarks, we've had new enhancements that we've been able to leverage, the kitchen design program, virtual search. We've also, as Joe mentioned, migrated the Lowe's for Pros over to the cloud. We moved all of Lowes.com to the cloud a few months back. All of those initiatives are helping, making it easier and faster to make enhancements to the Lowes.com business on a weekly basis. And then the merchant teams are continuing to look at ways in which we test new products and test new brands and doing different things. So working with our brand advocates to make sure that we're putting the right stuff out there in front of the customer, the recommended products that go with a product so that you can buy the whole project.  So just a lot of great things going on with the Lowes.com team. And they continue to bring enhancements on a weekly basis to make sure that we're relevant. And we see this as a nice opportunity for us over the next 3-plus years to continue to grow our business. 
William Boltz: Yes, Dave. And Eric, I think I'd add, we've talked about this in the past. We've been on this march for an everyday competitive pricing strategy. And we wanted to make sure that when we got here, we wanted to unwind this high-low strategy that had been in place across a lot of categories. So when you think about pressure from lumber, how does it get offset elsewhere, it gets offset elsewhere by not having some of these categories on a heavy promotional drug. And so we know that we can compete every day on a competitive pricing basis, and that's the work that the team has been doing.  And then you put all the efforts that we've talked about with the pricing, the cost team, the finance team collaboration with the merchants in addition to our field merchants and our field leaders out in the field, we can -- we're on this march now for opportunities local to do different things and to enhance margins that way.  So from an event standpoint, very typical events in Q2 with Memorial Day, Father's Day, July 4 and a kind of a more normal event approach. And as we look at the back half of the year, similar trends as we look at the second half. So nothing crazy. 
