Gregory Bridgeford: Collin, when we break down the subcategories of 4441, it looks like convenience factors played a pretty strong role in the fourth quarter. When you look at paint and wallpaper stores, their performance in November and December strongly exceeded the total category of 4441, 13.4%, 6.8% in November and December, and hardware stores performed at 11.7% growth and 4.5% growth in November and December, which does actually jive with our feeling about the factors of convenience playing a strong hand in store of choice in the fourth quarter.
Gregory Bridgeford: I'd like to comment also. If you look at that spend Bob was talking about there is kind of a recognition that we're looking at spend to strengthen all the available channels with our customer in not just stores, and you see that if you listen to the AIC strategy going forward, and you understand the composition of the CapEx spend. And I think from the urban markets in the U.S., domestically, I still think we are lightly penetrated, and you see a lot of flexibility in terms of footprint moving forward as we attempt to rightsize the store for the metro opportunity.
Gregory Bridgeford: It stays on. The components are there. Full services platform or repair services, which we launched last year. Installed sales are much improved at point where installed sales order management flexible, those are the big things about the services platform, and really that's what helped us to cater to this better customer experience inside the box and across all the local channels where customers would like to shop with us going forward. Dot com [ph], we continue to invest in dot com, and certainly Robert mentioned some numbers on dot com, we're very pleased with dot com. It's still a small part of our business but overall it’s a growing part of our business. And certainly, we think the way customer will shop in the future is where we’ll really tie in to how we start thinking out beyond the four walls of our stores.
Robert Hull: Dennis, this is Bob, I'll start. So one of the things that we've gone through the past couple of years when planning the upcoming fiscal year is the economists’ forecast are for a soft first half and improving second half, and we've been fooled a couple of times there. So we are actually planning for much more conservative market growth, specifically, in the back half of the year. The economist tend to -- their forecast are referred to as the mean, so everything kind of improves. We expect to be able to take market share when it comes, but we're planning very cautiously at this point in time.
Robert Hull: The base price optimization, the patched area, as Larry described is very local in nature so the evaluation takes into account our pricing relative to the competition in the market. It does balance the desire to grow unit volume in some categories and gross margin. In other categories, it's a mixed approach, and is really based on that specific market. I would guess that the local economy and house price impact has a greater impact, a far greater impact than what we've done for the base price standpoint, market-by-market.
Robert Hull: So if we take a look at the inflation categories. Principally, lumber, build materials and copper, those were certainly up. In total, we experienced about 20 basis points of favorable impact on the comp for the fourth quarter. And thinking about 2011, we do recognize that there will be increasing request for price increases from the vendor community. As we think about rising prices of gasoline, clothing, food, et cetera, we are concerned with impact on the consumer confidence and spending as a result of kind of a mixed bag of potential increase in prices versus potential decrease in purchase trends. We will assume no impact on comps or gross margin as it relates to inflation for 2011.
Robert Hull: This is Bob. On the CapEx trends, yes we do expect it to average roughly about $1.6 billion for the five-year period. We did expect a slight uptick in 2011 relative to the other year specifically to some investments we're making in technology both in the store and as it relates to CRM tools as we strive to build better customer experiences. Also as we think about our existing stores, the team has done a good job over the past couple of years, continued to refine our ongoing maintenance, which has allowed us to extend the useful life of some of our trucks, forklifts, to both stores and DCs . Based on the extension of a life we've been able to largely postpone purchases of that equipment over the past couple of years. We're at the point now where we need to repurchase new equipment, so that's causing a bit of an uptick in existing store CapEx relative to last year. So in total, I think we're going to have a higher mix of IT spend in 2011 going forward just based on the way the forward serving a lower mix of new store as a proportion of total CapEx.
Robert Hull: Matt, as it relates to Deb's question, we talked about the increase in CapEx as it relates to some of our initiatives there’s also an expense side of that. That's roughly 10 basis points of deleverage in the first quarter. But that's also about 10 basis points for the year as well.
Robert Niblock: I’ll start on the prototypes and let Bob address the capital question there. Standard prototype we're building today is 103,000 square feet, and that's down from 117,000 square foot store that we built for many years. We also had our smaller market store, which is 94,000 square-foot store that we use in certain smaller markets and also in some urban areas where that’s what we can fit into that particular area. So in terms of square footage, we’ve dropped it overall about 10% to 15%. And we still have our outdoor garden center in all of our stores and that really varies depending on the piece of property we can buy and what we can put on the site. 103K I’d say in the last two years that’s predominantly what we built as a company. It's our prototype going forward as we go back in re-merchandise our stores. There’s a lot of things that we gain sufficiency with 103 that have us go back into our other families of stores and improve the shopping experience for the customers just a couple of things on our seasonal side. We’re able to better merchandise our patio furniture, our outdoor power equipment, our walk-behind mowers and things like that, that really create a much improved shopping experience by some of the learnings we got from 103 because we did have that reduced square footage, we had to figure out how to make the store work better. So I'm very pleased with this prototype and 94K, we launched that many years ago and that's still been a great small-market store for us. In the 94K still has 94,000 square feet of interior selling space. So I'm very pleased with those two prototypes, and I'm sure we look at different things in the future depending on how the markets shake out, but for now, that's how we’ll build the majority of our stores in those two sizes.
Robert Niblock: This is Robert Niblock. Part of putting Mike in that really to more than half speed the market from a technology standpoint, but second is really to enhance the focus of the technology that's delivered and looking at it from an operations perspective because, as you know, certainly, with rollout technology of the store it really has to sink up well with what makes sense and what works for to the operators that are out there day-to-day on the floor of the store. I think Mike brings a very valuable perspective to that, and he's surrounded himself with the technology expertise he needs on his team to ensure that from a technology standpoint it works, but then his perspective that he adds is bringing to market technology that really will resonate well with the field organization when it hits the floor of the stores. So that's what we're trying to accomplish and we're very excited about some of the early things that he's already focused on we'll be rolling out over the next couple of years.
Robert Niblock: I think if you think about finding some of both and certainly if you think about a lot of people have had work weeks cut to four days a week, and things like then and people need additional second income, so we've been able to line up some real quality people to help us with our weekend teams.
Robert Niblock: Eric, this is Robert. I mean I think overall, we still look to gain share in appliance we still think there's great opportunity out there. We'll be focused on that throughout 2011 as well. Obviously, we know that there's a hurdle coming up against with stimulus programs in 2011. We've got some other promotional things that we think will help offset part of that. We may not offset 100% of it, but we also recognize quite frankly that last year's high in the first quarter, even though we had great weather in the month of April and we've garnered some great sales. We knew there were some other areas that we probably didn't execute as well as we thought we could have. So even though we got a hurdle with appliances, to go up against in the first quarter, actually first half of 2011, we also recognize that there's some opportunity out there with other categories that we can execute better in, and that's really what the team is focused on we're saying, "Okay, given the environment, given what we're going up against, how do we execute as well as we can with some great promotions that we have out there and some great new ideas in the appliance category but then really focus on, where we didn't get our share of the business last year and go harder after that." So that's kind of our game plan. But on longer term our goal we got great relationships with key vendors in the appliance area. We're quickly becoming one of the biggest competitors with the dynamics that have changed overall in the industry. We feel good about our relationship, and we expect to continue to grow and I think it is, particularly, as you think about the environment slowly starting to improve. Customers, as we go forward, are starting to ease more maybe into some home improvement related areas. I think that bodes well for being strong in that category as well, so it continues to be a key focus for us.
Robert Niblock: We still had an aggressive promotion around Black Friday but just not as aggressive as others in the marketplace. So compared on year-over-year basis and everything, we still have good performance those types of things. We just weren't as aggressive as others in the marketplace, and maybe we didn't respond as quickly as we should have to that, and maybe gave up a little bit of share. We've taken all that into account. But no we're purposely sitting out. We just try to balance it across our promotions across some of the other categories of merchandise that we had in the store, and we probably gave up some on appliances because of that.
Robert Niblock: On price optimization, Eric, I would say that all of our market, shops everything we do still shows that we are appropriately priced in the marketplace. I think what it does help us with is stuff like the better sell-through that you see. So we make sure we're priced right and that by doing a better sell-through on the products. Obviously, that helps from a margin standpoint because you don't have those heavy markdowns at the end of the seasonal period, no everything we've seen from price optimization leads us to believe that we're headed in the right direction, and we don't think it is negatively impacting our price image out there in the marketplace.
Robert Niblock: Thanks again for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again as we report our first quarter results on May 16. Thanks, and have a great day.
