Robert Niblock: Yes, well, Michael, if you look at the adjusted calendar numbers that Bob gave you, we certainly saw the sequential improvement in comps over the quarter. And then if you also look, 40% of our business in the second quarter is outdoor seasonal products. We think about the impact that the weather had, the rain impact that we had in May, and then obviously, the late spring, which impacted the north and the extreme heat that we ran into later in the quarter. We still saw sequential improvement when we look at everything from talking to our Consumer Sentiment Survey, everything we heard from the consumer, they're still highly engaged in discretionary spending around the home driven by how they build out the overall housing market and the value of their home continuing to increase. So when we look at the macroeconomic environment and look at the impacts that weather had on our particular business in the quarter, it still sets us up incredibly well. Now I'll get Mike to jump in on some of the things that he thinks is going to drive the excitement for us on our outlook for the back half of the year and what we're focused on. 
Robert Niblock: Yes. Simeon, this is Robert. If you look at -- to part of your question kind of the spread. The west was our best performing area of the country, best performing division. We said the north was our weakest-performing division. There was almost a 500 basis points spread in comps between those 2 divisions. So hopefully that highlight or addresses the spread questions you were talking about from what we saw from market-to-market. 
Robert Niblock: Yes. So what we're seeing, so if you exclude the net gain on the hedge, as we bring in the operating performance of RONA, that more than offsets transaction and integration costs. So from an EPS perspective and from an EBIT dollar perspective, it's accretive. What's happening is there's 2 items. So if you pull in RONA's results, which have a lower EBIT percentage, has effective mixing of the total companies EBIT down. Second are the purchase price accounting adjustments. So by the impacts I gave you for the year and then specifically for Q3 and Q4, the 60, 50 basis points impact on EBIT, you should be able to take RONA's 2015 reported financials to be able to discern the mix and the purchase price accounting impact for the second half of the year. So it is accretive from an EBIT dollar and EPS standpoint, but it does have a negative impact as a percent of sales. 
Robert Niblock: Dan, Richard Maltsbarger's in the room. And he -- Robert reports up through him, Head of International. So I'll get him to address your questions. 
Robert Niblock: Sure. We still -- we continue to be pleased with what we're seeing from the MRO customer segment, especially when you look at the Pro in general, we continue to make and leverage our investments. As Mike highlighted earlier, to continue to drive relevance and build relationships with those customers. You look at our LowesForPros launch, it's really something that we continue to see the MRO customer gravitate to as they -- it becomes easier for them to shop our stores and make it easier for them to purchase and build segmented profit list. And then you look at the investments in our inventory depth as well as our AEP networks. International sales teams, I think, all combined to help us continue to drive that performance. As we've talked about, Pro is now approximately 30% of our total volume, continues to grow at a faster rate than our DIY business as the Pro continues to leverage our strengths in the categories, the brands that we're bringing in and continue to introduce as well as our 5 Ways to Save value proposition. So we think, holistically, those aspects drive greater relationships and synergies across all Pro customers, not just one segment. 
Robert Niblock: No, we're not seeing any impact from new entrants. I guess, I would think about appliances as we had comps in line on top of very strong comps last year. So our 2-year stack appliances is very, very strong. We like how we positioned appliances. We like that. We can -- we have the largest dedicated showroom floors on appliances. We like where we are with respect to our J.D. Powers and Associates ranking. We like the fact that we do our deliveries. We really do appreciate the way we do our display techniques with appliances with full vignettes to allow the customer to envision more appliances in their home. The way I would think about appliances is that it's a critical category for us. We hope to make -- we will work to maintain our #1 position and it's a great way for us to sell the entire kitchen and leverage the cabinets and countertop space that we have right next to the category. So we continue to be very bullish about it. And we think that we'll gain share in the second quarter -- excuse me, in 2016 just as we did in the second quarter. 
Robert Niblock: When we look at our performance in appliances versus the industry, we actually believe we gained share in the second quarter. 
Robert Niblock: We felt good in the -- certainly in the fourth quarter and the first quarter on paint, with both quarters being above the company average. We can clearly see that we're gaining share for it in first quarter. As we look at the second quarter, we can see this clear split, this clear line of demarcation between indoor and outdoor. We think there's some opportunities for us to continue to enhance our line design, but outside of that, we feel we're good about our brands. When you have Sherwin-Williams, Valspar and PPG/Olympic, those exclusive brands are very powerful. We think it positions us well. 
Robert Niblock: Thanks for your continued interest in Lowe's. We look forward to speaking with you again when we report our third quarter results on Wednesday, November 16. Have a great day. 
Michael Jones: Absolutely. Macro backdrop certainly is constructive. The consumers want us to do projects. Feels good. As you get into the back half, you start to lean more towards interior projects. Certainly less weather impact on interior projects. We're positioned to take advantage on some of the strong demand in the back half with expected interior projects. We've spoken about our project specialist program being expanded to all stores. I spoke earlier about the investment that we've made in digital. I like how we're positioned from a product perspective with our strength in appliances. Our full vignettes, our delivery, all brands and installation. I like how we're positioned in fashion lighting. With our 3-brand strategy around Kichler, Progress and Quoizel, our foreign lineup is second to none, with Pergo laminate, Cali Bamboo and our STAINMASTER brand. We like our position in paint. We've talked a lot about Sherwin-Williams, Valspar and PPG/Olympic, the exclusives that we have there. We've done a lot of work around stain, bringing back Cabot and expanding our Minwax. And if you think about the Pro business, we continue to be more relevant with Pro with return of brands like Marshalltown on top of those other brands that we took back and spoke to earlier in the year. So we think we're well positioned going into the second quarter -- excuse me, the second half. And we think the macro is going to play to avail a lot of investments, in particular on the interior strength and some of that demand. 
Michael Jones: Sure. Absolutely. First, we continue to learn. It's  -- both the promotional landscape as well as marketing -- Digital Marketing, continue to evolve. We continue to utilize media mix modeling so that we can optimize every dollar spent against the best return. We continue to migrate from print advertising and analog into digital. We're not seeing a fundamental shift in promotional cadence or promotional depth. So the market remains very rational in terms of promotions. But what we are seeing are new and enhanced techniques on getting our promotions in front of our customers. So as an example, we have a very strong social media footprint on Snapchat, Facebook and Instagram. In the second quarter, we drove 27 million impressions on social media alone, and that's on top of 32 million impressions in the first quarter. So with our digital capabilities and our ability to continue to flex promotions, we're finally getting the right promotion from the customer at the right time. So we're learning a lot. We continue to evolve it, and it's an evolving space. 
Michael Jones: Let me take the first part of that on the category performance. Where we saw pressure with the categories below average, in most cases, it's because of outdoor sales. So in outdoor power equipment, as example, we had very soft mower sales. In millwork, we had soft doors and windows sales. However, with some of our interior lower categories, we actually saw very robust sales. And in paint, we had soft sales in exterior coatings, but positive comps in interior coatings. So another way to think about it, right, if I think about big-ticket strength, as an example, in the second quarter, kitchen cabinets actually showed strength. Chandeliers and vanity lightings were up double digit. Wooden vinyl flooring was up double-digit. Bath vanities were up double digit. We had some exterior projects that were up quite strong as well. Shingles were up double digits. Warding's [ph] up double digits. Fencing was up high single digits. But where we did we see a little softness was in exterior projects, and we tipped and typed that DIY customers would take on. So the macroeconomics feel pretty good. In rough plumbing and rough electric, we had deflation, in particular, around copper that impacted the category. 
Michael Jones: And I guess, I would probably describe the promotional environment, again, I think it's rational. I don't know that you're going to see any substantial increases in promotional depth. I think, you see us leverage our consumer insights analytical capability to tweak promotions to make them more efficient, and I think you see us use some of our marketing digital capabilities to ensure that we're getting better utilization on how we extend our promotions. But again, I would define the promotional environment as rational with much better tools to help us optimize how we bring promotions in front of our customers. And I think that the learnings, I think, are inherent in some of the digital tools that are being deployed and how we better utilize promotions to get a return on every dollar spent. 
Robert Hull: Sure, Simeon. I'll start. So Robert talked about the 40% of outdoor/seasonal business. That's certainly a strength of ours. While we experienced the same weather as everybody else, we were disproportionately impacted by the strength in those categories. As we talked about Q1, with weather favorability of 150 basis points that came back in the second quarter. In Mike's comments, he talked about the strength we saw in the west as well as positive comps in the south. Certainly, we had pressure up in the northeast, which contributed most of the pressure associated with weather. 
Robert Hull: Yes. So regarding the first half, Simeon, we delivered a 4-4 comp, which was essentially on plan for the first half. Q1 came in a little better based on the weather benefits. Second quarter came in a little bit worse based on the weather drag. But we are on plan for the first half of the year. So if you think about the second half, we essentially are looking at a 3.5 comp in Q3 and Q4 to achieve the 4% comp for the year. So we feel comfortable and confident of our ability to achieve that. 
Robert Hull: So from a traffic and ticket perspective, the performance was relatively flat across the months of the fiscal period similar to the comp performance. So the adjusted figure is 7, 2 and 2, 3, fairly narrow band. We saw ticket and traffic perform largely consistent with the 3 months of the period. 
Robert Hull: So with the start to Q3, we are confident in our ability to achieve the 2016 targets. Certainly, there's much less potential for weather impact in Q3. And based on the sales volume in Q4, there's always potential for weather, but it's less of an impact. We talked about some modest disruption associated with the .com platform in Q2. That's behind us. We're seeing really strong performance subsequent to that. The other thing I would suggest, Matt, is we've had some modest deflation pressure on sales in the first half of the year, more so in Q1, less so in Q2. That should flip with strength in lumber prices to modest inflation in the second half of the year. 
Robert Hull: The potential pressure from weather, in looking at the second half, our comparisons in Q3 are 4.6%; and Q4, 5.2%. So not much of a difference in our comparisons we're going up against in the second half of '15. And based on the factors that Mike described, the efforts with the Pro, replatforming our comp site and progress we're making on LowesForPros, enhancing our PSI offering and the resets he described, we feel confident in the second half of the year. 
Robert Hull: So, Chris, the estimated impact of the .com disruption in Q was roughly 25 basis points. As part of the DCs, I don't have the -- actually, I do have that impact. That's roughly 20 basis points of impact to the second quarter. 
Robert Hull: We're also seeing good .com performance to start Q3. As I mentioned a moment ago, with the Q3 start, we're confident in our ability to hit the targets for the year as well as the 3.5% for the second half. 
Robert Hull: So Dan, we talked a lot about promotions in the first quarter. Certainly, margin down 43 basis points. We talked about some specific things we did in Q1. We take advantage of the spring season again, it's a strong proportion of our business and with favorable weather. We indicated that, that pressure was largely contained to Q1. As we think about our gross margin performance, absent the RONA impact, up 17 basis points in the second quarter. Bob can take you through the array of options we have for promotions. But we do think about the tools and capabilities we have to align the promotional tactics around the categories and the timing to stimulate the demand and build baskets. 
Robert Hull: So, Scot, as we think about weather impact, we compare actual temperature and precipitation to historical norms to determine the weather impact. The majority of the weather impact certainly was in May. There were some minor impact as well in July because of the extreme heat. 
Robert Hull: Yes. So what we did was we've given you the weather impacts based on the methodology I just described. What I can't quantify is the exact amount of pull-forward and the impacts to each of the first 6 months of the fiscal year. I can't tell you how that changed consumer behavior and the timing of the purchases. 
Robert Hull: Peter, thanks for the question. As you know, we've got analyst conference in December. We'll update you on our long-term financial targets at that time. 
Robert Hull: Right, which was slightly higher than what we saw in the first quarter. Also, as you think about the big-ticket categories and the comp performance above 500, our worst-performing category in the quarter was outdoor power equipment. I think, riding mowers, we've get #1 share as the big-ticket category had a disproportionate negative impact on that segment of our business. 
