Joseph McFarland: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone.   Let me begin by expressing my appreciation for our associates. They delivered strong customer service and profitability this quarter due to their commitment to our perpetual productivity improvement initiatives or PPI. Over the first half of the year, we have made meaningful strides. I'd like to spend some time now discussing what we are focused on for the remainder of 2022, including how we continue to simplify our store processes.   Earlier this year, we launched what we call Project Simple in our stores, one of our many PPI initiatives with a focus on further reducing daily duplicative tasks that distract from customer service and drive needless expense. In fact, as we continue rolling out Project Simple, we expect that it will eliminate over 80 nonproductive hours per store per week in the second half.   In February, I discussed the launch of our game-changing, new store inventory management system, or SIMS. While we are just 6 months into the implementation, we are already seeing strong results. With the improved inventory visibility, we are reducing nonproductive hours the associates spend searching for product while also improving the customer shopping experience, in-store and online.   And in the second half, we will leverage SIMS for an exciting new feature, prescriptive pack down. This new process will provide specific downstocking instructions to our associates based on sell-through rates. So they know whether the product needs to go directly on to the shelf or the end cap bypassing the top stock altogether. This drives a more efficient, proactive replenishment and inventory planning process.   As these examples illustrate, PPI is not a static set of initiatives that will expire at a predetermined date. PPI's perpetual process of ongoing initiatives that will continue to deliver productivity, not only in the second half, but for many quarters to come.   Now shifting our focus to the Pro. We continue to deliver incredible results with Pro comps of over 13% in the quarter. In fact, this is the ninth quarter in a row that we have driven double-digit Pro comps. Even in a quarter that is traditionally our most DIY-heavy, we saw Pro penetration of over 23% in the U.S., an increase of over 500 basis points from 2019.   And we are further enhancing our Pro offering with our new MVPs Pro Rewards and Partnership Program. This Pro loyalty program launched in the first quarter, and it continues to outperform our expectations.   In July, we launched MVP's Bonus Points in conjunction with our first-ever Lowe's MVP bonus days event with a focus on the products that Pros use every day. Pros earn extra bonus points on our leading brands such as DEWALT, Valspar, FLEX, Metabo, A.O. Smith and Frigidaire. Our Pros can redeem their points for other products or gift cards in the MVP Pro Reward Center. It is their choice, and we made it easy for all Pros to benefit.   As our MVP's Pro Rewards program continues to mature in the second half, we are excited to present our Pros with compelling offers that will be tailored just for them.   Before I close, let me discuss the investments that we are making in our most important asset, our associates, as we strive to become the employer of choice in retail. We recently announced expanded scheduling options for our full-time associates. Most full-time associates can now request a fixed 4-day work week, fixed days off or even choose their preferred shift providing them with predictability on their terms. This is a significant improvement in our associates' quality of life, and it is another way that we are differentiating ourselves from other retailers.  As Marvin mentioned, to help our frontline hourly associates during this period of high inflation, we are awarding an incremental bonus of $55 million. Also for a designated time frame, we are providing our associates with an additional 10% discount on everyday household and cleaning items. Associates can now purchase these products at a 20% discount, which we hope will ease the burden of inflation impacting many of these items. We will continue to look for meaningful ways to improve our associates work-life balance, while providing them with the tools to build a career at Lowe's. I would like to thank our associates once again for their commitment to Lowe's and to our customers.  Now I'll turn the call over to Brandon. 
Joseph McFarland: Thanks, Marvin. And listen, I think it goes back to the focus that we've had on our associates. And again, with the PPI initiatives, we're moving unnecessary daunting tasks replacing them with technology and just enabling the associates' time on the floor to be more productive. We've done things, the flexible scheduling. We've talked many times in the past about our new labor management engine. And so as we continue moving forward, we measure every single day, every single week, and we're very pleased with the progress we've made both in the operational expense and the customer experience. 
Joseph McFarland: Yes, Scot, just add one thing to that. So in a recessionary environment, as you look at the DIY, that tends to shift more to the repair categories versus the big ticket. And so there's a lot of indicators out there that we watch on a very regular basis. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. So, Simeon, this is Brandon. Just as we look at DIY specifically, the business was heavily weighted to DIY seasonal in the first half of the year, I think, underperformed a bit just due to the weather, the pull forward that we mentioned in patio and grills. Second half of the year, transitioning more to the core the interior of the store. And in particular, post-July 4, over the last 6 weeks, we've seen continued momentum building in these categories.  We've seen a clear step-change in the business, 1- to 3-year comps improving, again, in particular, in Pro and core interior. And then I'll point back to transactions, Q1, Simeon, down 13. We saw improvement in Q2 down 6. So we like the momentum we're seeing and optimistic around the step-changes again that we're seeing in the second half. 
Brandon Sink: Kate, this is Brandon. The only thing I would add in the prepared remarks, we talked about units being down. I think it has allowed us to make the needed investments, in particular, in the Pro space as we've seen momentum there. To continue to support demand, we've had improved in-stocks and in certain areas that we struggled a bit through the pandemic. So as Marvin said, really pleased where we are from an inventory position.  We're managing seasonal, just like we would every year. In-stock levels are better than they've been here over the last 2.5 years. And any expected exit of seasonal fully included in the margin expectations that we have for second half. 
Brandon Sink: Yes, Peter, I would just call out just in this dynamic environment, I think really important for us to look at unit trends in particular. So between the merchant teams, the finance teams, week in, week out, we're down at a very detailed category assortment level. We're looking at 1-, 2- and 3-year trends and what -- how much of the business is being driven by inflation, ticket, the offset, how much we're driving in terms of units and demand. We've mentioned some of these categories in seasonal where we've seen units get back to pre-pandemic levels. We talked about patio and grills.  So starting to understand and get comfortable and the flip side is we're seeing great unit growth in other areas like the Pro business that we want to continue to feed. So looking across the assortment, looking at those impacts, how that impacts inventory replenishment ordering and the drivers of the business teams are really focused on that. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. We have -- we feel like we have a pretty good handle on the gross margin drivers of the business here over the second half. We expect modest product margin improvement, as you mentioned, offset by higher supply chain costs. That's inclusive of distribution, transportation. We mentioned the drag in Q2 and the expanded network. Shrink credit, fairly neutral as we look across the second half as it relates to other contributors to margin. So full year unchanged as it relates to guiding to slightly up from a gross margin standpoint. We feel really, really good about our ability to deliver that. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. So, Scot, I think confidence, just given the first half isolated impacts that Marvin called out around the weather, the DIY discretionary, I mentioned earlier just momentum that we're seeing in the business, in particular, post-July 4 and again, looking at 1-year and 3-year comps, clear step-change that we're seeing in the business there. And then I think last, just as we look at the second half and really the structural sort of setup of the business, it's less seasonal. It's definitely interior-focused as we get into the core categories. And we think that, just coupled with the momentum, again, that we're seeing with the Pro, we feel like that plays really well when we look at the second half outlook that we have on the business. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. So, Michael, this is Brandon. I would just tell you, we're very focused on delivering what the most likely scenario that we have with the business, which is updated in our outlook. So we're looking at top line being down 1%. We're really confident given the ability to manage gross margin, the step-up that we're seeing with SG&A leverage and how that's translating to profit expansion and EPS. Confident in that scenario, confident delivering on what we have in the guide. And that's where we are at this point in time. 
Brandon Sink: Yes, Chris, I'm not going to get into too much detail just specifically on DIY comps. But I would say just a response, as I mentioned over the last 6 weeks, especially as we've moved more to the interior of the core, the DIY business within the home decor categories, I think, has been notable, and that's where we're seeing momentum. And then I'd also just call out there's other areas, lumber is going to be a mix between Pro and DIY, but sort of just given where pricing is at that point, too, we're seeing nice response there, and we're seeing activity that we continue to see momentum building as we get into August here. 
Brandon Sink: Thanks, Marvin. So, yes, Chris, I would say, just given rate tightening that we're seeing from the Fed, monitoring the commodity markets, we're definitely expecting some normalization as we move across the second half and into next year. We have built as Marvin has mentioned, the disciplined product cost management process. We feel like we have the insights to the cost drivers across our suppliers. We understand where it's coming from in terms of commodities, labor, transportation.  And as raw materials down, we're positioned and prepared to renegotiate prices with our suppliers. We're actually very much underway in certain areas with Bill and his team. And then from a pricing perspective, like we always do, we're going to leverage a portfolio approach if and when we call back the dollars, but we're always going to ensure that we're going to be competitive there as we approach pricing. 
Marvin Ellison: Simeon, this is Marvin. I think it's important to note that when you look at the first half of the year, the first half is obviously more seasonal. And so we had weather impacts that drove a lot of our negative units, if you think about outdoor lawn and garden, chemicals, et cetera. And then if you think about what we talked about the unprecedented demand we saw in the last couple of years in some of these DIY discretionary categories, specifically, patio and grills. We're not going to experience the seasonality of the business in the second half of the year, and we're not going to experience that unprecedented overlap in those 2 highly seasonal discretionary categories. 
Marvin Ellison: Simeon, it's a really good question. I think it depends on the financial category. So I'll remind you that home improvement is a $900 billion marketplace. And I think it's easy to just focus on the 2 largest players and determine the overall market share gain just based on that, but this is a really fragmented marketplace. So on the revenue side, we absolutely believe that we have an incredible wrong way to continue to grow, just focus specifically on the fact that our Pro penetration is hovering around 23% to 25%. And we know we can get that number significantly higher.  Now the good news is, as Joe mentioned, is increased 500 basis points since 2019. So on the sales revenue side, we think we have an incredible opportunity to continue to grow. On operating margin, I mean, we said consistently that 12% was not a plateau. It was a baseline. Now we're going to say the same thing about 13%. We think when we hit that plateau, it's just going to be another baseline that we can continue to grow from. Joe talked about the importance of our PPI initiatives that is not a static list, but this is something that we see benefit in future quarters and candidly future years. So in both those areas, we think that we have room to grow, and we look forward to providing a very detailed outlook at the December conference. 
Marvin Ellison: So, Kate, I'll take the first part of that, and I'll let Brandon and Bill jump in. I would say, first and foremost, I am extremely pleased with the disciplined collaboration and planning that's taken place to put us in a really good inventory position vis-a-vis the retail industry. Any time you could have units declining in this environment with supply chain constraints and just incredible difficulties in forecasting, it points to a lot of hard work.  So the headline is we feel really good about our current inventory position, and we feel good about our in-stock position in the second half of the year versus last year. So I'm going to let Brandon talk a little bit about the financial expression and I'll let Bill talk about where we are and where we feel like that we're in a much better position versus what we've been in past years and past quarters. 
Marvin Ellison: Peter, it's a really good question. Obviously, we pay very close attention to what we describe as service levels versus as task levels. And the thing that Joe and the store operators have done an incredible job is investing in service while taking hours away from tasks. So when you see that SG&A leverage, it's not like the old days where you just kind of rip payroll out and you risk service.  What Joe and his team have done a masterful job of is pulling hours away from non-customer-facing parts of the store, taking some of those dollars to the bottom line, but then reinvesting dollars on the service side. So I'll let Joe give you some specifics. But the headline is likelihood to recommend up for both DIY and Pro in the quarter with SG&A leverage, and that is not easy to do. So, Joe, you could provide some detail. 
Marvin Ellison: Look, as you can imagine, there are quite a few things that we look at. And I think the thing that I'm most pleased with, when I look around the table of my team is there's a lot of experience, a lot of people who live through quite a few different iterations of macro slowdowns in the home improvement space. So we have some pretty effective playbooks on the merchandising side, on the store operations side, on managing cost and inventory. I think it's one of the reasons why we've demonstrated quite a bit of agility in some of these unique times. Having said that, I'll let Brandon give you a little bit of the things that we look at just to make sure that we have our finger on the pause of the health of the business. 
Marvin Ellison: Steve, so let me just -- I'm not going to answer that question specifically, let me say that first. So but I'll give you just some thoughts on the Pro loyalty program. We talked about the 13% comp growth in Pro and 37% growth on a 2-year basis. And we think that the foundation of what's driving that is really monetizing the investments we've already made from a service, staffing and technology.  I think the second reason why you're seeing growth is the investments in brand that Bill talked about in his prepared comments and that's an ongoing process. Fulfillment is improved as a third kind of component of improvement. And we know that we have work to do to continue to make fulfillment easier for our Pro customers. And that's one of the things that, as I mentioned, that we're piloting a fulfillment center gig network, and we're excited about the possibilities.  And then the last foundational point is what you asked is loyalty. And we think our new MVP program is incredibly successful in the early stages. And so how do I define that? Customers that are engaged in Pro loyalty and credit spend 3x more than Pros that don't. I mean, to me, that's the key metric that we look at. Do we understand the level of Pros that's tiering up we do, we don't want to discuss that externally. But what I will tell you is all the events that we've launched this year, leveraging points and Pro loyalty have exceeded our expectations, and we have a lot more to come. And we'll provide some level of granularity in the future, but it's too early to share it externally, but I will tell you that we're pleased with the progress. 
Marvin Ellison: It's a fair question. So, Scot, I'll take the first part, and I'll let Brandon provide some context. So when you look at DIY and you look at the first half, I think it's important to understand that a lot of the negative impacts have been relatively isolated in discretionary categories. We talked a lot about patio and grills. But candidly, for the last 2 or 3 years with the lack of mobility that we've all had and the amount of time we spend at home, once you make an investment for patio furniture and grill is really not an overriding demand to do it again a year or 2 later, and we understand that. And also, we talked quite a bit about the shortened weather season of spring and how that put a lot of pressure on lawn and garden outside categories, and that's almost exclusively for us, DIY-specific. So when we try to put in characterization, what drove the DIY slowness in the first half, we can be very specific on that. But as we look at the back half, we know that a shift is coming based on our business trends. And I'll let Brandon just provide a little context on the trends we are seeing. And when we look to the interior of the store, what we believe will happen in the back half of the year. 
Marvin Ellison: And Michael, this is Marvin. The thing that we often talk about internally is that expense is typically relative to sales and expense as a percent of sales and percent of revenue. And so we have proven that we have levers that we can pull so that we can ensure that as revenue goes down, then we can, at the same point, bring our rate of expense down. And that's something that we feel very confident in our ability to deliver upon. And I think Q1 and Q2 of this year should represent that. 
Marvin Ellison: Michael, it's a really good question. I think you can appreciate that this has been one of the most difficult environments to forecast and to build any kind of consistent modeling on. So what I will say to you is we pay close attention to all the trends, and we are obviously now looking at what we call pre-pandemic sale rates and understanding where we have reverted back by category to those pre-pandemic levels. And so we know where we are and what categories are in those specific run rates, and we know which categories are not.  And our job is to pay really close attention to those merchandising categories to ensure that we're in a good insight position, that we have good presentation, that were priced right. And that's our best attempt to try to manage it. We'll have a much better answer for you as we wrap up the kind of the back end of the year. Because of the uniqueness of these overlaps, it's really tough to answer that question with any precision just coming out of the second quarter. 
Marvin Ellison: Eric, this is Marvin. Short answer is no plans to change any of our philosophical approach to promotions and pricing. Our key is to be competitive. And again, we've invested in some sophisticated tools that give us real-time visibility to our competitors so we can be price right every single day. I'll let Bill talk more about his thoughts on promotion and pricing just to reinforce that we have a consistent philosophy that we plan to stick with. 
Marvin Ellison: Eric, this is Marvin. And I really appreciate the question because we're in this unique environment with customer demand, especially coming out of that outsized demand in certain discretionary categories during the pandemic. So we are closely monitoring any of our -- we call it, Tier 1 holiday promotions just to see our customers respond. The biggest difference at Lowe's today versus when I arrived about 4 years ago is that there is a rigorous analytical process that we go to coming out of all types of promotions just to look at, did we get the return on investment.  And so what we're not going to do, to Bill's point, is just kind of follow historical trends just because we're going to evaluate whether or not we got a return when the customer responded and we'll adjust accordingly. And we've been doing quite a bit of adjusting because the customers are responding differently because this is such a unique environment. But as I said earlier, we're anxious now look at the back half of the year, we feel good about the trends as Brandon outlined.  We feel good about how the customer is shifting on the interior parts of the store because that's where we're really strong and we feel we're well positioned. And we'll have a much better assessment looking at the full year going into next year relative to some of these customer engagement to some of these events. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, I'll repeat what Brandon said. We've seen a step change post-July 4 in our business, and that continues into the month of August. But it's early, but early means that the trends that we anticipated, we're seeing those trends, and we're seeing even better than we anticipated in certain categories. So that's a good news. But I'll just let Brandon kind of reiterate why we have confidence in the DIY consumer as we look at the back part of the year. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, before Brandon was elevated to his more prestigious position, he did that work for us in merchandising with Bill. So I'll let him give you some specifics on that. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. Thanks, Mike. This is Marvin. We feel good about the overall sales volume in the Pro business. And as Joe noted, second quarter is typically our highest DIY penetrating quarter of the year. But when we look at the Pro business, we feel incredibly positive on the momentum and just the daily volume we're seeing across all geographies relative to what we were seeing 2 or 3 years ago. And we think it's very sustainable than it's proven to be.  And we think as we get into the back half of the year with our new Pro loyalty program, with improved job-like quantity in stocks with some of the brands that Bill outlined that we're going to see this momentum continue. And as I said, it's not just about Pro loyalty, Pro loyalty is one of the foundational pieces of the strategy in addition to all the investments we've made in the store, the brands, the fulfillment improvement.  And also, just as a reminder, our U.S. reset project last year, literally improved all the adjacencies, specifically for the Pro customer, and we think those things are paying dividends. So that business is performing really well and is performing really well vis-a-vis the DIY and the same trends we're seeing post-July 4 for DIY. Pro is also taking those same positive trends and performing well. 
William Boltz: And Brandon, the only thing I would add is that the quality level of the inventory is good, although there are still categories across the store that we want to see improvements in. And so we're continuing to work with our vendor partners to do that, working with our supply chain teams in order to expedite that product to the store into the shelf and the teams are working on those. And -- but the quality level of inventory this year versus last year is dramatically better than it's been. 
William Boltz: Eric, thanks for the question. Just a couple of things and just a couple of reminders. We've been on this journey for our merchandising strategy, pricing strategy over really the last 3-plus years. And that has the playbook that we're working to follow and really trying to unwind from what was a high-low pricing strategy to an everyday competitive price strategy. And so the work that we've done between the merchants, the finance team to prop up, the resources to manage and monitor price on a daily, weekly basis is really allowing us to do that. And we feel really good about being very competitive, good line of sight on those key SKUs that matter.  And then from a promotion perspective, it's all about being there when the customer expects us to be there. So obviously, we've got Labor Day event coming up here in the next couple of weeks. You go into the holiday season, Black Friday. And so we'll continue to supplement those events with key offers and be there with value for the customer and then work really hard to provide that value day in and day out in the store with the changes that we've made through our end cap strategies, flex strategies, et cetera. 
William Boltz: Yes, I think there's a couple of things. There's -- first, there's a time and an opportunity to put stuff on value. And so if you think about first half of the year and you think about mulch and live goods promotions and those types of things that get the customer in the door and drive traffic, they play a certain role for us in the role of the category of certain merchandising businesses. And then you have new and innovation, as I said in my prepared remarks, where the customer is finding value in that.  And a good example is that EGO lawnmower that I talked about in my opening remarks, it's a $700 unit, and it was by far one of our best-selling products, best unit driving products in the assortment. So it's not low priced. It's not on promotion, and it was just out there and the consumer has adopted that battery platform, and they love the product. So it's really a combination of both, and that's the blend that we're trying to manage. And in the appliance business, as you know, hundreds of thousands of appliances break every day. So you've got to be out there with an offer in the appliance business day in and day out. So that's how we're playing it. 
