Joseph McFarland: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. I would like to begin by thanking our frontline associates for their continued commitment to serving our customers, especially in this busy spring season. We are laser-focused on delivering a consistent and high-quality customer experience. At the same time, we have labor aligned to demand patterns so that we effectively managed our payroll this quarter even in a lower sales environment. The investments that we've made over the past several years and our enhanced labor management tools are clearly paying dividends as we flex labor across stores and departments so effectively that we continue to achieve strong customer satisfaction scores.   Also, the technology enhancements that we've made over the past several years enable our associates to spend 60% of their time serving customers and only 40% on manual tasking activities. As a reminder, as recently as 2018, 60% of all associated time was allocated on tasks that did not support the customer. We flipped this ratio by enabling more and more capabilities on our associates handheld mobile devices, which eliminated many time-consuming tasks. This is in addition to new technology that has enhanced our point-of-sale checkout, modernized project management, improved inventory visibility and digitized in-store pricing for appliances and lumber. This improved associate productivity has not only driven profitability, but it has also enhanced our customer service.   And we continue to unlock further productivity through our Perpetual Productivity Improvement or PPI initiatives. As a reminder, our PPI initiatives are not onetime efforts but rather a series of initiatives that are scaling across our stores over time, all of which contribute to operational efficiency as well as a culture of continuous improvement. As Marvin mentioned earlier, the success of our PPI initiatives contributed to our strong operating margin performance in Q1.   Now I would like to take a few minutes to discuss our strong Pro results in the first quarter when we launched our MVPs Pro Rewards and Partnership Program, which is centered around creating a business partnership with our Pro. We are really pleased to see the better-than-expected adoption rates for the new program and we expect to build on this momentum with the Pros as we launch enhanced features to the loyalty program in the coming months.   Through this program, we are also gaining valuable insight about our Pro customers that will enable us to better anticipate and meet their project needs through our Pro CRM platform and allow us to continue to expand our share of wallet with these valuable customers. And we're expanding our Pro fulfillment capabilities with our new Pro fulfillment center in Charlotte, where we are stocking the top SKUs that Pros consistently need in job lot quantities. As we pilot this new approach to Pro fulfillment, we are building on our existing job site delivery capabilities handled through our stores and Lowe's Pro supply branches today. Although we are pleased with our 600 basis points of growth in Pro penetration over the past 3 years, improving our fulfillment capabilities will allow us to accelerate this growth and continue to gain market share.   In addition to the success of our new Pro initiatives, I am pleased with our strides to become the employer of choice in retail. As a company, we are committed to investing in continuous learning and development throughout our associates careers through Lowe's University as well as a new debt-free education program that we just announced. Through this initiative, more than 300,000 associates are eligible to participate in over 50 academic programs free of charge. These programs are designed to help associates excel in their jobs today and built toward their future careers within Lowe's, including pathways into supply chain, logistics, data analytics, cybersecurity, technology and more.   Finally, I'm pleased to report that we are in a better position from a hiring and staffing standpoint than we were at this time last year. We accelerated our associate hiring process through new technology that dramatically reduce the time it takes process applications. These new tools ensure that we capture the best candidates in the pipeline and helped us staff up quickly for spring. Looking forward, we are making the right investments to continue to drive productivity while also enhancing our customer service, and we are well positioned to serve our customers to meet the surge in demand for spring products.   As I close, I would like to once again thank our store associates for their relentless focus on serving customers and driving productivities in our stores.  With that, I will now turn it over to Brandon. 
Joseph McFarland: Brian, I'll just add one additional comment there. If you look at our Pro growth that Marvin mentioned earlier at 20%, and then you look at the strength and the health of that Pro -- strong Pro market trends we're seeing, our revamped Lowe's Pro offering, the expanded Pro product that Bill mentioned earlier in his prepared remarks, the deeper inventory and then the launch of our new MVP program. And so I think we've got good confidence in the underlying trends there. 
Joseph McFarland: Yes. Thanks, Marvin. Listen, from a payroll standpoint, I think it's important to think about the PPI initiatives as not just onetime initiatives, but ongoing initiatives. And so as we look at our ability to leverage SG&A through different initiatives, centralized RTVs and get down a whole list of the PPI initiatives. So this is not a onetime, but it's going to continue. And I think we've done it very effectively because both Pro and the do-it-yourself customer are showing increased LTR and service scores. So I think that just kind of points to some good productivity. 
Brandon Sink: Greg, this is Brandon. Just as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we came out of April, U.S. comps down 7% for the month. And I'll say early on, we feel really good about our trends in May, especially within our seasonal categories comping positive and above the company average as spring is breaking across the country. We have some of our biggest volume weeks ahead with Memorial Day, Father's Day, J4. We're pleased with the sequential sales improvement, confident in the full Q2 recovery of the $350 million. And then when we look at the balance of the year, I think with the weather trends, Q2, $350 million. We're going to continue to see the Pro strength 20% comp in Q1, [ 64% ] 2 year. Inflation is going to continue to be a bit of a tailwind for us as well. But all that being said, our range is down 1 to plus 1. We're confident in that go-forward for the full year. And that yields Q2 to Q4. That's a slight positive comp over the balance of the year for the 1 year. 
Brandon Sink: Yes, Greg, Spot on. Inventory balance was up 10%, and we have in the prepared remarks price and commodity inflation, along with carrying additional seasonal inventory in Q2 -- heading into Q2 is pressuring both dollars and terms. I will remind the group every year, we do manage our seasonal inventory to the first half and we have a strong holiday lineup upcoming and a couple of other things. We continue to strategically invest in inventory to support the Pro, job locked quantities and we've had a couple of constrained categories where we've made in-stock improvements, in particular, in paint and appliances. But we're in our best in-stock position since the beginning of the pandemic, and I'll kick it over to Bill, if there's anything more he wants to add there. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. So Simeon, this is Brandon. A lot of this is timing-related and specifically around gross margin. So as I said in my prepared results remarks for Q1, 74 basis points of improvement driven by product margin rate mix. We also benefited from proprietary credit. But keep in mind, the benefits on the product margin side are temporary in nature, especially -- can be temporary in nature, especially in periods of inflation. Cost layers are going to lag and that's true for both commodity and product-related inflation.  So as we cycle into Q2, we do expect some level of step back, specifically due to lumber deflation that began. We began seeing that late March. And then we have some other variables, such as shrink in credit. We expect that to largely be neutral over the back half. And then the supply chain, inclusive of market delivery build-out, higher transportation costs are going to be a slight drag, which is consistent with what we've guided and what we've messaged. So it's mainly margin, it's mainly timing as the cost layers turn a bit of a step back. But for overall margin, modest improvement in margins for first half and up slightly for the full year. So that's the reason we didn't flow the beat to the full year. 
Brandon Sink: Yes, Simeon, I would just add to your question on fuel costs, transportation, also add import container cost into that mix. The teams have done a great job just giving us visibility to where those costs are, when they're going to hit. And it is correct to say as we manage the totality of the portfolio that, that's a consideration set along with direct costs from the vendor. So we are managing that appropriately, managing in this retail environment. So that would be the only additional thing I would add to the comment.  On transportation, in particular, on fuel, it is a more minor cost of the overall portfolio. When we look at the totality of supply chain, and we feel like we're doing some other things like managing trailers, intermodal and leaning into some of those other things to also help offset that. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. Karen, let me start with the first question, and I'll pass it back to Marvin to get the second point. So on the ticket transaction side, I'll point to Q1 ticket, specifically inflation, a little bit harder to pinpoint. But we do believe from an inflation standpoint, we ran high single digits during Q1, and that's inclusive of 150 basis points from lumber and commodity. And I'll say the finance and merchant teams are still in the thick of this. We're working with our suppliers day in, day out to figure this out.  I will say, however, as we lap second half of '21, we do expect the inflation impact to start to moderate. We're expecting mid to high single-digits positive over the balance of the year. And then on the transaction side, as we mentioned in the opening comments, DIY was a primary driver of the decrease there for Q1. It was down double digits, partly planned due to the Texas storms and the stimulus, the weather miss from spring delayed accelerated that. We do believe Q1 will be our low watermark on transactions for 2022 and that, that transaction decrease should moderate as we cycle through the balance of the year.  So net-net, mid to high single-digit positive ticket expected over the balance of the year, offset by down transactions is the formula that will get us to the flat comp, and we expect that dynamic to narrow ticket and transactions as we move through the balance of the year. 
Brandon Sink: Yes, Chris, this is Brandon. I don't know that we said that DIY is going to be running ahead of Pro in Q2. I would say the majority of the $350 million that we expect to recover is going to be reflected in the DIY business. But the Pro DIY dynamic, certainly unique in Q1, just given the environment we've been in and what we've been cycling, but that breakout in that dynamic, Q2 to Q4 should start to normalize a bit. But Pro is absolutely going to be expected to outpace DIY, grow 2x that of market, which will translate to our guide of down 1% to up 1%. And I'll just remind you, the seasonal performance in the seasonal business through the first couple of weeks outperforming expectations in the balance of the business. So that's how I would answer your question. 
Brandon Sink: Yes. And the only other thing I would add, Zach, so SG&A leveraged 21 basis points. That's consistent with the earnings algorithm we have for the full year in the range of what we would expect. I think the good news there being able to leverage against our quarter with the highest expected negative comp is going to be a great proof point for us and as we move through the year. And then in this inflationary environment, I think, to Joe's point, really being able to use those workforce optimization tools, understand truly within the business, both in the supply chain and in stores, what are volumes, what are units, what are transactions and being able to flex the model against that demand and understand the split between the drivers of the business has been really powerful for us. So I'll just add to that. 
William Boltz: No, I think, Brandon, I think you hit it. I think the key for us is making sure that we're focused on sell-through the seasonal buys that we've made. We shared with you during the fourth quarter call that we brought in some of the seasonal inventory ahead of the season. And so we're focused on working through that through the first half of the year. 
William Boltz: No, I think the only thing to add, Marvin, is that we're also seeing strength out of new and innovative product. And so you look at the strength of like the EGO brand and the battery-powered outdoor product just continuing to perform very well. The strength of John Deere, the strength of Aaron's in the riding mower segments doing very well. And as you touched on, as we saw green shoots of weather throughout the first quarter, we saw the strength in project -- outside project businesses like live nursery, like exterior Pro projects. So it just gives us good confidence that we can carry that through Q2. 
William Boltz: Yes, Liz, it's Bill. And so what we're seeing with product innovation, we really see it across the store, across every category. But in areas like appliances, you see customers trading up to smart appliances to better quality appliances. As I mentioned in an earlier question in response, battery outdoor power equipment with the EGO brand specifically. You're also seeing it in the likes of gas-powered outdoor power with John Deere and Aaron's, all innovative products there. You're seeing it in paint. So just really across the categories, you see innovation.  And we're also able to offer that in our private brands with the introductions of STAINMASTER. So you're seeing that now start to weave its way in. I talked about -- it's already been in carpet and now you're seeing in tile, vinyl, laminate flooring. So you got Origin 21, which is a new modern brand for us, again, offers great innovation and great value. 
Marvin Ellison: Greg, this is Marvin. The answer is no. As you can imagine, we spent quite a bit of time looking at this literally on a daily, weekly basis with the DIY and Pro customer across geographies, online, and we've seen no material trade down in our business. 
Marvin Ellison: Brian, this -- it's a really good question. This is Marvin. So I'll take the first part, and I'll let Bill just give more of a product-specific assessment. So when you take a look at the quarter, the month of February was really strong, 8.5% of positive comp in the U.S. In the month of March, we were running to a stimulus overlap and so we were anticipating that negative comping March was, and we had really difficult weather on top of stimulus. And then April, as we mentioned, was the coldest in over 20 years. And when we start to look at the categories and their anticipated performance, it was obvious to us that this was a weather-driven event.  The good news is, well, I mean, we operate in all states. So we could easily look at the southern parts of the country where we were in something relatively close to seasonal weather and all of these categories were performing exceptionally well, live goods, outdoor power, grilled patio, et cetera. And then the moment we get a glimpse of weather in some of these northern markets, those categories would take off and perform well in the moment, the weather would shift. I mean, obviously, you'd see the decline.  So the way we analyze this literally on a daily, weekly basis is very obvious to us that the Q1 impact was driven by weather. And as Brandon and I both mentioned in our prepared comments, as we look at the month of May, I mean we're pleased with the trends we're seeing. And that also reflects that the moment we are getting to what is more of a seasonal weather environment, those same categories that underperformed in April, are now overperforming the company in the month of May. So I'll let Bill add any other details. 
Marvin Ellison: So Simeon, this is Marvin. I think it's important for me to note that we're really pleased with the profit performance in the first half. For a retailer our size is really difficult to have declining sales on a year-over-year basis and have leverage from an operating margin and gross margin perspective. That took a lot of work and a lot of operational discipline from the supply chain, cost management, payroll and expense management, et cetera. And to Brandon's point, we're in this unprecedented environment of lumber inflation and deflation. And so we're just planning conservatively because as we say, the last couple of weeks, we start to see lumber starting to shift, and we're just anticipating that, that's going to give us some headwind in Q2. 
Marvin Ellison: So let me take -- this is Marvin. I'll take the first part of that. We've spent a lot of time putting in improved systems from a pricing standpoint. So we are scraping and we're doing pricing analysis real time, both in-store and online by geography. One thing that Bill put in place early on when he arrived is that every day competitive pricing strategy where we've gotten off this high-low promotional cadence that Lowe's was known for to more of an everyday competitive price. And the only way you can be competitive every day is you have to have a good line of sight to the competitive prices of your competition by category, by geographic location.  And so we've done a lot of that. And in some cases, with inflation -- product inflation, we have to carry that forward to the consumer. But in a lot of cases, we're just focused on being competitively priced. And I'll let Brandon provide some financial specifics of what that looks like. 
Marvin Ellison: Karen, I'll take the other question. When you think about our operating margin and you think about kind of the more structural differences between us and our largest competitor, I think it really comes down to the penetration of DIY versus Pro. I think that's an obvious reflection in the first quarter. The good news for us is, we're not setting a Pro penetration target. We just have an expectation we're going to continue to improve that business. And if you think about my prepared comments, in the last 3 years, we've been increasing our Pro penetration by roughly 600 basis points. So we feel like that we're headed in the right direction.  But as you think about overall operating income, we're very pleased with our performance in the quarter, and we have a very good line of sight to getting us to that 13% and beyond just based on executing our Total Home strategy, focusing on Pro, online and all the work that Bill's team is doing on private brands and how we're continuing to grow that business. In the private brands specific initiative, it drives margin improvement. It gives the customer great innovation and style and we can do it all at a really competitive price and it's a key point of differentiation in addition to all the investments we're making in infrastructure, whether that's supply chain or operations and infrastructure. Again, we feel like we have a clear line of sight, and we're going to continue to execute to that, and we have an expectation that we're going to be on track with delivering on that expectation. 
Marvin Ellison: It's really more of an acknowledgment of what we're all seeing in just a broader macro economy. And I think what's interesting for home improvement is that, we're aware that we have inflation concerns. We're aware that there is rising interest rates. But as we look at the home improvement sector, we still remain very confident in the outlook and we're very confident in the sector. And so I'll just repeat what I've said. We've seen no material trade down from our customers. We closely monitor Pro and DIY. We look at it intently as you can imagine.  And when we think about the key economic drivers of our business, it remains home price appreciation. It remains the age of housing stock, it remains those things that give the homeowner confidence and continuing to invest in the home. And as we talk to our Pro customers, they're booked up for the year. We talked to our DIY customers, they would just wait for the sun to come out. And so we feel good about the home improvement sector. And my statement was just more of an acknowledgment of the broader macro environment that we're all seeing. 
Marvin Ellison: Liz, it would be anecdotal at best. So we don't have any firm data to represent that. But our view of it and our conversations with Pros and consumers, you tell us that your statement is correct. But again, we don't have any fact-based data to support that. 
Marvin Ellison: And Liz, this is Marvin again. I just want to reinforce the point on the value of home price appreciation to consumer confidence. And it's one of the reasons why I think home improvement is a unique retail sector in kind of this macro environment where there are a lot of questions about the health of the consumer. What our data tells us and it correlates historically is when your home value is going up, you simply have more confidence to invest in that home because you see it as an investment and not an expense.  And we have unprecedented home price appreciation, but we also have an unprecedented supply-demand issue for the availability of homes. So our data tells us, this is less of bubble and it's more of a supply-demand issue where you have 1.5 million, 2 million homes of demand versus the availability. And so if you think about what Bill said about trading up, our customers, they feel more comfortable investing in home because they think they're going to get a return on that investment. And I think that's the value of home price appreciation to our business. 
Marvin Ellison: So Zach, this is Marvin. I'll take the first part of that, and then I'm going to let Brandon and Joe provide some context. So relative to payroll, we have an activity-based payroll model that allows us to flex hours up and down based on sales velocity by location of store, but also by department. That is a significant contrast to what we had in place when I arrived in summer of 2018 that we literally were riding complete the schedule from Mooresville, North Carolina and sending that out to every store on a weekly basis, irrespective of volume trends. So I'll let Joe talk about payroll, so you can get a view of why we were able to leverage as effectively as we did in Q1 and how we think that's a sustainable result that we'll see for the balance of the year. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, Zach, we talked about our expectation to grow 2x the market in Pro. We think that, that is achievable based on the list of Pro-related products that Bill and his merchant teams have added to our assortment based on our new MVP Loyalty Program that's exceeding expectations on the number of enrollments. And one other really interesting data point, if we look at the Pro customers currently enrolled in our new MVP Loyalty Program and our credit program, they're spending 300% more than Pro customers not enrolled. So it gives us a lot of confidence that our Pro growth is sustainable.  And not to mention with some other initiatives that we are filing to include job site fulfillment that we think will give us an opportunity to start in the future to serve a larger Pro. So based on all of those initiatives, we feel like that our Pro growth will continue. Look, it's challenging, none of us have a crystal ball, obviously, and there are a lot of dynamics in our Pro DIY mix. Having said that, we factored all those things into our guidance, and we think that the guidance, as Brandon reinforced is reflected on our view of how we think the DIY Pro mix will play out for the rest of the year. 
