Marvin Ellison: Okay. Michael, I think for us, and I stated this in the prepared comments, we're really focused on creating a sustainable foundation in the third quarter. And we made a conscious effort not to chase short-term fixes or short-term results. In any quarter, retailers could make decisions on promotional cadence and special buys and those types kind of tactical things. We stayed away from all of those types of decisions because I wanted to give the team the appropriate time to really get to the root cause. And that's why I think it's appropriate to know that both Bill Boltz and Joe McFarland are celebrating their 99th day with the company today. So although we made great strides in our kind of reassessment of the business, we have a lot of really new executives. Having said that, we have an expectation that we're going to see the business improve going into 2019, but we're also expecting some short-term improvements in the business just based on all of the actions that the team has taken and some of the initiatives put in place in the third quarter. I mean, some very fundamental things that we're looking at that we think will deliver some short-term results will be just the simple improvement in customer service. And Joe talked about how removing tasks and designating service versus task time, those things are important. Bill talked about bringing some level of productivity to our end caps. Our end caps in the past have been used for billboards, not real sales productivity. So we think just that simple transition will add some value. The improvements we made in the supply chain and how we now have better coordination between supply chain and stores will improve our in-stocks and we'll see incremental improvement. So to answer your question specifically, we were not chasing short-term results in the quarter. And if there's an expectation that some of these chronic, long-standing issues can be fixed in a couple months, that's really unrealistic. And rather than trying to chase quick fixes, we want to fix it at the root and we think we're doing that. And that's why we believe that going into '19, you'll see this company start to have sustainable improvement month-over-month, quarter-over-quarter. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, I think for us, the great thing about our business is that we're in a $900 billion fragmented home improvement marketplace. And if you combine us and our chief competitor, that's less than $200 billion in revenue. And so there is a lot of market share up for grabs. We have been very transparent on the issues that we are dealing with as a company. Most companies are not going to be as transparent. The reason why that's important is because when we fix these very long-standing, chronic issues, poor reset execution, out-of-stocks, assortments not being localized, poor customer service, no real focus on the Pro customer, irrespective of what could happen with our competitor or competitors, plural, we have market share opportunity just because we've been underperforming as an individual company in a massive marketplace where we have about 10% share. And so we're not as concerned with kind of what's happening in other places, not even in the macro because we feel really good about the macro environment for home improvement. This is really more about us understanding the steps we need to take to improve execution. And the team will lay out some very specific short- and long-term initiatives at our December 12 Analyst and Investor Conference. 
Marvin Ellison: Yes. Chris, the one reason why a retailer never desires to have a massive inventory liquidation process is because it really wreaks havoc on your numbers. But as Dave stated in his prepared comments, I mean, we believe that we saw some comp benefit early in the quarter from the inventory liquidation because it was being sold at a higher average ticket. As we've gotten to the month of October when we started to see the liquidation at its kind of most aggressive cadence, we believe that not only did it hurt average ticket, we think it cannibalized sale. So I remember as an anecdote being in the store and seeing a heater being clearanced in the month of October and I thought that was very odd. So after we followed up, I realized that, that was a heater from 2 seasons ago that had been trapped in the overhead because it had never been properly clearanced out. So if you think about that for a second, October is a time where we're really selling heating at a very high rate. But if you can trade down and get a unit that's roughly 60% to 70% off, it's going to cannibalize regular ticket items. And so we think it may have benefited us at the beginning of the quarter from a comp standpoint. But as the quarter progressed, specifically in October, we think it was a negative impact. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, Chris, our conversion issues were less about the liquidation of inventory and more about just being out-of-stock. This is a very simple retail analysis. When customers walk into a brick-and-mortar location, they have an intention to either buy or to get some level of consultation on an item they're considering buying. And we're in the project business, so that happens quite often. But when we talk to our customers and ask the question what drove a decision not to buy when you physically showed up at a store, it is overwhelmingly that you were not in-stock. And so our conversion issues had nothing to do with the inventory liquidation. It had everything to do with the fact that we had 4 very problematic resets underway and we still have a significant number of out-of-stocks on our shelves. You can just simply walk our stores and see it with the naked eye. So as Joe McFarland mentioned, we put some operational processes in place that's going to help us to improve this, but out-of-stocks is also something you can't flip a switch on unless you're going to make some aggressive short-term decisions like air freighting in product or making some bad short-term decision. We chose not to do that, and we're actually fixing the reset process with an internal team that's going to own resets. We're having better coordination between supply chain and store operations, and we have a consistent in-stock process in the stores. And so conversion, for us, was driven almost exclusively by out-of-stocks. And so we're going to continue to just execute and improve in-stock, and we think our conversion will improve accordingly. 
Marvin Ellison: Simeon, I've learned that guessing is probably not a good thing to do on an earnings call. But technically, it is a little too difficult to gauge. We spent most of the time, quite candidly, trying to get to the root cause of why these issues exist. Bill Boltz and his team spent a lot of time understanding supply issues, supply coordination issues, third-party reset issues, just in-store planning. And so we feel really good about the fact that we've identified root causes. So we really focus our time and attention on now trying to put those plans in place to solve those issues. We'll have a much more detailed and specific overview of this on our December 12 Analyst and Investor Meeting because we felt it was important to make sure that we communicate externally how we're solving this because we spent time in the last 2 calls talking about it being a chronic issue. And now we want to spend time about the steps we're taking to correct it. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, Simeon, I think, for me, the best way to answer your question is that we had 4 negative comping categories for the quarter. All 4 had reset interruption issues. And so that's probably the most effective way to answer the question. Where we did not have reset issues, we had positive comps. Where we had reset issues, we had negative comps. And so I think to me, that's the best explanation of the impact of poor reset execution on the business. I think anything beyond that will just be data that may not be useful. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, I'll do 2 things. So first, we're always going to talk about the brands that we have and the brands that we're very proud to have, and I'll let Bill talk about some of those Pro brands. And I will just say for the record, the brands that we don't have that we desire to have, we're actively working to try to get them in our assortment. But we will just take the practice of only talking about the brands we have because those are the companies we want to highlight. And Bill, just talk a little bit some of the Pro brands that we feel really good about that performed well in the third quarter. 
Marvin Ellison: So Steve, I'll hand it over to Bill and let him go first and ask him to keep it high level because, as you can imagine, we're still working on some of the really specific details of these. Although these initiatives were launched in the end of the third quarter, there are still some specific details we're working on. And I'll ask Joe to kind of appropriately stay a little high level on operations as well. So Bill can talk about those priorities for merchandising. 
Marvin Ellison: Okay. Zack, what I've been most pleased with is really the people side of the business. As I said in my prepared comments, I mean, we don't make it easy on our associates. I mean, we spend a lot of capital as a company over the last 7 years, but we haven't necessarily spent a lot of capital on making the stores more efficient, making our supply chains modern and just creating an easier work environment for our associates. And so our associates have been resilient. And I've visited all of our geographic markets, including Canada and our MSH operation for Pro. And in every case, I just walk away just being encouraged by our associates. I've mentioned the engagement with the community, and we were serving 50,000 meals to date for Thanksgiving for communities affected by the hurricane. This is a kind of a thing that I had no real impact on. It was just happening when I got here. And so that's part of the associates loving the business and the culture. And I would say the decisions we've made rather quickly were around leadership structure and organization. I felt that we needed to bring in some core retail experts. What I've learned in my successes and failures in retail is that when you're solving problems, it is best to go out and find leaders who've kind of been there and done it before. And so that's why when I look around the table at Don Frieson in supply chain and Bill Boltz in merchandising and Joe McFarland in stores and Dave Denton as our CFO and Seemantini as our new Chief Information Officer, et cetera, et cetera, we've gone out and recruited world-class leaders who've kind of been there, done it before, and that's required. And so mostly I was disappointed in what I found, but I felt like the need to bring in experienced leaders so that we could solve these problems quickly. And also, I just want to make sure that we have a more disciplined capital allocation process. As I mentioned earlier, a lot of these strategic reassessment and closing underperforming stores, exiting noncore businesses, getting out of environments where we can't really be competitive because we can't get to scale like Mexico, is all a part of making sure we reallocate capital and invest in creating a great home improvement retail environment. And so that's kind of where we are and we'll continue to make the necessary changes. But we feel great about the future of this company. I mean, we can identify obvious shortcomings in what we're doing on a daily, weekly basis. We can look at where we're underperforming from a sales perspective and we could point exactly to what's causing it. And to me, that's very encouraging because we know how to fix it. And so we're going to continue to push forward. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, I think a couple of ways. Measuring traffic online is just pure data driven, so that's something we have 100% visibility to like any other e-commerce or brick-and-mortar companies with an e-commerce platform. So that's pretty straightforward. When we look at traffic in the stores, I mean, we have monitoring devices to measure traffic. Our environment is more difficult to measure conversion because we're a project business. And so we're going to shift our discussion from conversion to transactions. I think that is a better way to understand a year-over-year comparison of our business. So having said that, we still feel very good about traffic, both online and in-store base, and how we measure it. But we understand that we have challenges in driving transactions and/or conversion based on the traffic. When we look online, we know we have some issues with functionality that we're addressing. We also note we have issue with search and navigation and ease of checkout. If you look at our mobile app, you can see an app that desires to be much more robust and we're in the process of delivering on that. As we look in the store, I go back to my previous comments, we don't want to make this overly complicated. When a retailer is not delivering on the traffic that's walking in your store, there really are a couple of basic reasons why. Either you are priced incorrectly from what you advertised or you're out of stock. And we feel good about the consistency of our pricing. And all of our data tells us that we're out of stock. And that's why we put such a huge emphasis on addressing this issue. And so we understand the root cause. We understand how we got here, and now we're working to create a sustainable solution to fix it. 
Marvin Ellison: No, Scot, it's a fair question. So I'll speak specifically on the Pro customer. The Pro customer is a very important customer, but they are very, very simple customers. And this customer is looking for a couple of fundamental things. First, they're looking for a great price. They're looking for service that saves them time because time is money, and they're looking for the brands that they identify with. That's really it. They're pretty much agnostic on anything else. And so Lowe's has proven that you can have a dominant market share in Pro and lose it because at one point, Lowe's had dominant market share in Pro and they didn't maintain it because primarily of those 3 things I outlined were no longer competitive advantages. And so for us, we're going to make sure that we are competitively priced. That's something that Bill and his team are taking a lead on. We're going to make sure that we have great service because, again, time is money and servicing a Pro is not giving them product knowledge. It's about having job-lot quantities. It's about giving them the ability to buy and stage product. It's the ability to load, it's the ability to speak their language and to engage them at the Pro desk or engage them online. And now the third level is to go out and get the brands. And as Bill and I both mentioned, we're actively engaged in trying to fill our assortment with brands that we currently don't have. When you do those things, the Pro is totally agnostic to the channel in which they shop because it's all about those 3 things for them. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, I think the key is we spend very little time looking across the street. We are a customer-centric company. And what we believe is if we take care of the customer, everything else will take care of itself. And I'll just remind you that we operate in a $900 billion marketplace and so we don't care a whole lot about what's happening across the street because between Lowe's and our largest competitors, less than $200 billion in market share, which means there's more than $700 billion up for grabs in this really fragmented environment. And so for us, it's less about what's happening with a competitor, it's more about how we serve customers and how we go out and we take share in this fragmented marketplace that we're in.  Okay, thank you very much. And look, we appreciate your time and attention on the call, and we look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call, which will be Wednesday, February 27. Thanks, and have a very blessed Thanksgiving. 
David Denton: Chris, it's Dave. I think the good news is, while no company likes to liquidate inventory, we had about $500 million to liquidate. That's now largely behind us. So we're now positioned going into the back half of the quarter and into '19 kind of clean from that perspective. So I think we're well positioned to put the right inventory in the right locations to begin to improve performance. 
David Denton: I think it would be if you look at Q3, if you back up the charges that I indicated from the -- from my prepared remarks, it should be fairly consistent going forward. It will depend a little bit about what we do with Mexico and the ultimate disposition of that business. 
David Denton: Yes. We've been watching that closely. Like all industry participants in the sector, transportation cost is a worry. I'd say that as we looked at our forecast for the balance of the year, we've included that in our guidance. I would say it's not a significant headwind at this point in time, but it's something we're watching closely as we cycle through the balance of this year and into next year. 
David Denton: Well, obviously, we're making these investments and these decisions to position the company for long-term financial success. There's no doubt about that. And I think the team is really focused against that very intensely. I do think that the savings that are going to be generated from these activities are partly going to be invested a little bit as we think about repositioning the company and some of the efforts you heard from both Joe and Bill today. But importantly, as we think about that future and the future growth and the returns on the business that we have today, this will largely fall to the bottom line and really enhance those returns over the next future periods. 
David Denton: Well, a little bit. Let me just step back a minute. We had roughly $500 million of inventory to clear. We roughly cleared that at a 40% discount. So I think that's largely behind us. As we cycle into Q4, we're essentially clean from the inventory rationalization perspective. So don't think about a hangover into Q4. Think about that being complete in Q3. 
