Marvin Ellison: Okay. Thanks, Chris. Pro is a huge opportunity for us. Today, we estimate roughly 30% of our overall sales penetration is from the Pro segment. If you think about the Pro for a second, they are a very important customer, but they have some very simplistic expectations on what it takes to get their business and it really starts first with service. I mean, we've heard oftentimes that Pros deem time as money, so they want to get in and out quickly. And so we'll invest more emphasis on simple things like loading, staffing the desks and making sure that we improve our delivery processes. Secondly, they just want to have the product there. And so I discussed in my prepared comments how we're not only rationalizing inventory, we're also investing in job lot quantities. That is primarily for our Pro customers. Pros need to be able to walk in to see a depth of inventory that they can complete their jobs, and we are very inconsistent in that today. The next thing that we have to do, and this is, Bill Boltz, our new EVP of Merchandising, is already working on this, is we need the brands. Pros resonate to certain brands. And so we're working to look at our assortment in our Pro building materials area and asking the question, what brand gaps do we have in the assortment that we need to attack? And that is already underway to try to make sure that we are responding to the feedback we receive on certain and specific brands that we need to add to the assortment. And the last thing that we feel really good about is credit and our relationship with Synchrony and how we've worked with them to create more of an emphasis around our Pro customer. So these are really the short-term priorities that we're going after. As you noted, it's a huge opportunity for us. We can impact this side of the business without distracting or disenfranchising our DIY customers on the garden, on the decor side and it's something that we're going to spend a lot of time on. And Joe McFarland, who is our new Executive Vice President of Stores, has a deep understanding of this segment, and we're excited about the short- and long-term potential. 
Marvin Ellison: I think from a non-retail investment, I mean, if you look across some of the decisions we made from a capital perspective over the course of the last 3 to 5 years, we dabbled in quite a few investments in non-retail type of formats and non-retail type of synergies and systems and services. And so without getting very specific, because it's still really early, we're just assessing everything. We're looking at our entire real estate portfolio and looking at every capital investment where we are spending the shareholders' money and asking the question, are we getting an appropriate return? And equally as important, is it consistent with our strategic long-term view of where we think Lowe's should be as a world-class omnichannel retailer? So I'm expecting that when we gather for our December Investor Conference, we're going to have much more specificity on kind of where we see the future going, where we will invest and investments we're going to kind of pare back. And I want to just wait until that time frame before I'm -- be more specific on kind of what opportunities or possibilities we're going to be shifting from. Relative to operating income, it really comes down to a couple of fundamental things. I mean, we need to generate more sales per square foot productivity in our stores. If you look at where we are in the past, we've been focused on our end caps. As an example, our end caps have been more leaning toward innovation than driving sales productivity. It's really not the merchants' fault. The merchants have simply been following the company's strategic plan. But what we're going to do is shift away from innovation -- if innovation is driving revenue. So we have to drive more improved sales per square foot productivity. While we're doing that, we have to be more disciplined on our SG&A. We have to be more disciplined on our investments of expense and capital. So I've mentioned in my prepared remarks that we're going to no longer throw payroll at problems. In the past, when we've had what we deemed conversion issues in the stores, we indiscriminately just added payroll to try to solve it without really identifying the root cause, and that is not how you run a business this size. So instead, we're going to be more prudent on getting to root cause, redefining process and not just thinking every solution is a solution we just kind of throw more headcount at it, because that's not sustainable. So improving productivity on our sales per square foot, being more diligent and disciplined around SG&A, making sure that we have more rigor in our capital allocation process, is going to improve our EBIT performance, operating profit and have more sustainable EPS growth. 
Marvin Ellison: I would say there's more to come on that. We are spending a lot of time looking at our strategic process around where we invest and where we cut and how we can drive productivity in our stores. I mean, as a recollection, one of the things that I am significantly focused on is how we can drive improved productivity in our stores while continuing to leverage operating profit, and we can do both. We can improve service. We can improve productivity, and we can also create a more profitable environment. And that is a correlation of understanding more process discipline in addition to making the right investments. As one specific example, we have very few, if any, engineered standards in our stores. And what I mean by that is that typically for a retailer our size, there's very engineered processes on things like how you unload a truck and how you flow product from receiving to the sales floor to drive in-stock. We have no standards for that. It's a very random process, where our stores are kind of fending for themselves trying to make it happen. That is how you destroy productivity. And so if you simply go in and build engineered processes consistent across all types of stores and volumes, you can drive increased productivity without having any kind of a staff reduction action. It's just more about process efficiency. So we're going back right now to create engineered standards for everything we do, from unloading the truck to stocking the shelf to every other process, and we know that that's going to reap significant benefits. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, Simeon, I can remember back in early 2000s, where it felt like that every quarter, we were getting beat pretty significantly by Lowe's with those same structural disadvantages that we currently have. So I think for us, it is less about looking at the competition and it's more about looking within and asking the questions, where can we be better? Now obviously, relative to our largest competitor, we have a disadvantage in real estate locations from a metro area, specifically the Northeast and the West Coast. However, we believe that if we can find just a better balance between serving our do-it-yourself customer and our Pro, that we can start to chip away at any competitive gaps that we have. Mike McDermott and I both mentioned in our prepared remarks about the challenges we face with our reset execution. That is an example of where I call it a self-inflicted strategic wound that we've done to ourselves, because, structurally, how we execute resets puts our team at a tremendous disadvantage. From a merchandise planning standpoint, that is kind of living in the merchandising side and actually, reset execution is in store operations. So you have 2 teams working on the same process, and that just creates inconsistency and communication problems. So there's process improvements that we'll make to fix areas like resets. In addition to that, we talk about our dot-com performance and how we delivered,  drove an 18% comp. Within that number is a significant systems issue, where we tried to create better inventory visibility. And by doing that, we drove a significant number of order cancellations that had a dramatic impact on overall sales number of our dot-com business. That's another self-inflicted issue that created a lack of performance for us during the quarter. And I also mentioned the significant number of out-of-stocks that we're dealing with in our stores that we have to fix. And so as we look within and we ask the question where can we be better as a company to drive improved productivity, improved sales performance, improved operational leverage, we think that there are a lot of things that we can correct ourselves because there are certain structural disadvantages that we cannot overcome. But what we can overcome is poor execution, and that is where our focus will be. And we think as we improve within these areas, we're going to see that gap start to close, because we're going to be focused more within our own company versus looking across the street at our competitor. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, I don't think it's necessarily overspending as it was the strategic choices we made on what we spent money on. As we announced today, we're going to be moving away from our Orchard investment. And in retrospect, you can argue that, that may not have been the most prudent use of capital. And so I think it's less about total spending and more about the strategic rationale regarding the spend. And so what we're doing as a team now is we're taking a really hard look at capital spending and asking the question, where should we invest? And obviously, we're going to invest in supply chain. We have a very clear line of sight of exactly what we want our supply chain to look like. We recruited Don Frieson, who spent time at Walmart and Sam's Club, and he brings a wealth of knowledge, and so we'll make the right investments. And we feel very confident that we can create a modern supply chain over the short and long term. It's a iterative process that you can't do overnight. I mentioned we're looking for a new Chief Information Officer to help us understand how we continue to modernize our in-store technology. We have the capital to spend, and we have a pretty good line of sight of what we need to spend it on. And now we're going to bring a leader in that's going to build out a multiyear plan. And so I guess my short answer to the question is it's not a lack of spending, it's the prioritization of what we spend it on, and we're going to get focused on retail fundamentals. Now it doesn't mean that we're going to think short term. While we're fixing these fundamental issues like out-of-stocks and reset issues and customer engagement and being more specific around serving the Pro, we're going to be building out our supply chain, improving our IT infrastructure and also creating this omnichannel environment where we can deleverage these wonderful stores to be more in tune to serving customers the way that they want to serve, both in-store and online. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, I think for us, I mean, like any large public company, we're going to define success in a couple of ways. First, we're going to look at are we gaining market share? I mean, we're going to be very purposeful around taking share in key categories. We're going to look at our financial performance. We look at our sales growth relative to our competitive set. We're going to look at our bottom line, how are we performing from an EBIT and an EPS perspective and are we continuing to deliver value for our shareholders. The thing that we're going to do, Michael, which is not a surprise, is that we're going to be really customer-focused. We have some very impressive competitors in this space, and we're not denying that, but we understand that we also have to be focused on our customers. And we can serve our customers at the highest possible level. We think that we're going to take market share. We think that we will see the proper levels of comp sales growth, and we'll drive that sales productivity that I mentioned and you'll see overall bottom line improvement. I mean, there are areas that we know we can do a much better job on relative to operating profit, which will be driven through more disciplined SG&A execution, overall operating expense but keenly focused on driving improved sales productivity in our stores, and we know that we can do that. And so those are kind of the basic fundamental things that we're going to look at, but it's going to be really more about are we serving our customers at a level that's driving loyalty and return visits. 
Marvin Ellison: Mike, I'll give you high-level -- my thoughts. I'll hand it to Marshall, who can provide you any more specific. But I think the simple answer is that we have a lot of moving pieces, as the earning release outlined, with our decision to liquidate Orchard and our decision to rationalize inventory. And also, we made, I think, a very prudent decision to take $500 million in CapEx and shift it to our share repurchase program. And so based on all of that, specifically Orchard and the inventory rationalization, I mean, we felt it was prudent to update our guidance. And we feel as though we were conservative, but we wanted to also make sure that we did not underperform what we believe the number should be for the second half of the year. And with that, I'll hand to Marshall, as he may provide some more specifics. 
Marvin Ellison: Eric, I think it's a combination of both. The best way to describe it is I think we have to work very aggressively to address what I call a lack of retail fundamentals. I mean, just basic things like reset execution, in-stock improvement, sales productivity on end caps, addressing out-of-stocks and job lot quantities, having more engagement with customers and not overriding and taxing versus engaging customers and understanding how we serve our Pro via improved service and brands that they respond to. Concurrently, we'll be investing in a multiyear plan in supply chain. Concurrently, we'll be investing in a multiyear plan from an IT infrastructure improvement. And concurrently, we'll be building out our omnichannel investments in our stores so that we can continue to leverage our 2,300-plus physical locations with our digital platform. So I think it's a combination of address the retail fundamentals, because we think the short-term benefit is there. And again, you can't be a great retailer if you're not fundamentally sound, while making the strategic investments that will make us viable for the short term and the long term. And so it's a combination of all those things. 
Marvin Ellison: Eric, what I would say to you is, as you can imagine, we're spending a lot of time getting our new leaders assimilated to the company. And the good news is both Joe McFarland and Bill Boltz bring a combined 50 years of home improvement experience, which I think is really important for us on the merchandising and the store side, but they have to get assimilated. Don Frieson brings over 18 years with Walmart and Sam's Club, but he needs to get assimilated. And we just announced David Denton this morning as our new Chief Financial Officer. And so when we come together at the Investor and Analyst Conference in December, it's my expectation that we're going to have a high degree of specificity around where we see the business going, not only for 2019, but over the course of the next 2 to 3 years, and we'll be able to lay out those strategic investments that we're going to make that's going to deliver upon that. And we're going to have probably a degree of detail that hopefully will give comfort to everyone that we thought through this in a very specific fashion. So I would kind of postpone answering that question more directly until we have a chance to get all these leaders assimilated and we can get together and lay out that all-inclusive strategic plan. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, Zach, the first thing is I want to just give Mike McDermott and his team a lot of credit. I mean, there are some just significant partnerships that they've created the last couple years that I think have long-term benefits. I mean, specifically if you think about being the exclusive big-box home center channel for CRAFTSMAN. I mean, what an iconic brand, and the brand is exceeding expectations of the team, and we're just getting started. And also with Sherwin-Williams, I mean, another iconic brand, and having the ability to have their products, whether it's Thompson's WaterSeal or Purdy brushes, in addition to their paint. I mean, this is something that we think we're just scratching the surface on the potential. So I would say, overall, I've been very pleased with my engagement with the suppliers I've had a chance to spend time with. Obviously, with Mike's transition and Bill Boltz coming onboard, we're going to be spending more time, not only with existing suppliers, but we'll be spending time with suppliers that we currently don't work with to see if there's a realistic possibility that we can add additional brands to the assortment that will resonate with our DIY and Pro customers. But I will say, overall, it's been very positive, and I think that they've been very encouraged by some of the changes that we've made, because they now know that we're getting back, refocused, on being a fundamentally sound home improvement retailer, which opens up the opportunity for them to drive more revenue within their own companies. 
Marvin Ellison: So Steve, I'll take the out-of-stock question, and I will let Marshall take the remaining components of the question. Look, it's hard for us to determine the upside potential of the out-of-stocks. Having said that, having been in retail for over 30 years, I'm keenly aware that if we have increased traffic and improved in-stock, we should see some level of sales productivity from that. So we're optimistic that we're going to be able to drive sales improvement when we get our in-stock position improved. Now the reality is, is that you just can't flip a switch and have inventory in your stores on the shelves. We are going to be very prudent in how we exit out and rationalize inventory that we think needs to exit the assortment, but we're going to be equally as prudent on making sure that we are selective and surgical on what we bring in. And so it's really more about timing than anything. Once we get this process completed, we're very confident we'll see sales productivity. The question is, how quickly can we get it done? And that's the unopened question that I have that makes it very difficult to answer your question more precisely. So with that, I'll let Marshall take the rest of your question. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, I would say Canada and RONA first has been a very positive benefit for the company. The good news is that the overall integration is happening well. The introduction of unique and different categories in RONA like appliances has been met with really strong response from the customers, and we feel very, very good about the Canadian business performance and again, that overall acquisition of RONA. And we think that it's exactly where we want it to be, if not exceeding expectations from the original pro forma. Relative to Orchard, I mean, as the old saying goes, hindsight is 20/20. But I just -- I think there were some strategic decisions made that if they had to be done over would be different. The good news is, is that 86% of the Orchard stores that are closing are within a 10-mile radius of a Lowe's store. And so we're very optimistic that any associate who's an Orchard associate that's looking for a home at Lowe's, we should be able to find them a position and we're going to prioritize those individuals. But the business was just not running well. And as we started to do the strategic assessment of where we want to invest our capital and where we wanted to be focused, it became really clear to me and to the leadership team that we want to be focused on our core retail business. And we could grow Orchard into the most dominant small-box specialty home improvement channel in America, and it would be very minimal positive impact from an EBIT, from an overall revenue standpoint, to the Lowe's business. And so the question is, do you continue to invest financial and intellectual capital in an initiative that will have a very small benefit to the shareholder? And we decided that we would not. And so we're going to take the intellectual and the financial capital that we would have been investing in that business and invest it in the core Lowe's business, and we think that's a better return for the shareholder. 
Marvin Ellison: Well, the good news is a lot of the investments are underway, and we are building a very, very impressive team of experts that are coming in from a lot of different backgrounds and some of our very impressive competitors. I think our greatest opportunity is fundamentally making sure that our site is a lot more user-friendly, from a search, from a navigation, from a checkout. And there's a very specific road map that is being built and being executed to deliver on all of those things. And then the second big component is how do we more seamlessly connect our digital and our physical footprint together. The great news for us is that we're in a space of home improvement, where customers still like to come to the stores. They enjoy engaging our associates because they want some level of consultation on a purchase. In addition to that, we have products that are big, bulky and hard to ship. And having the ability to leverage our digital and our physical stores is important. The good news is if you look at our business today, roughly 60% of our e-commerce transactions were picked up in a store. That's incredibly powerful, even though we have significant list of opportunities that we are addressing. And so that's telling me that our customers is -- they're already resonating with our omnichannel philosophy and being able to connect digital and physical. We just need to make them more seamless. And so the investments required are really already underway. The road map is already built, and we're continuing to tweak it. But we see nothing but positive upside in the space.  So just a few closing remarks. I want to make sure that I just take a moment and thank both Marshall Croom and Mike McDermott for their love and commitment to this company. But more importantly, these gentlemen have been extremely professional and very, very helpful for me throughout this transition. And so I'll be eternally grateful for both of them for their support of me and this transition, their love and support of the associates of this company. And I wish them Godspeed and many blessings in the next chapter of their lives and careers.  Thank you, and we look forward to speaking to you on our November 20 earnings call. 
Marshall Croom: Michael, when we started the year, we were guiding to 40 basis points of pressure on our operating margin. We've expanded that to 180 basis points, so that's 140 basis points. Again, to Marvin's point, are largely driven by Orchard, decision to exit that business, as well as the -- taking a hard look at our inventory rationalization process that we're getting underway. And so those 2 items combined drive that. But again, the right thing to do, so we can redeploy capital to invest it where necessary, but it's those 2 big pieces that are driving the operating margin pressure. 
Marshall Croom: Those were the 2 key drivers. And again, taking a hard look at the inventory rationalization, felt that we needed to plan for an aggressive approach to that. 
Marshall Croom: Zach, again, taking a look at the reduction of capital, there are expenses associated with those that's actually providing a little bit of offset in the back half of the year. But again, net-net, the incremental pressure of 140 basis points from our original guidance on operating margin. 
Marshall Croom: Steve, just on the inventory rationalization efforts, again, in the back half -- and primarily, that's being driven in the third quarter. And we are anticipating about 55 basis points of operating margin pressure, again, just to allow for what we believe will be an aggressive approach to remove some of the clutter of inventory in the store and potentially effort to reinvest into job lots for the Pros and some higher-turning SKUs to drive future sales productivity as the company moves forward. 
Marshall Croom: And Seth, I'll add just one other point, just as a frame of reference. Orchard for 2017 generated about $600 million in sales, and it was a negative $65 million in EBIT. 
