Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Jonathan. And thank you, all, for joining us on our Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Today, we reported pretax earnings of $1.1 billion, the highest quarterly profit in United's history. We earned $2.75 per diluted share, nearly double our earnings per share in the third quarter last year. We had good revenue and cost performance in the quarter. Our revenue results demonstrate the progress we're making in our revenue management, network and express operation, while our solid cost performance largely reflects the early results of Project Quality, designed to deliver $2 billion of annual cost savings by 2017. During the quarter, we also returned $220 million in cash to our shareholders under our $1 billion share buyback program. I want to thank our employees for their hard work during the summer and for their skills in responding to the multi-week outage of the Aurora en route FAA facility, which significantly affected our operations. They did a great job responding and handling the effects on our customers, and I'm proud of them. So far this year, we've made a number of improvements to our operations, and we'll continue to focus on our reliability and product. Our goal is to deliver flyer-friendly service, a competitive product and competitive margins. We're continuing to take steps to improve the customer experience for our passengers, including installing in-flight satellite-based WiFi and streaming video on our mainline fleet as well as adding WiFi and streaming video on our 2-cabin regional fleet. As of today, we have WiFi in more than half of our mainline aircraft, nearly 200 of which are equipped with streaming video. By the end of the year, 2/3 of the mainline fleet will have WiFi and we will have begun installation on our 2-cabin regional fleet. Our progress this quarter shows that our plan is working. We're excited about the opportunities ahead, and this management team is committed to executing in each area of the business to realize this company's potential. We will continue to make progress against our plan and will take all appropriate actions to generate the level of earnings we and our shareholders expect. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim, Greg and John.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Jamie, this is Jeff. We're not going to be able to get JVs with, for example, our partner in China until China goes open skies, as that -- but with whatever period of time it takes. Clearly, that's something we would be keenly interested in were we do have the regulatory authority to do that, but we don't have that yet.
Jeffery A. Smisek: I don't know. It's a good question, Hunter, and I don't know the answer to it. I think that, that's going to require work by U.S. carriers pushing our own government to be flexible and to make sure that there are a fair allocation of slots to U.S. carriers. And as I -- as you allude to, our government's experience with Japan, in particular with Haneda, is a good example of that. That's a difficult process. What I -- I wasn't predicting necessarily a near-term open skies agreement with China. I was just saying that, if there were one, it would be necessary. That's a predicate to having a joint venture.
Jeffery A. Smisek: John, this is Jeff. I mean one of the things -- the point you make is a very good point. One thing is that this Project Quality is designed to deliver $2 billion of efficiencies annual cost savings by 2017, but it's not going to end in 2017. What we're instilling here is a culture of efficiency and continuous improvement, something that this industry has woefully lacked, candidly. And so we have -- we -- this is a first step of what we're doing. We have a lot of confidence in achieving our -- the goals that we set forth at in November of 2013, but it won't stop in 2017. This is a way of thinking. This is a way of questioning how and why we do things and how we can do things more efficiently, better for our employees, better for our customers and clearly better for our bottom line.
John D. Rainey: Thanks, Greg. And thanks, everyone, for joining the call this morning. I want to reiterate my appreciation to the United team for their hard work this quarter. Throughout the company, our employees are making meaningful improvements to United, and I appreciate their efforts. Today, we reported $1.1 billion of pretax income for the third quarter. Our third quarter earnings per diluted share were $2.75, nearly double our earnings per share in the third quarter of last year. Our return on invested capital over the trailing 12-month period reached 12.3%, the highest result in the last 3 years. Our operating margin was 11.7% and our pretax margin was 10.2%, both more than 450 basis points higher than last year. We're pleased with the continued financial improvement we've made, and we're excited about our opportunity to significantly grow earnings. We are all working hard to increase our revenue and improve our efficiency to generate the level of earnings we and our shareholders expect. Our third quarter consolidated CASM, excluding fuel, third-party business expense and profit sharing, increased 1% year-over-year. We are continuing to make good progress on our Project Quality initiative. This year, we expect to achieve nearly $200 million of fuel savings and now expect over $300 million of nonfuel savings. Our full year estimate for both of these numbers has increased with each quarter this year as we continued to perform better than our original expectations. A key component of the nonfuel savings is productivity, and we continue to make great progress in this area. This quarter, we improved productivity by 4%, marking the fifth consecutive quarter in which our productivity has increased, keeping us on track to achieve our 2014 goal of a 3% improvement. We expect fourth quarter nonfuel CASM to increase between 1.25% and 2.25%, resulting in a full year CASM estimate in line with our original guidance despite a 1 point reduction in our capacity projection that we provided at the beginning of the year. In the third quarter, we returned $220 million to shareholders through a combination of an accelerated share repurchase program and open-market transactions. We are pleased with the early progress we've made on our $1 billion share buyback program, and we will continue to opportunistically repurchase shares over the coming quarters. We're making good progress improving our balance sheet. In the third quarter, we redeemed the entire $800 million of our 6.75% secured notes. At the same time, we closed on a transaction under our existing $1.9 billion credit facility, in which we increased the size of our undrawn revolver by $350 million to a total of $1.35 billion and also issued an additional $500 million tranche of term loan debt. We've also made meaningful progress in reducing our convertible debt. Earlier this month, we retired all $248 million of our 6% convertible preferred securities due in 2030. We also issued a redemption notice for the remaining $56 million of our 6% convertible debt due in 2029. Furthermore, in January 2015, the $202 million outstanding of our 4.5% convertible notes will mature. Following that maturity, we will no longer have any outstanding convertible debt. This represents a $1.9 billion reduction in convertible debt since the merger. These transactions are representative of our stated long-term goal to reduce gross debt to $15 billion while maintaining an appropriate level of liquidity. Our capital expenditures in the third quarter were $493 million, and in the fourth quarter, we expect to spend approximately $1 billion. We plan to take delivery of 5 737-900ERs, 1 787-8, 1 787-9 and 11 E175s in the quarter. Apart from the additional E175s that Jim already mentioned, earlier in the quarter, we announced an agreement with Boeing to convert 7 787-8s delivering between 2017 and 2018 into larger, more efficient 787-10s that will be delivered in 2022 and beyond. In addition, we recently decided to retain 11 767-300ER aircraft that we had originally planned to retire and will invest in these aircraft with new interiors, winglets and reliability modifications to extend the useful life of these aircraft into the next decade. In addition, we continue to explore the used-aircraft market to find suitable aircraft that will allow us to reduce CapEx and rightsize our fleet without substantially increasing fleet complexity. For example, we recently reached an agreement to purchase 2 used 737-700s to backfill flying as 50-seaters exit the fleet. These changes to the fleet plan demonstrate our discipline in managing our capital allocation. I'm encouraged by our third quarter performance and the progress we're making to expand revenue, reduce costs, improve the balance sheet and return cash to shareholders. Through these actions, we're expanding earnings and demonstrating our commitment to increasing shareholder value. I'll now turn it over to Jonathan to open up the call for questions.
John D. Rainey: Helane, it's really -- it's obviously a very competitive business that we're in. And so that schedule that we'll be building in Chicago will be a very attractive schedule to the business passenger as well as the leisure passenger. So we're confident with the seat growth that we applied by up-gauging that we'll be very competitive in the market.
John D. Rainey: Jamie, this is John. I'll tell you I can't predict necessarily what other carriers are going to do. I'm going to tell you that we're focused on United Airlines and what we can do to create value for our shareholders. We recognize we have some further improving to do. This was a record profit for us this quarter. Our guidance in the fourth quarter would lead you to what is also a record profit for United in the fourth quarter. We talked about our desire to make money in the first quarter, and we want to continue to expand earnings. We are only about 25% of the way through our Project Quality initiative. We're in the very early stages of our revenue initiative. And so we think that we've got a lot of improvement, a lot of opportunity in front of us. We would all like to close that margin gap as soon as possible. I promise you that the team here is extremely focused on it. We don't like our relative place in the industry. That's a fact. And we think that we've got a lot of opportunity to improve.
John D. Rainey: Not necessarily, Jamie. The accounting rules around getting hedge accounting treatment, I'll give you one example. If you don't have an equal number of bought and sold call and put positions, that doesn't allow you to get hedge accounting. You have to -- so for example, if you did a caller -- a bought call and a sold put, you get hedge accounting, but if you were to then go out and mitigate the costs of that by selling a call at the high end, say, a $140 Brent [ph], that precludes you being able to get hedge accounting. I'll tell you that our hedge philosophy here is one of risk management. This is our single largest expense. It represents $12 billion to $13 billion for us annually. We think that taking some risk off the table in the near term is a prudent thing to do. We've -- I -- we've had this discussion before with you. I know that, philosophically, we agree that, long term, the industry needs to be able to adjust capacity and, therefore, its prices to compensate for its price inputs. Given the nature of our business, that we sell tickets 330 days in advance, that we schedule employees for many months in advance sometimes, it's difficult to adjust capacity in the very near term, which is why our hedge position is more heavily weighted call set.
John D. Rainey: John, it's a good question. And I would characterize our progress thus far as really more -- the opportunity has been greater than what we expected on the initiatives that we've embarked on rather than sliding forward initiatives. There have been some exceptions, but they -- those go both ways. When you get into this, some things take longer than you expect, and some things, you can accelerate. But generally, what we've seen is, where there had been opportunities, we've exceeded our expectations. And I really credit the employees for this. This is just, across-the-board, you see every single work group where there's a real drive for efficiency. I'll give you an example: In the third quarter, overtime in our maintenance group was about 2 points better year-over-year. And that doesn't really mean much just in terms of dollars in that statement, but 1 point in overtime change for maintenance is about $10 million to $12 million annually. And this is just really running a better, more efficient operation, and you see that in the bottom line. And that's one example. We see it in our res [ph] group. We see it in our airport groups. We've got better staffing with our flight attendants. There's really a huge drive across the company, and clearly, everyone is on board.
John D. Rainey: Julie, we've characterized our cost goal as being one where we expect to grow nonfuel costs at something less than inflation. And I appreciate that's a little bit vague, as inflation can bounce around. It's a long-term goal, and we may see that. We may see cost pressures from 1 year to the next, which will cause that to vary. We are, as Jim alluded to, growing more next year than what we did this year. It's obviously easier to keep that number lower, as you're supported by some growth. So we're sticking to that goal. We'll give more clarity at -- over the coming quarter about what our 2015 number is, but we're extremely encouraged by the early progress that we've seen this year. I talked about in my prepared remarks the fact that, despite capacity coming down a full point versus our original expectations, we've been able to hit our cost goals. And so I expect that to bleed over to 2015, and the same performance that we've seen this year will continue into the next year.
John D. Rainey: Right, well, the specifics of the contract, we're still working on. Obviously, we -- there are some inefficiencies just in our system today by having 2 separate collective bargaining agreements with the inefficiencies of staffing, transportation cost, hotels, things like that. So we do expect some benefit from that, but we haven't necessarily quantified that.
John D. Rainey: Sure. So let me take the last part of your question first, if that's okay. For the fourth quarter, we're 39% hedged. And over the next 12 months, we're about 35% hedged. In terms of our participation, in the fourth quarter, we are participating about 70% to the upside and the downside in fuel movements. And for the 2015, that's more like 80%. So help -- hopefully that helps. In terms of our hedge strategy, our hedge strategy is, part of it has been to be responsive to the overall fuel market. And over the last few years, you've seen that fuel has been relatively ranged bound, and our hedge portfolio has reflected that fact. And I think we fared better than any of our competitors over that period of time. We've seen fuel break out of that range, and I think we're very early on in this. We will look to see if it stabilizes and a new trading band develops, and then our hedge structure will respond to that.
John D. Rainey: We have not. We did talk about at Investor Day last year, Duane, our long-term goal of about $2.8 billion to $3 billion over the next few years. We have made some changes. I talked a little bit about some of the changes we've made from a fleet perspective. So that, we would expect that number to move around a little bit. But we'll give you more guidance on that as we get closer to year-end.
John D. Rainey: Well, we're going to take this in steps, Duane. I'm pleased with the fact that we're almost 1/4 of the way through this early on. We've seen some -- a lot of volatility in the market, and it has created some buying opportunities for us. We still think this is a great way to return cash to shareholders given where our stock is trading right now, but I've emphasized before, this is a first step. And when we complete this, or get close to completion, we'll come back to the market with our next step, but I'm not prepared to talk any more about that at this point in time.
John D. Rainey: Good question, David. There are a couple headwinds. I do not expect it to change that profile. The best example I can give you right now relates to pension. So the discount rate that we use today to discount the liabilities in our pension is about 5.1%. The preliminary look for next year, it looks like it'll be closer to 4.3%, so that will create between $50 million and $100 million of headwind for us next year. There's also an update to the mortality tables for pensions, which is not reflected in our current numbers. But that said, even with those headwinds, we expect to achieve the type of cost performance that we've outlined, so I don't expect it to change the profile that you alluded to.
John D. Rainey: Well, our current plan is to defer the deliveries that we expected to take in 2017 and '18 into 2022. We still do hold option positions. Jeff -- or rather, Jim alluded to the fact that fleet flexibility is something that's very important for us to be able to respond to the economic environment yet still do so in a capacity-disciplined manner. But that was the move that we've recently made, yes.
John D. Rainey: Sure. The 737-700s that we obtained were from a leasing company. I don't want to comment on any further on the airline that they came from. But the other part of your question: At this point, we're really more focused on narrowbody lift. Part of the issue that we're solving for is, today, we are too reliant on the 50-seat RJ. It's -- it creates some operational complexities, but there's also, I think, a looming shortage with respect to pilots being able to fly some of those as we look at some of the changes in the training requirements. So what we want to do is backfill some of that capacity in a financially disciplined way. We don't necessarily want to go out and place a brand-new aircraft order that creates several billion dollars more of CapEx. We've talked a lot about having a balanced allocation of cash flow. So this is a way, by looking at the used-aircraft market, that we can still backfill some of that capacity, more narrowbody focused, but do it while still addressing the other cash flow needs that we have.
John D. Rainey: That's accurate. Any time you look at adding a plane or a new fleet type, there's some complexity with that. There has been some discussion about the 190s. That's something that is on the radar candidly as well. But certainly, if you look at our narrowbody fleet with the Airbus A319s, A320s, the new Jin 737s, those are all planes that fit the profile that we could easily accommodate into our fleet.
James E. Compton: Helane, this is Jim. We have a history of creating a flexible fleet plan. And that is, clearly, as we head into 2015, we have the ability to adjust our capacity to economic changes. We kind of gauge GDP forecast based on consensus out there, so you're right, it does move around, but we do have the ability, with utilization of the aircraft, working really closely with our tech ops team to more finely tune when we can do work on airplanes, to also adjust to that. So the history of a flexible fleet plan continues for us, and we have great flexibility to adjust to the economic environment, and we will. We'll -- it is about keeping demand and capacity in line, and that's what we're really focused on.
James E. Compton: Jamie, we're -- obviously, China is a big part of our network and very profitable part of our network. It's a very strong, growing part of the world. From a demand perspective, we continue to expect that. So our footprint there, we think, is the best positioned. I'll tell you we don't -- our strategy is well beyond hope. And if you think about the things that we're doing with the flexibility of our fleet, the 787 San Francisco to Chengdu is a perfect example of that, that we're tapping into that growth in China in ways that, quite frankly, our competitors can't as we continue to match capacity and demand. So we call it our second phase of our Pacific. That's combined with what we're doing in Tokyo with our JV partner to put the flying out of Narita, work with them much close down [ph] the connections, but as it is in China, we're well positioned. And we feel we have lots of opportunity to do well as that market continues to grow.
James E. Compton: And Jamie, I would add to Jeff's comments. Working with their [ph] China, some of the success of Chengdu being ahead of our expectations is the connections that they're building for us in Chengdu. So we'll continue to work that from an alliance perspective with our Star partners.
James E. Compton: Mike, to be -- we're not -- don't comment on a specific month, but you're right just in terms of last year with the government shutdown in the beginning of the month and then it's coming back about October 16 last year. There was clearly, from a government traffic as well as business traffic associated with government-type fares, strength year-over-year in that area. And we did see that so far in October. We're now back to year-over-year where the government shutdown was over.
James E. Compton: Mike, this is Jim again. The -- what we're doing with the seasonal capacity turn [ph] is a process internally that we've started a long time ago. And by that, I mean the network planning group has worked hand-in-hand with our operations folks. Because you're right, there is a lot of coordination in terms of having utilization of the aircraft there, the crews and so forth; and the ability for the stations to handle the schedule. So we're really confident where we're at in this because the process began a long time ago and we're right on time line for the execution to go very well. And we're excited about it because, obviously, that peak summer demand will drive -- for the full year, we talk about adding 0.5 point of PRASM to our trans-Atlantic entity in 2015 with this network change that we're doing.
James E. Compton: John, this is Jim. Your -- the capacity guidance, let me put a little context around the international piece of 2015 because, as we've talked a lot about the seasonal shaping of trans-Atlantic, that really implies really low single-digit capacity growth for the Atlantic entity in 2015. As you think about Latin America, in terms of routes that make a lot of sense for us to complete our portfolio, we are beginning this year adding Houston-to-Santiago. It's, for a long time, been a big ask from our corporate partners, to serve that market. So we're very excited about it. So 2015, in that sense, becomes a run rate of that new market that we're very excited about. So it's very strategic in terms of what we're trying to do from a business side. We also are starting in this year Denver-to-Panama, and so the run rate of that market is also going to grow. And then the rest is -- what I mentioned in my script is we're seeing really strong demands in the beach markets. And so for instance, we can take a Chicago-LaGuardia trip on a Saturday and fly from Chicago to Cancun on that same Saturday. And well, it generates a lot of incremental capacity into Latin America, but from a margin perspective, it's actually very accretive. So the way we think of this of all is in the context of what we're trying to do strategically: beat capacity discipline, build on our strengths and do that with different levers. And one of the levers is some of the seasonality. And so when you think about the Latin, you kind of get into mid-single-digit type of growth in that area with what I described. In the Pacific, just to close that out, we're really excited about starting L.A.-Melbourne this year, and you're going to have the run rate of that. And again, it's as much about ultimately getting out of our tag Sydney-to-Melbourne. That is very expensive for us to operate but allows us to serve Melbourne. The 787-9 becomes the great airplane to South [ph] that will help out run rate capacity in there. And then we have the run rate of San Francisco to Chengdu and San Fran to Taipei on capacity that I have already noted is running ahead of expectations. That kind of gets us in the mid-single digits in the Pacific. So the international capacity, we think fits very well with our capacity discipline, although because of the run rate and some of the things we're doing to beach markets, generates capacity next year at the levels that maybe you're inferring.
James E. Compton: Well, clearly, their point of sale is more a Chinese point of sale. And -- but I like to -- every competitor is a good competitor, and our goal in competing is to obviously operate and do -- at a really high reliability rate, with a great product. And -- but our point of sale on the U.S. side is stronger than the Chinese point of sale, and you have that dynamic for them also on their side. And clearly, you're right, they're building a brand presence as they grow their presence into the U.S. And so United, with since 1986 being in the market in China, has a strong presence over there to date.
