Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors.  Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, which is available on our website.  Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook, our Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with Q&A.  And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. [Operator Instructions]. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Michael Leskinen: Thanks to all for joining the call today. Please contact Investor Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Gerald Laderman: Sure, Jamie. And actually, I think what I said back in March was over $20 billion. So look at it this way, there are different ways to look at collateral and the way we look at it may not be apples-to-apples with the way others have looked at it. But having said that, and excluding mileage plus, which we all know is a valuable asset, we have at least $10 billion in other available collateral value that we can use to continue to raise secured debt. This includes at least $8 billion in aircraft, spare engines, parts, simulators and equipment, and around $2 billion in routes that I would describe as sort of routes to slot constrained airports. Does not include those slots and gates and racks for less restricted airports that could be, actually, another source of additional liquidity.
Gerald Laderman: Jamie, I expect those discussions would begin shortly. And so I'm going to be limited in my comments about collateral because, clearly, there will be some portion of the collateral that I described and some of this value that we will put aside in case we want to take that loan. But I expect those discussions to start shortly.
Gerald Laderman: That's an area we're still working on. But I can tell you that the exercise we've gone through this year to reduce capital spend continues into next year. So we are not going to be increasing capital spend to any degree from where we're going to get to as we hit our numbers for everything we've reduced this year.
Gerald Laderman: No. As you know, we have a lot of parked aircraft. Those are, in our view, right now, temporarily parked. And until we see what's needed to run the operation, we're not going to make any firm decisions on those.
Gerald Laderman: Hunter, it's Gerry. So as we've disclosed for years, the holdbacks are based on our liquidity tests. And actually, if you look back on any of our disclosures for years, with our liquidity in the $5 billion to $6 billion range where it had been, even at that level, we've said that's significantly above the threshold before holdbacks kick in. And so as liquidity levels even above that, we're even further away from those thresholds where we have an issue.
Gerald Laderman: Sure. It's Gerry. Keep in mind, ATL, for us, typically, builds through the first 5 months of the year. So January, February, March, you would have expected it to continue to build. In fact, in January and February, we saw that build. Rough numbers, January was a little over $600 million. February, around $500 million. But then March, which should have continued that flip and was negative by about $650 million.  So we ended March, while we were up because it didn't offset all of February -- January and February, where we should have been in a normal year in March was, I don't know, $1.5 billion higher than where we ended up. So when you look at it that way, you can understand why there was a small increase, a lot smaller than we thought. And April, we don't have a precise number for April yet, but it's significantly smaller than March. And the way to look at second quarter, based on kind of our assumption on kind of 0 net bookings, a couple of hundred million a month sort of burn off in ATL would be the way to look at second quarter.
Gerald Laderman: So let me start with your last question first. So that $40 million to $45 million includes some inflows from the aircraft financing. Can't give you too much detail because then you could back into some numbers we don't like to share, like what we pay for aircraft. But keep in mind, with the sale-leaseback transaction we have, and you net out deposits and credits and whatnot, that does provide cash for us. All we have in the second and third quarter, well, probably all we have with the 787s. It's anybody's guess when the MAXs start. All those MAXs this year, if they do start, are also lease finance. So on sale-leaseback, they are a little bit cash positive as well. So as I said in my comments, the delivery of the aircraft is not a cash drain for us. And then in terms of CapEx, generally, we have probably about $600 million of non-aircraft CapEx for the rest of the year, split pretty evenly through the year. At least that's, I think, what you should use for your model. And that's where we are.
Gerald Laderman: Joe, we're just going to rely on you for that. You're one of the experts on tackling mileage programs, aren't you? Look, there's tremendous value there. A number of different ways to value it. To the extent that serves as a source of liquidity for the government loan or any other transaction, you will take a look at it different ways. And there are different ways also to extract value on the asset as well. And the best way to look at that, you have loans against the business, you have prepaid miles and you have other ways. There is probably an aggregate cap for all that. And to the extent we choose to do it in more than one way, think of it as several buckets. And the more we have in one bucket, the less we have in another bucket. But together, we think there's significant liquidity we can extract from the program.
Scott Kirby: Well, Jamie, I'll try to answer the question even more broadly. I think, for sure, when we emerge from this, that United Airlines is going -- and the airline industry, is going to look different. And whether you talk about what you do for safety, the actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus. One of the things that is going to be different, I'm confident at United is, we're going to really change how the airline works in terms of efficiency and we're going to engineer costs permanently out of the system. And Linda Jojo is leading, as we go through this, one of the things we are still doing and investing in is technology efforts so that when we emerge, we're more efficient.  We say to each other every day on our daily executive team call, that everything is on the table, about what we look like. We -- maybe differences in premium travel or maybe there won't be. But every single thing is on the table. And while we don't have any plans to close hubs, when you say everything is on the table, we mean everything. There are no sacred cows. Our responsibility to our employees, our customers and our shareholders is to make sure that United is here for the long-haul and provides as many good jobs as possible to our people. That is my #1 and overriding objective for everything that we do. And the decisions that we're going to make in the near-term about employee pay are much harder than decisions we would have to make about hub structures and route networks later in the future. And we will make the hard decisions that are required to make sure United survives, is successful and has the most good jobs possible for our people.
Scott Kirby: So thanks, Duane. If we get to October, what I'm about to describe, I hope and pray, we won't have to do. But we already have a plan on the shelf for -- if we get to October, we know what we are going to do -- approximately, what we're going to do to get our cash burn at a worst case, down $20 million -- down to $20 million per day. So we will go from the -- something south of $40 million in the third quarter to something around $20 million in the fourth quarter. And that again, assumes a continuing 0 revenue environment.  I hope that we don't have to do that. I hope that everyone that's forecasting a recovery is right, and we don't have to do that. Because doing that will be extremely painful for our people and our employees. Most of the difference between where we are in the third quarter and where we would go to in the fourth quarter is employees because we have already -- all nonemployee expenses have already been cut beyond to the bone. And the difference between that third quarter number and that fourth quarter number is really about employees. And it will be agony to make those decisions, and it will be incredibly painful for our people. But we won't agonize over making the decisions because as I've said before, and I'll keep repeating, our responsibility is to make sure we have a strong future here at United. And the way I look at it is 3 years from now, 5 years from now, how do we have a secure future for United and have the most great jobs available for people? And if we have to make short-term sacrifices, and if we get to the fourth quarter and demand is 0, we will have to make short-term sacrifices.  We will do that, and we will get our cash burn down to $20 million per day, which obviously gives us an extremely long runway to make sure that we come out on the other side and emerge a great United Airlines, together.
Scott Kirby: Sure, Oscar. Look, I think it's too early to know specifically what will happen. I think it's almost certain that our, not just airlines, but our society will be different. A month ago, we were afraid if we saw somebody walking down the streets here in the United States with a mask on. Now we're afraid if they're not. And I don't know how permanent all those changes will be. But things will be different, even once we recover and we start to return to normality.  While I don't yet know exactly what that means for airlines. What I am confident of is airlines are, I think, actually the leading industry in the world when it comes to safety. I alluded to this in my opening remarks, airlines will get this part right on safety. And we're already taking the lead and doing incredible things, not just at United. I'm proud of what we're doing at United. But I'm also encouraged to see what other airlines are doing. And so we will make sure it is safe to travel on aircraft.  The real issue for us about demand, however, is going to be that people feel safe and have some freedom to travel. Disney World needs to be open. Taking my kids to Disneyland is something I do every year and love it. But Disneyland needs to be opened. And cafes and museums in Paris need to be open before people are going to go back. And conventions need to be open and running. So it's not just about airlines. I'm confident that airlines will get our portion of the safety correct, and we'll do that effectively. But we're going to need a broader confidence across the whole range of society before demand can return to normal.
Scott Kirby: Yes. That's a good question, Hunter. And first, I'd start with -- while we keep acknowledging that we don't know when the crisis will end and then we can begin the recovery. What we do know is we can minimize the depth of the hole. We can keep from digging the debt hole. We can keep it as shallow as possible. And that is about minimizing cash burn.  So right now, we are focused on minimizing the cash burn. If you just look at our numbers with where we are today, we're clearly leading the industry. You look at where we think we can be, even in a 0 demand environment, again, we hope there's not a 0 demand environment. But even in a 0 demand environment, in the fourth quarter and into 2021, I think we'll be leading the industry at minimizing the depth of that hole.  Once the recovery starts, however, we'll also -- we are going to be cautious about putting capacity back and beginning the recovery because there is certainly the possibility that there will be false starts, there's a second wave. We're not going to jump in with both feet once we see the first green shoots. We're going to be cautious. And we're going to work really hard to get back to cash flow breakeven, to get our cash burn down to 0 as the first step and continue to be cautious.  Our priorities, I think, will be -- we're clearly going to want to have more liquidity available, more cash than we had coming into the crisis. Next, will be to pay down our high cost -- it'll be to pay down our debt and those will be ahead of any -- both come #1 or #2, before we start reinvesting in capital and then shareholder returns are kind of going to be at the back of that. We don't know when that'll happen. But the biggest thing we can do right now is minimize how deep the hole is, and that gives us the best chance to dig out the most quickly, once the recovery ultimately begins. And look, one thing we can all be confident about is there will be a recovery. This is something -- the virus will be defeated. There will be recovery. We just don't know when. And so we're taking the actions we can to minimize cash burn today, which will set us up better for a recovery when it begins.
Scott Kirby: Savi, look, I think there probably will be opportunities. I mean, certainly, there's going to be opportunity on restructuring the business. I alluded to some of the work that Linda and her team are already helping lead us through on what the business looks like.  As to your question, it's certain that there are going to be possibilities, depending on how long this lasts and how long -- what the recovery looks like and what others do. At the moment, we are a little more focused on the near term -- a lot more focused on the near term. We'll look forward to the day where we can actually spend brainpower thinking about those opportunities. But we're a lot more focused on the near-term at the moment, to be honest with you.
