Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Tegan. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to United’s fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our Web site at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday’s release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Company’s current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on the call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release.  Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are our Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Leskinen. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with the Q&A.  And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Scott. 
Kristina Edwards: Thanks, Mike. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow question. Tegan, please describe the procedure to ask the questions.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact Investor or Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Mike Leskinen: Look, the reality is that with the MAX grounding, this is the kind of straw that broke the camel’s back with believing that the MAX 10 will deliver on the schedule we had hoped for. And so we're working through an alternate plan. We do expect our growth rate to slow in coming years. Though United Next plan is firmly on track it will take a little longer to get there. And we're working on alternate plans to see how much higher we can elevate the growth with the MAX 10. Now we're still counting on Boeing and we're monitoring the MAX 10 closely and we're rooting and we'll do everything we can to help that aircraft get certified. It's a great aircraft. But we can't count on it and so we're working on alternate plans. The details we'll share when we have them. I hope we'll have more by the first quarter conference call, and we'll certainly have a fulsome update for you by our May 1st Investor Day.
Mike Leskinen: I appreciate the question. This is something I'm very passionate about. MileagePlus is a crown jewel in the businesses we have here at United Airlines. We've made some significant progress towards growing that business. We have a new leader in Richard Nunn. We have significant projects underway around data and how we can create a better customer experience and monetize that data, simultaneous. And you can expect a very fulsome update on the May 1st Investor Day. We do have ideas on how to bring the market attention to the value and the higher premium multiple that those earnings should trade at. And we have several options, and we'll share more when we're ready to share more. But we've discussed some of those, some of those have been written about in the analyst reports. And if the value is not recognized in our fares, we will take action to highlight that value in the near future.
Mike Leskinen: The A350 is a incredible aircraft. We have a significant order book for 787s right now and we have a mix of 777 aircraft, some are relatively older and a sub fleet is quite young. As we look into the 2030's, the A350 is an aircraft that we are looking at. We don't have any new news to share with you today but the timing will be that early part of the next decade.
Mike Leskinen: So Catie, let me take the last question first. We include our expectations for labor agreements in our guidance. Regarding CASM trends in Q2 and Q3 and Q4, you would expect the MAX headwind to go away. We do think we're getting closer to seeing that aircraft fly again. You would see some United-specific tailwinds with some gauge increase. Although, with slowing deliveries, that gauge increase in '24 will be less than we would have expected. You will see continued pressure from labor of about 3 to 4 points, that's an industry headwind for CASM-ex, not unique to United. We expect it will lead to higher TRASM to offset. But you should continue to see that we will lap the majority of that as we enter into the fourth quarter. And then maintenance headwind of about 1 point, that's going to be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. As I sit here today, I think it's about 1 point in each of the quarters. this year. At some point, the supply chain will fix itself in aerospace, but we don't see that today and I think it probably takes well beyond 2024. So you should think about -- to summarize, you should think about the labor and maintenance headwinds as being persistent.
Mike Leskinen: Scott, I'll kick it off and say, yes, we think TRASM for the year will be positive, but the details will come from Andrew.
Mike Leskinen: Scott, just specifically asked about the shape of our quarterly earnings through the year. It's going to look like a normal seasonal pattern, albeit with a slightly bigger loss in the first quarter due to MAX 9 grounding.
Mike Leskinen: Let me try to give you a high level view, Helane, and we can dig into more details in the near future. But as I sit here today and I think about the changes in CapEx related to the delay in deliveries, I expect free cash to cover our CapEx in most years, if not all years. And as far as additional paydown of the balance sheet, we would expect that as our margins grow into that low double digit low-teen area that free cash flow will be quite positive, allowing us to pay down that debt. Now the pacing will be dependent on how much that CapEx profile changes and how quickly we get to what we think is that on long run, higher level of margin.
Mike Leskinen: Andrew, I think it's a few years off still, let me get with my treasurer, Pam Hendry, and follow up with you on the precise year. It does depend on how CapEx moderates and it depends on that profitability, but it's still a few years off.
Mike Leskinen: I think that it's a structural change in the industry, and we see a ton of evidence in this year and I think eventually the investment community will see it as well. But there is an industry that has operated as a commodity industry and United and one of our legacy peers have clearly differentiated ourselves from the path. And that's leading customers to choose to fly our airlines, it's leading to the majority, if not all, of the revenue growth in the industry accruing to those two airlines, and that is happening simultaneous with cost convergence. That cost convergence, the whole reason that the low cost carriers existed was for -- is because they had lower costs. Those lower costs no longer exist. And so that creates, I think, a permanence to the higher margin, a sustainability to that higher margin. And where that settles, we still -- the jury is still out exactly where that’s up, but it is higher and more stable and more resilient and that is not recognized by the capital markets today.
Andrew Nocella: As we rebuilt Asia, we definitely wanted to rebuild it. So it has sustainably higher margins than it did pre-pandemic. And we've gone about that, I think, very carefully. We're back to our pre-pandemic size, which is nice at this point. And China was profitable for us pre-pandemic, although, it was not our highest margin climb to be fair. As we bring it all back, our goal is to make sure that the Asia Pacific entity produces margins that are similar to that across the rest of our global network. And I think that at least in 2023, Asia Pacific is well ahead. I do expect things to move around a bit, particularly as more China flights come back online. But I think we're particularly bullish about what Asia looks like going forward. We added a lot of capacity in the quarter, we are absorbing it, and we expect in Q2 and Q3 that capacity is going to do very well. So very bullish about the long term prospects in Asia post pandemic.
Andrew Nocella: I think it's largely a share shift, Jamie. We developed Basic Economy numerous years ago now and have been refining how we sell it, how we distribute it, and that product. And it's an important product in our lineup. We do focus a lot on premium. But we know we need to be competitive across the whole range of needs that our customers have in our hubs and that required a competitive basic economy product that we could do profitably. And as we look at the data, we think the biggest change here is as we've increased our gauge, we've been able to attract more and more market share across the board, but in particular, we've been able to attract more of it from some of the low cost carriers out there. So we're really pleased with this development. And it's given us every indication that we should continue to push forward as our gauge increases and we'll be able to more effectively take on that traffic and grow our share base even more.
Andrew Nocella: No, we didn't pull back on it for that reason. And remember, these are year-over-year comps but you have to consider the math of what we did last year. We're very bullish about Basic. We're also very bullish about the premium. And the point is, we have a really great diversified revenue stream across all of our cabins as we try to de-commoditize our product. We are really hopeful that we'll continue to drive increasing volumes in basic. It seems to be having the appropriate P&L effect at United and competitive effect across the industry. So it's something we want to do more of, not less of. And so you should expect that.
Andrew Nocella: The delta in between contractual and expected is growing. And we don't know exactly where it settled yet, that's what we're working through now. And we are working on an alternate strategy to mitigate some of the loss in growth. But yes, as you're thinking about CapEx coming below $9 billion this year and the trajectory for maybe lower than what you would expect CapEx in '25 and beyond, that's how you should think about it.
Andrew Nocella: Well, we're not giving exact guidance here other than, yes, we're very bullish on the year. I think I laid out a business case where domestic is starting the year incredibly strong. I think we've laid out a business case for where we're going to do with trans-Atlantic capacity. And I do expect Asia capacity to step down materially as we head into Q2 and then Q3, which is obviously going to bolster those numbers, too. So I remain bullish on the year.
Andrew Nocella: Look, I think we're seeing -- I hate to say the word exceptional, but we're seeing really good strength in domestic right now, and I expect that's going to narrow the gap. International margins are well ahead of domestic margins in 2023, and they'll continue to be well ahead of domestic margins in 2024. But I do think that gap will narrow a bit based on the RASM outlook that I'm looking at, again, which is pretty darn good for domestic. Maybe I'll take the seasonal shape in as well. We're working very diligently to make Q1 a more profitable quarter for United. I think we are well on our way prior to the MAX grounding. And obviously, if you take that out, you can use that to update the estimates as to where we would have been in Q1. We made a lot of changes to how we fly in Q1, and we didn't talk about all those details. But when I look at our RASM trends, particularly in domestic, I am now confident that all those changes had the desired effect. As we continue to build and make sure that in the future, Q1 can -- well, it won't ever be our best quarter to be blunt that it will be a much better relative quarter. But our global network, I have to say in Q2 and Q3 really stands out, and we expect it to be stellar again over those six months in 2024.
Andrew Nocella: We will update our longer term margin targets at Investor Day. But the tailwinds that we expect from the United Next strategy from engage, from the connectivity, from the preference to fly United, we have proven, it used to be -- it was a strategy on a piece of paper. We have proven that it's working. And so as we think about '24, deliveries being a little less than '25 and '26, of reaccelerating into that United Next strategy, we see just continued momentum. And so as for the specific level of 12% to 14% pacing, we're going to have to update you on May 1st. But the strategy is working and we're very confident in an upward trajectory to both earnings and margin.
Andrew Nocella: What I would say is during the entire recovery, US outbound has been a stronger component of the traffic, really across the board, across the entire globe, and that continues today, I think, origin Europe, particularly core Europe, Germany continues to trail as well as Japan and Australia, and so we'll continue to monitor that. But the US consumer has made up the difference in most regions of the world quite effectively and has resulted in very strong results over the last year. So I think the outlook is strong but when the inbound customer profile starts to rebound, I think that's just further upside in the future. It hasn't happened consistently across the globe yet but we'll see what 2024 brings.
Andrew Nocella: San Francisco is going to be very unique over the next six to nine months. There is a significant amount of runway construction going on in San Francisco that has dramatically limited our ability to fly there. It's also consistent with a slower recovery in that city. So I think that is actually probably okay, but you will see us fly a much reduced domestic schedule in San Francisco. The international flying continues to be very strong. But the smaller domestic schedule, combined with where we are in the recovery, I think, it's going to be just fine for San Francisco in terms of our profit contribution. And San Francisco, Asia continues to perform exceedingly well.
Andrew Nocella: We've all sat on calls and predicted the recovery of business graphic more times than I can count over the last few years. And I will say, Q4 was okay. It wasn't spectacular in any way. But as we started January in the new budget season for all of our big corporate clients, we did notice a significant step-up. So it's really early. It's only been a few weeks, and I hesitate to say, oh my gosh, it's fixed, because it's still well behind where it should be relative to GDP growth, of course. But look, it's a really nice step up. We're seeing close-in yield gains as well that result from that. And I think that's one of the reasons our domestic RASM outlook is as strong as it is. And so hopefully, that continues. At the end of the quarter, of course, we'll report on that and let you know how it looks. But at least for the first two weeks of January, we've gotten off to a really strong start and it gives us increasing signs that this is going to be, I think, a very good year.
Andrew Nocella: I mean I think that's probably a lot more detail than I can do on a conference call, to be honest. But just generally, unproductive capacity has been leaving the system. I think that's been good for the system and good for United. And so we'll manage our RM like we normally do to take advantage of all of the opportunities. But I just want to reiterate that our choice to diversify our revenues at the top of Polaris and at the bottom of Basic Economy is not something we're going to be giving up on. The Basic Economy is an important part of the airline, it is what our customers want, we will continue to provide choice. And we expect to provide more and more of it as our gauge increases. The competitive dynamics are what they are, I can't predict them. I only really can talk for United, and we'll obviously maximize our returns and do the right thing. But again, the diversified revenue streams that we're putting out there are really working for us across not only the fare ladder but our geographic dispersion of our flying. And so we couldn't be more pleased with our revenue results quarter-after-quarter, by the way, not just in Q4 and not just last year, and the outlook we have. If the industry is dynamic, it's always changing, we'll change with it. But it is, I think, a good time to be at United Airlines and be an investor in United Airlines.
Andrew Nocella: David, what I would tell you is that we're prepared for an incredibly strong summer. As I've said numerous times, we decided to go slow this year. We've tilted more of our capacity, particularly in Q1 to Southern Europe. And that's probably what I would say the biggest change is what we see with the consumer is that destinations in Spain and Italy have become more year round destinations than seasonal. And that is new post pandemic and we're reacting to it and moving more and more capacity out of Northern Europe, out of London Heathrow or Germany and into Southern Europe, and we'll probably do more of that again next year. In terms of the price points, I'm not going to exactly predict that at this point. We don't really talk about pricing. But I would just say, we expect a really strong summer across the Atlantic. Our capacity is not growing materially. And we think that's going to really allow us to get all of the capacity we've added over the last few years to be mature and incredibly and solidly profitable in 2024.
Scott Kirby: It's really an industry comment. In the past, if United had -- if an airline, including United, had CASM going up, while others had CASM going down, the price is the lowest common denominator. So it's an industry comment. As industry -- just like fuel. Anything that affects the whole industry is a pass through. If it affects one airline, it's not, but if it affects all airlines, it's a pass through, that was -- we were sitting in this room a year ago, and maybe we didn't do it articulately, but that was the point we were trying to make, and that is exactly what happened. And it is what's going to happen going forward.
Scott Kirby: Boeing has a storied history and thousands of great people. They're one of the best engineering, they're one of the best technology companies in history, they've been a great American company, their biggest exporter. I have -- they're going through a rough patch right now, but I believe that Boeing is across the board from top to bottom is committed to changing and fixing it. I'm encouraging them to do it even faster. And it is going to impact United in the near term because of some of the challenges they've had, but there are great people there and they will get it together. And we are their biggest -- at critical times, we're also their biggest cheerleader. There's no one that's a bigger supporter that wants Boeing to succeed outside of Boeing than me, and I'll do everything I can to help.
Scott Kirby: We are not canceling the order. We are taking it out of our internal plans. And so we're taking out of our internal plans and we'll be working on what that means exactly with Boeing. But Boeing is not going to be able to meet their contractual deliveries on at least many of those airplanes. And I’ll just leave it at that.
