Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Brendan. Good morning, everyone and welcome to United Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at www. ir.united.com Information And yesterday relief and large range conference forward-looking statements which represent the Company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events are forward-looking statements are made based on information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by annualized holdings and United Airlines for more thorough description of these factors. Officer out during the course of the call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to table at the end earnings release. Joining us in Chicago today to discuss our results and outlook. Our Chief Executive Officer Scott Kirby, President Brett Hart, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Andrew Nocella, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team online and  Q&A. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks, Gerry. We'll now take questions from the analysts community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Brendan, please describe the procedure to ask the question.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks everyone for joining the call today, please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward talking to you next year 
Gerry Laderman: So we'll have some more detail on 2022 Capex in January, but I can tell you that the bulk of the reduction this year is just shifting into next year, those 787 in particular that caused reduction this year would just be additive for next year. So when you add those to the 48 narrow-bodies we have, you will see a step-up in capex, although I think if you took this year or next year together, blended, it’s sort of consistent.  But you should assume that most of the capex reduction this year simply got moved into the first half of next year. Longer term, we are laser-focused on reducing net debt balance and deleveraging. We could've done some more if we had more pre -payable debt, we simply don't. So we're going to, over the next few years, focus on reducing that debt, as we have the opportunity to economically prepay that debt. That’s a critical component of our United Next plan.
Gerry Laderman: So we -- the answer is yes, as we implement the plans, see the returns that profitability is going to go directly into paying down the debt and keep in mind, we also have the flexibility if the recovery takes a little bit longer. Over the next few years, we have the flexibility to manage aircraft deliveries and retirements, to adjust to whatever the environment is.
Gerry Laderman: Hi, Gerry. So won't provide some more color in January I would say the idea as we'll return to normal, ATL will begin to return to normal as always, see the normal peaks and valleys that are driven by seasonality on sort of other matters. The biggest other things for us to look at is as they said earlier every payment and when we start seeing those debt maturities kick-in in repayment upstream to kick in next year.  Relatively modest year on debt repayment, about 3 billion down 3 billion of scheduled debt payments. But we gonna focus on other opportunities to use that cash to manage the balance sheet. Starting as early as next year.
Gerry Laderman: The triple sevens, our aircraft I've is already mislead. There's not a CapEx component to bringing them back. There is an OPEX component of getting them ready. And so that's included in our forecast was not included in any forecast as whether there's any contribution to that from other parties. We're assuming in our forecast that we are incurring that costs.
Gerry Laderman: I would have thought with the Cities we just added and we got to your bucket list, but let me know. But we work with our great aligned partners. We really do have the best aligned partners and the low. What I would tell you about how we came to the dilution is on what city-pairs to add for this summer is many of these periods United and our store aligns partners have very low shares.  The traffic between US and those markets are carried by other alliances, not ours. And that's why these markets are great. The other thing i will tell you is sometimes you have to make the market and there's a lot of service to a lot of different places around the world.  But for example, the Azores is a great opportunity for you virtually and all your colleagues to head on a great vacation. That was very, very difficult to reach in previous years. That'll be a lot easier to reach on United Airlines milestone that New York starting this summer.
Gerry Laderman: Hey, it's Gerry. So I say, we're not seeing anything different from what others are seeing and where we are seeing shortages and potential shortages are we're just trying to stay ahead of it. So it's not at all impacting the operation or the product, but it does have some impact just on costs. It's just more expensive as the whole world is seeing sometimes to get the supply that you need.
Scott Kirby: Sure. I'll take that. Definitely, the growth rates and the recovery will be different by the different regions of the world and the Pacific is going to be disclosed and we've said that a number of times. When you go through all of our data, what I would tell you is that we really need to start to break down our entities into a little bit more detail.  Particularly going across the Atlantic, we expect, and again, I said already today that our bookings across the Atlantic are now approaching the past 2019 levels. We expect a very strong bounce back next year in particular, starting into spring and summer. And then the second point I will point out is that a lot of our Atlantic capacity is not going to the traditional core European markets. We've gone aggressively into the Middle East and Africa as well.  For example we have a new flight to Oman; we’re flying to Cape Town and Johannesburg, Lagos in Ghana. So our numbers as well appear in elevated across the Atlantic, are going into new revenue pools that we feel very good about. We feel very good about the pricing in those revenue pools. And we feel really good about the bounce-back in those revenue pools. And we're seeing that data already today.  So we're accounting for a slow Pacific recovery. We're accounting for strong Atlantic, with that strong Atlantic really is across multiple different entities within the Atlantic today, which allowed that kind of bounce back that we're anticipating.  And again, the numbers over the last few weeks have just been -- are really in the last weeks have been incredible going across the Atlantic. So we remain really bullish as we think we have the right plan and we think we've pointed the aircraft to where we can make the most money next year.
Scott Kirby: Well, thanks for noticing that, And you're right It has been uniquely different at United and at many other airlines, including all of our larger competitors who at different times have had operational challenges in the past year. And really the reason starts at the -- going back to the realistic assessments that we had all the way in February  February of last year because we thought this pandemic was going to last all the way through the end of 2021 it caused a different planning mentality, it caused a different management process, a very collaborative managing process,  we do 3 times a week now, 3 hours. So 9 hours a week where we're all together either in person or on a team’s meeting. Every single one of us knows what is happening in every single other department, and in many cases we just step into each other jobs if we have to. But that collaborative process in a really complex environment because this environment is really complicated when you brought the airline down 90% and then try to bring it back up.  That's really difficult to do. None of us in aviation have experience to do it. That process and that realistic assessment set us up well, it led us to make different decisions. We’re the only airline out there that negotiated a deal with pilots, for example. And then because of that, we can pull the airline down, keep everyone in their seat, keep everyone in their position, and bring the airline back up without having the kind of crew shortages or crew constraints that have affected other airlines. We’ve worked with our flight attendants on processes, onboard the aircraft just to avoid escalations and avoid some of the conflict that has happened on other airlines around masks and we had over a 50% reduction in mask issues this year. And our flights  just an amazing job, amazing professionals, that tone and the environment, it’s not that we have zero issue. But the tone and the environment on United is certainly different than what I read about in the press on other airlines, and we also metered them to grow.  We didn't try to get out over our skis and say demand is starting to come back and grow at a rate that we wouldn't be able to support. We've viewed that as risky to our customers and we've really changed the customer experience during this and we weren't going to lose it by trying to fly a few more flights.  So we just managed it completely different than has happened at other airlines. And you talked about the risk going forward, and I think looking forward, by far, the biggest incremental risk in aviation in the United States are vaccine mandates. United we did our vaccine mandate -- obviously  as a mandate, we did -- we were done with it before government requirements came in. So we did it purely for safety reasons.  But listening to other airlines that are now backing off those vaccine requirement and are going to encouraging employees to just all apply for an exemption and they're likely to have tens of thousands of employees that need to be tested every week. This is a rear view mirror for United, this is not going to be an issue.  But can you imagine you have tens of thousands of employees, people forget to get their test, people do the test wrong, people don't get it done, people test positive. And if you think whether in one state can lead to a meltdown, imagine if you have thousands of employees on one day calling in and saying for some reason, my test did not pass. I mean, it is going to be a huge challenge for airlines that are not implementing vaccine requirements. Customers can book with confidence on United. We're done with it. You can book with confidence on United. But, if you're booking on an airline that doesn't have a vaccine requirement they got government rules they have to follow and caveat emptor.
Scott Kirby: Well, Jamie, I’ll hand it to Andrew, who would better answer it than me, but most of it is supply demand.
Scott Kirby: The supply demand balance is just significantly different in the long-haul international wide-body market. Hundreds of airplanes around the globe have been retired, and those take a really long time to change and the supply-demand balance is more balanced. And it's as simple as that.
Scott Kirby: Well, I have like confidence to see if they, we'll get there. They've been working hard. I think they did a great job during the pandemic in really tough times. They also -- the same department was instrumental in bringing the tens of thousands of revenue back from Afghanistan. So I think we all should give kudos and credit the Department of Homeland Security, Secretary Mayorkas and the TSA for everything they are doing.  I'm pretty confident that we'll get there I mean, I think there are implementing vaccine requirements correctly. I mean, at the United, we have proven that if you just do it, if you put the requirement out there and you're not compromising, you're not wishy washy, you don't walthall backtrack. it gets over 99% and I think they'll do the same thing and we'll get there.
Scott Kirby: Well, the story I think it'd be hard to sort that out even if it was happening, but I would also say, I don't want that to happen. I mean, I don't give I want everyone to get back to  That's the right answer, for certainty that's the right answer for the country. I hope that every airline will stop backtracking and will embark to get everyone vaccinated like United Airlines has done. And so that it will not be a competitive advantage for us because it is, without question the right thing to do.
Scott Kirby: Well, again, I hope that they will, again, that track. I get all their voice actually, it is the right thing to do, but is unquestionably going to be operationally, really, really difficult. Tens of thousands employees they tested everybody.
Andrew Nocella: Jamie, I can add is that we just had a structural advantage when it comes to global long-haul, given where our gateways are. And this is the time for us to move forward and employ our capacity in ways that makes sense and profitable in new regions of the world and in some respects, I think we're uniquely able to do it as a U.S. flag carrier, and we're going to take advantage of.
Andrew Nocella: Jamie, I don't want to get into a lot of detail. There are certain countries around the world that you have fuel surcharges, their number meeting mandated. I in fact, they go up and down with the price of oil and it's kind of set by that countries to those exists. And then in other countries, we take care of it ourselves. I think we have done this under control, but the price of fuel, I think  is high.  By the way, we view the price of fuel being high as a sign that business demand is recovering as people get to work in factories around the world or amazing things. So that is a good thing. I'm not just some really a bad thing and that being said. When can we price through this higher-priced fuel is going to take some time as supply demand and melons was broken temporarily.  We're getting to -- I think the industry is -- well, I think United moves in the right direction. I think the numbers look a lot better as you get into next year, particularly as you get to the President's day and spring break holidays. So I'm optimistic about yield quality out then and like I said earlier, our yields for these upcoming holidays and early next year are positive, which is great to see.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. It's Andrew, we did during the middle of the pandemic opportunistically look at some point-to-point flying and we had that out there as we return to normal, which we're doing rapidly now, we are almost a 100% focused on our seven hubs. For all kinds of reasons, we think our best opportunities there and our best opportunity for higher margin are there.  And that's worth pointing to metal. So that's what you will see. We do have a little bit of point-to-point flying in our system is proved. what's left has proved very successful. So we will continue to do that. That is not our strategic focus. Our focus is on our 
Andrew Nocella: Sure  we timed that capacity to measure where -- or match where we think demand is going to be. So in early part of the year, it is continuing to be a pretty low number and the latter part of the year it is a higher number. We haven't finalized our budget for next year, so we don't have the exact numbers and our overall numbers at this point as you can tell.  The other thing to note, these are our deliveries for next year are heavily geared towards the latter part of next year's that won't really went in many respects. We really get started with the United Next in changing the game  gauge equation going forward. So we'll have more information on how the capacity meters in later this year or early next year when we've been finalized our budget.
Andrew Nocella: What I said was over the last week, we've seen our total bookings for domestic and four, the Atlantic and exceeding the same period of 2019, which is great to see. We have not recovered fully on business dropping and have a long way to go. We in a comment was the recovery on Atlantic business traffic is now similar to or in fact slightly ahead of the recovery for domestic business traffic, which we obviously feel really good about to see that number and see how quickly the Atlantic business traffic is recovering. over the last few weeks in particular.  But, the numbers are heading towards down 50%, but they're not there just yet. But, just looking at the trends of only the last few days, I would tell you our level of being bullish about business increased a lot. The numbers for the Delta variant costs things go down quickly, and now that we're past Delta variant.  It appears that they're going to go up, hopefully just as quickly. So it is a bit more volatile than I think we'd otherwise like to see, but we definitely like the upward volatility that we're seeing right now.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I saw the costs roll, track the capacity. So what you'll see and what we talked about in January is the first half of the year versus the second half of the year and you'll see as the triple coming back and the other aircraft come in.  As we hit the full run rate on the $2.2 billion initiatives next summer, you'll see the second half of the year being significantly different than the first half of the year. But you could essentially track the capacity to the 
Andrew Nocella: The latter, the international border open in, in the recovery that we're seeing over the last few weeks just leads as things. The process maximizing opportunity is to deploy those life's overseas and that's what we've done.
Andrew Nocella: Will be more up the Atlantic and Pacific, obviously, given what I said earlier. And so we are going for Europe and we've been in a bunch of new markets that are brand new to United Airlines. In fact, you are U.S. carrier fly, so we're really excited about those. But we've also announced more service to the Middle East with Amman  Jordan. We've announced a lot of service Africa, which is not really well. So pharmacies should expect more of that. So there's a lot of going on there and as well as South America, which we think is on to recovery, particularly Brazil in recent days, given the change there has looked really good across specific and, again, much slower.  We do expect across the South Pacific faster than the North Pacific, but we're really, really agile across the Pacific and be able to cancel down or broke then on the demand we see we have the best Pacific network of any U.S. carrier and we expect will bounce back first and will bounce back stronger. But that being said, we're going to be really careful when we choose to load that extra capacity.
Andrew Nocella: Well, it's Andrew, and what I would say is that the Delta variant clearly delays some offices returned. United today is hearing Willis Towers, so we're all back in our office, and when we talk to our corporate clients, we definitely see a hodgepodge and some are in and some are not but people are generally more and more returning to their office environment.  And what we've been told, a little look at changes, depending on the week is that we should expect really an acceleration of business traffic next year with a lot of end of demand, we a lot of clients that need to get back on the road and they're anxious to do so. And when they do so, they'll gladly have and I know I'm excited to get back on the road and have been traveling a lot more in the last few weeks. So a lot TBD. I can't exactly into that question other than the feedback we get is going to be very strong we also expect consumer demand our next year after being not able to travel as they would like for almost two years.  We think it's going to be really strong, including here domestically, by the way. We believe our profit maximizing opportunities are across the Atlantic right now into India, Africa, and the Middle East. But we also think there's going to be a domestic recovery. That's really significant, strong and in fact, hopefully by February, March, April is going to overcome this is much higher price of field and that's true directory on we feel good about it and that's our plan.
Andrew Nocella: Long term, I don't know. Technology is changing rapidly, but what I would say is we have really great CMC partners and they greatly helped us reach our SME market. And we use DBS is to provide all the content and we do this successfully. And in agreement with our major GDS contractors up until this point, I don't expect any radical changes.  Clearly there are those in the distribution network that would like to do things slightly different and we'll let those companies and those agencies tell us what they would like and we'll do our best obviously with all of our clients and all of our customers on to give them the best customer service we possibly can. But I do believe that TMC and GDS model are really strong and helped deliver high-quality revenues in United Airlines.
Andrew Nocella: Hey, Mike. This is Andrew. I would tell you it's probably a little of both, although we have really not started to materially change the aircraft mix from when we announced United Next, use a few months ago. So we a lot of that benefit from income in 2023 and beyond but there hasn't been an amazing amount of premium leisure business. Our being able to sell, being UMC sports in the first-class cabin and even in the main cabin, a little much higher load factors than we've done in the past. We're anxious to prove out that this is a permanent change, but part of it's  net.  There is more inventory available closer in for the seats because corporate travel hasn't rebounded completely. completely. So corporate travel is 100% and we'll have to see where the premium leisure yields are. I think we have to balance both  about would've better outcome given this change if any of this proves permanent, which we're again, we're bullish that it will be exciting to see. dizzy. It is pretty material in such a short period of time.  So we'll have to wait and see for sure because we need to balance that with the corporate demand when it comes back. But all that being said in the unlikely event, corporate demand is not 100%. We do have other levers to push and this one, as we come increasingly obvious over the last three months, as an opportunity to do something a little bit different and get some more revenue on board the aircraft.
Andrew Nocella: I just could add would have a lot of flexibility to move aircraft around, our aircraft or factories. And they clearly to move around wherever we need them to go, whether it be domestically or overseas. So were  out. I think we have proved that continuously throughout the entire pandemic.  And we look like we're getting back on track and getting back to our normal schedule deployment, which again is why I said it will be less point-to-point flying in the future. But we'll be flexible to do what we need to do both domestically and internationally and including around wide-body jets as they're not needed. Later this year but we'll wait and see.
Andrew Nocella: Well, would everything we've done in United we didn't gain share everywhere to make that really clear to you and all of our competitors. That being said, seeing right now is consulting and obviously very strong as they get back on the road and start helping businesses all around the globe. But we're also seeing rebounds across-the-board, but we'll think they're moving in the right direction.
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Andrew. What I would tell you that we needed to be really flexible as we went into this phrase, as we took the airline now to basically 10% within a matter of a few weeks and we learned a bunch of things about how flexible we can be in our process. That being said, to run an airline and this size, we need the process, we consistency, and we need to load our schedules early so that it's convenient to our customers so they can book with certainty.  And we have more or less, as of this week or next, returned to a normal schedule load process, where we we load our schedules 90 days in advance and the final is close to 90 days as possible. During the pandemic, that number was dramatically lower and net costs, a level of disruption that was unfortunate, but necessary, and we did talk to our customers about it and we did react to the relative and we ranked two it. But in every way possible to make it as a simple and easy to change reservation. However, in that problem should be in the past, very rate assumed, if not already.
Andrew Nocella: Yeah. In terms of cargo, we've obviously had a record quarter a record year, we expect that to continue well into the fourth quarter and actually beyond. Given where the country's sand in terms of the backup that supports, but also in terms of consumer demand. We're transport things by airplanes today than we traditionally have not and in talking to these higher Cargo team, we expect that to continue well into next year, if not all of next year based on where demand is for these products. And again, where the ports are and the services that we provide which are just, I think second to none on the cargo. And Leslie, if you look at our numbers, you can see there are numbers every quarter.
Andrew Nocella: No. At present we haven't we haven't asked are required our recent carriers to adopt our same policy. And you understand from a legal perspective, I have the right to require them to do it. But this is a process and they will work through in the same way that we did. And we know that they're very focused on it and we're confident that at the end of the day, that we good place on. But we have and are strongly encouraging them, pushing them to do the right thing for them to do as well. We just aren't in control.
Andrew Nocella: Hey, Justin. This is Andrew. There's really 2 components. 1 is the fleet. And how long it takes to get wide-body aircraft and configure them and put them in the air. And that is -- having done it here at United, it takes a couple of years. So when you used to retire our grounds, it's very difficult to reverse that decision get trained and acquire new aircraft replacement. It just cannot happen immediately,  But, secondly and more importantly is the fact that we're flying from what our seven major hubs here in the US. It's just to represent them full of international travel to and fro the country. Not only leisure business but business in a regular corporate business and so we just have a structural advantage on this front.  We're already the largest international carrier by far. We're able to successfully fly not only through our partner hubs, but just  all over the world. And you saw that with our recent announcement, including the new plays like Amman, Jordan.  And so we're simply taking advantage of the structural advantage we have as United that we just haven't been able to in the past properly do. But now we can and we're doing so in an era of I think tailwinds based on the fact the demand is back -- bouncing back rapidly, and our competitors across the board in that regard many, many large aircraft, many of them with large business captains.
Andrew Nocella: I will take that. We had stops or planned stop all cargo planes as we were  as we were going through the summer because of the rebound in traffic and the lack of our prep in the 777 supply. As we went through the Delta variant phase and demand fell, we did out to be a small number of wide-body to our Cargo team and they Jacobs lift and the client is all Cargo through the end of this year and that is doing extremely well.  We will likely bring that to an end, again sometime, late this year, early next year. All that depends on the return to service of our practical needs of a sudden. So we do see a lot of man on the front. The team is doing a great job and we're going to have a record year.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. We have a fleet of about 220 or so wide-body jets on and United Airlines, they all have large valleys with room for a lot of Cargo. We just haven't seen the need to supplement those aircraft with any all freighter versions of those aircraft. At that -- at this point in time. And just from a business model perspective, we can obviously take months or years where that makes sense, or a few individual routes. But the fact that we operated things is the second-largest wide-body fleets in the world. We have a ton of belly capacity that more than meets our needs.
Andrew Nocella: We will let -- this is Andrew speaking, we'll let it play out over time. But what we've seen over the last few months in particular is more of a willingness to spend a few extra dollars upgrade to a premium season. The main cabin or to fly in the first-class cabin are across the Atlantic. We've seen a better rebound in our business last cat into our leisure oriented route, such as the Athens or Italy this summer than we did in the main cabin, and I think people, a lot of consumers have saved money during the pandemic and made you referred in a little bit.  But it's also, neither great upgrades to the product. A big thing here at United is to make sure that we have a product for all of our customers from the top of the scale in terms of Polaris down to a Basic Economy customer and we can provide products across that range and that's exactly what we're doing. We expect to do more of that over time, by the way. And we absolutely know that there are certain customers that want that elevated experience. All their other don't and we will offer a range of product types that allows to do that.
