Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Let me point out that information in this morning's earnings release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectation. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, a copy of which is available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, Chairman, President and CEO of United.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Jeff. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Larissa, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Sarah Murphy: Okay. With that, we're out of time, so we'll conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call media relations if you have further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Goodbye.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, John. None of us is happy with our first quarter financial results, but all of us believe that our operational and customer satisfaction results for the quarter offer proof that we're taking the right steps in building the foundation for our future. We have high aspirations and the focus and determination to achieve them. Not only do we want to create the world's leading airline, but we want to create an airline that is actually a real business, a business that consistently invests in its product and customer service, a business that invests in tools and training for its co-workers, a business that competes and wins against its competitors and a business that consistently earns a sufficient return on its invested capital. We still have much work ahead of us before we can achieve these goals, but we're confident we're on the right path. I'll now turn it over to Sarah to open up the call for questions.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, there's a couple of things, Jamie. First of all, as you probably know, we've -- since 9/11, we've been working with the government to have a more logical and layered approach to security, and you recollect the old "trusted traveler" idea. Well, precheck is essentially that, finally. It's taken the government a long time. As you know, we do not control the TSA and we -- all we can do is talk to them and plead with them. But I must say I commend the TSA for coming up finally with PreCheck. It's an excellent product, and I would encourage every traveler who qualifies for it to do because it's superb. It's like the good old days, and it does indeed save time. We do offer Premier Line and Premier Access to our customers, which speeds them through, our Premier Lines, through security and also boarding at the gate. So we are very conscious of our customers' time. We do -- that's why we also do our very best to run a reliable operation to minimize the delays and to get people where they want to go on time.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Yes, sure. Right now, let me -- first of all, let me tell you that I think everyone knows that this is very frustrating for everyone, for our customers, for our co-workers, and we're doing our best to help our customers. As I mentioned earlier, we've got great folks not only at our network operation but our airports, working to minimize the impacts on the customers. And so far, we've been able to limit the flight cancellations to our regional operations, not the mainline. That's affects fewer passengers because the regionals carry fewer passengers than the mainline. But the delays are indeed affecting our mainline operations. At United, we -- this is so far affecting, on average, about 20,000 passengers a day, and of course, all of our competitors are experiencing similar effects because this is a network business. We're working with A4A, Airlines for America, which is our industry association in D.C. And this is clearly a network business, and the cancellations and delays will be cumulative. The longer this goes on for us and for all of our competitors and for all of the customers nationwide, it's going to have -- if it continues on, it will have an average effect on the industry and the economy as well. And at both of those, there's got to be a better way. Look, there are very good folks in Washington who understand what's happening and they want to fix it, and we're working with them in every way we can. But one thing I just want to make clear to you is that this isn't the fault of the air traffic controllers. I mean, they're doing their very best to manage flights under really difficult circumstances, and I want them to know that we support them. And we appreciate all they're doing to minimize the impact of the furloughs.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, we're certainly hopeful that -- well, we're certainly working with the good folks in Washington to make that happen. I mean, this is really important for our nation. This is something that, if it continues, it will damage our economy, it will damage jobs. This cannot continue, and I hope the good folks in Washington that we're working with will get that legislation drafted and passed and on the President's desk.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, we obviously are in contact within as much as we can be, and we have morning calls with them. But these are a bit like sort of pop-up thunderstorms, they are not predictable. The problem is there's no consistency to it, and it's very hard to plan for, Josh. The result of that is you can't effectively pull down schedules like you could in a storm system, where you can see it coming and then you can take action ahead of time. This is -- this pops up around the country fairly randomly, and that's what makes it so difficult and that's what makes it candidly so much harder on our customers.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Josh, I don't know. It just depends upon how this falls out. I think we'll be a lot smarter over time. I hope that we don't have to be smarter over time. I hope that our -- the folks in Washington will realize how severe this is. I believe they are realizing it and will take action to stop it.
James E. Compton: David, this is Jim. Weather-related capacity was down about 1%, and so we haven't assigned a RASM contribution to that. But clearly, that was one of the pieces of it. We've talked about the Easter shift, and we estimate that to be about 0.5 to 1 point of that RASM so that piece, we feel pretty comfortable with identifying. In terms of corporate, what I'd like to say is that what we're hearing from our corporations, first of all, and from our corporate travel managers is they're clearly recognizing the work the team has done in operations to bring back reliability. We're getting that feedback as we continue, as always, to have dialogues with them through the quarter. From a share perspective, though, I'd like -- we're seeing that recovery of the revenue that we lost last year. And so when you ask, where is that share gain, I'd say that share gain is positive versus where we're off last year, but we still feel we have a lot of work to do and to upside in terms of regaining what we lost last year. As well as by -- again, as I've talked to before, the dialogue with the corporations is not about the operational difficulties that we had last year. It's really about how we can bring value to their travel needs, and we think that has upside to us in the future also.
James E. Compton: John, I think it's a good point that you allude to. I think looking at RASM month-to-month basis, there's all kinds of things that can affect any individual month. So that when we talk about the 1 to 2 points last year, it's really a smoothing over the year of what we thought we lost, right? And so we talked about a year ago at this time, the first quarter with some items related to our cutting over to our revenue management system to a single optimizer, and we've talked about that, as well as some conservative booking around March 3 in PSS, that's attributing to about a 1-point RASM negative to us. And as you went through the year, I think different issues came up for the company. As you run into the second quarter and some of the stress that we put on our customers and our employees through the integration, the complication of the integration also affected our performance. And to your point, in the summer, particularly in July, our operational reliability hit its lowest level. So I think getting back to where I started, I think that we really feel that the 1 to 2 points in lost RASM points in the revenue associated with that was with a number of things last year, with the integration of the airline. And we feel comfortable we're on track in terms of regaining that, as first seen in our first quarter RASM performance. But still, we know we have a lot of work to do and really focused on getting all that back and again, building on the strength of the network.
James E. Compton: Mike, Jim. The -- I think our capacity and guidance is right in line with kind of -- with where we expect the yen to be and the demand associated with it. The Japanese -- those packages, particularly the Guam, are baht- and yen-denominated, and so we think our capacity is lined fairly well in terms of the demand, in terms of the passenger traffic through there. But to your point, as always, when I make the macro assumption that we'll monitor the environment and so forth, we'll do that at a regional level also and make sure that we adjust capacity based on the demand that we're seeing.
James E. Compton: Hunter, Jim. So the way we think about the market is, obviously, it's -- when we've seen competitors come into a market and lower prices significantly, it generates a lot of demand. And it's unique to us because we have such a great presence in both the L.A. basin, the San Francisco Bay area, and we've talked about our great presence in New York. But prices that have been lowered as much as 20% -- starting at 20% down, when you have great presence in those markets is going to generate a lot of demand. And so the way we look at it is that we want to make sure that as we generate significant demand, that customers that want to fly United have a seat and they can get it. I will say that we don't -- we think about that in terms of also our kind of overall strategy right, our overall strategy of capacity discipline. And so as you can see, as we manage ourselves in that market, we haven't changed our guidance, our capacity, and we find ways to do it across the network that, quite frankly, every day what we're trying to do is optimize the network. and I think that's what our goal is and that's what we're trying to do, when someone stimulates that much demand is make sure that we have a seat for our passengers.
James E. Compton: Jamie, this is Jim. Similar to H1N1 years ago, we actually have good flexibility in order to adjust our capacity. To this point, as you mentioned, the current flu, we're not seeing any significant booking away or any significant impact due to it. We, obviously, watch and monitor the CDC very closely and work with the field and so forth. But based on past experience, we've had tremendous flexibility to adjust, and I think, obviously, with the breadth of the network now, the flexibility is more enhanced in today's environment than even years ago.
John D. Rainey: Well, David, we talked about when we gave our CapEx guidance at the beginning of the year that there was a disproportionate amount of onetime items in this year. I think we said it was roughly half of our CapEx was more anomalous, sort of once-in-a-generation type items like building a data center or 2 new maintenance centers or maintenance hangars, like we are this year. Going forward, just sort of from a run rate perspective, we're going to continue to focus on our fuel-efficient fleet. We've got 700 planes, and if we fly those planes 25 or 30 years, we're going to replace 25 to 30 a year. So from a fleet CapEx, that's what a normal run rate will be. That's going to be a little bit lumpy from one year to the next. I think the real area of improvement is in the non-aircraft CapEx, and I would expect that to come down appreciably. We still do have some CapEx needs related to this integration, I mean one of the things we're doing is sticking 2 airlines, putting 2 airlines together. So it's not going to just plummet next year, but we do hope to see that come down in the very near future.
John D. Rainey: John, probably 2/3 of our CASM increase on a full year basis is related to the some of the mark-to-market on our new labor agreements, and that is clearly more one-time in nature. Going forward, you'll see more normal sort of standard yearly increases, and so I think this is clearly a blip for us. I think in a flat capacity environment, we ought to be trying to maintain our unit cost to something at an inflation level or below.
John D. Rainey: Mike, this is John. In terms of the costs that we can specifically ascribe to the grounding of the 787, we took a special charge in the quarter, which included about $11 million related to the 787. Clearly, there's some other kind of revenue impact, if you will, which is much smaller and is not necessarily included in special charge. But we're excited to have the plane back and get it back flying next month. It is a great airplane. And Boeing has been a great partner with us, and we fully expect them to continue to be.
John D. Rainey: First of all, Hunter, I'd say that we always look at what's going on in the oil market, and we are -- we take into account changes in the oil market with respect to our hedging strategy. What we've done, over the last year, probably is more what I would describe as hedging with a range bound mindset in terms of what happened to fuel. If you look at 2008, 2009, fuel ran up to $140 or whatever it was. Jet fuel, I think, was at the $170 level, and clearly, that created some demand distraction and you saw new sources of supply come on. And it appears now that the range that oil is trading in is much closer in. And so what we've done with our hedge book is reflect that, and so you see us taking these 3-way positions where we might buy a call at, say, for example, $110 Brent and then sell it at $125. And so we're protected in that range from $110 to $125. And so in your question, your example, yes if it goes to $140, we're not protected at that point. But I think what we've seen is that there's a certain amount of demand distraction that occurs at that point, and that's not something that can be sustained. And I think to insure for that is very expensive. Our hedge book today, we're about 34% hedged over the next 12 months, and we've spent $11 million or $12 million on the hedge premium. So I think it's a prudent use of our cash, considering that this is almost $13 billion of our cost structure, and it's something, I think, we're pretty thoughtful about. What you're seeing, in respect to the possible hedge loss, that's simply a mark-to-market swing from one month to the next, and we've seen prices come down appreciably here in the last week or so. And so as we mark-to-market that hedge position that doesn't get hedge accounting, that's going to swing the other way. We had a $50 million positive swing, a gain, this month and that could bounce back. But this is one way that we try to minimize and mute the volatility. As I said, fuel efficiency is another way. We spend a lot of capital and focus on that. And then lastly, I think we continue to believe that as an industry, we need to be able to price through our cost inputs. And that's one of the benefits, I think, that we've seen with some of the consolidation is a healthier, more structurally sound business.
John D. Rainey: Glenn, this is John. The agreement that there was a TA for, tentative agreement, that did not ratify was for the employees that are represented by the IAM, which is our customer contact and airport agents. That did not ratify, to your point. We're still's optimistic that we will get a deal there. I think that any time that there's -- something like that is voted down, we want to take into account the reasons why it was voted down and see if we can reshuffle the deck chairs and get something that is good for our employees and good for the company. So to the -- we still are optimistic about that and there is still some amount of costs in our guidance for the full year for that. With respect to...
John D. Rainey: It was reflected in the first quarter because we had an expectation that it would ratify. That's one of the reasons our cost guidance came in slightly better than what we expected when it didn't.
John D. Rainey: Yes, with respect to the other labor groups, obviously, we got -- made a significant achievement with our pilots in getting a JCBA there. We still need to get -- while we've had individual labor agreements with each of the 2 sides, on the flight attendant side as well as the mechanics side, we are working through the joint collective bargaining process there. I don't really -- I can't really give you an idea in terms of timing, but it's something that we clearly recognize our employees want and we want. I think all being part of one team and being under -- all rolling together is an important aspect of getting these 2 groups together.
