Jeffery Smisek: Thanks Zane. Our results in 2011 were solid. I’m proud of what my co-workers were able to accomplish in such a challenging year and I want to thank them all for their hard work. 2012 will be a very exciting year as we substantially complete our integration and continue to build the world’s leading airline; the airline customers want to fly, co-workers want to work for and investors want to invest in. I’ll now turn the call over to Tyler to open it up for questions. 
Jeffery Smisek: Duane, this is Jeff. Around the date of the cutover, we are taking some of the load off the airports, but that’s for a very short period of time. We are also obviously staffing up for that period of time, we’ve got a large number of people around the system who are experts in shares; they are called success teams around the systems, so we are confident about the cutover, but I think that that portion of it is actually fairly modest in terms of the revenue effect. 
Jeffery Smisek: Well, the main reason, the fundamental reason is we’ve moved to the shares passenger service system and the continental.com works obviously off of the shared systems. So kind of the main driving force with the overall system that we moved to, that being shares. Both websites are terrific websites in the market place. They both get really high satisfaction rates from some of the research and so forth and both sites have lots of functionality, lots of different applications and so forth, but really the movement to continental.com was driven by the fundamental fact that we are on the shares now.
Jeffery Smisek: Ronnie, this is Jeff. Our Houston hub is our largest by departures and its an incredibly important part of our network, its our gateway to Latin America. Latin America right now is a very strong entity for us. We’ve had significant year-over-year unit revenue growth. It is an important market for us; it will remain an important market for us. You’ve seen us recently announce a new international service out of Houston. We started Houston Legos (ph); we’ve announced Houston Auckland. I think you will continue to see Houston be very important to the new United. 
Jim Compton: Hey Hunter, this is Jim. I think a couple of comments on that. I would first say that I don’t think there was anything that was unexpected. One example I’ll give you is that in early December we moved to a single optimizer in the revenue management perspective. In preparing for that, we tool a little bit more conservative view in how we would handle bookings and so forth and that would have an effect on yield closer in. So not unexpected, so I want to be sure that I’m clear on that.  What we wanted to do was make sure that as we move into 2012 with the single optimizer, which is now forecasting from one system that we captured the synergies that we were expecting from that. So to your point, there are things that were happening. Still the other piece is that we are operating on two systems in a number of areas still.  As Jeff mentioned in his comments we are really looking forward to the PSS integration in March. That will allow us to begin to capture many of the synergies across the network. So I think your point is a good one, I think the synergies will begin to move quicker obviously after we’re passed PSS.  One of the things, and another example in that is that we are moving to the continental.com site we will be renamed united.com. So even through we moved past PSS, what we’ll quickly do is close what we call as some of the PSS gaps, so that on united.com there’s ancillary products such as premier line and other products like that that generate revenue that the continental.com sites did not have.  So there will be that period of time that we’ll quickly, working with our technology folks to get those applications on to the new united.com site, which again will give us a little bit of time to recapture that revenue to move on and then at the same point begin to introduce new products. So I don’t know if that’s helpful, but I would say things aren’t unexpected, but we realize that for operating under two systems in certain areas, its not only difficult for our customers, our employees, that does create I call it some friction to invest in the network that we’re working through and we’ll get it with PSS.
Jim Compton: Sure. Yes, I’ve visited with Jay already a couple of times, Jay Heppner (ph). I now have two Jay’s, so I have to distinguish between who is the Jay and I think in terms of progress loss, I think as the former United ALPA leader was sort of winding down, there was a period of time which we obviously couldn’t really make a progress, but now that we have a new leader I think we can. I visited with Jay about this, so he really does have a tremendous opportunity, kind of an inflection point here to be constructive and responsible and to move this process forward and I hope that he will do so. : As for other details of the negotiations or the pilots discussions regarding a senior, a single seniored list, I won’t comment on those, I don’t think it’s appropriate at this time. : 
Jim Compton: Yes, it really didn’t play. I would say I really never saw significant change I think, particularly over time as the market place I think understands chapter 11 and so forth. So I think what we are seeing on the corporate side is really related to the network and the strength of the network as our sales force gets out there and communicates the value of this new enterprise going forward. So anything that we see, its really we think directly, really related to vast and correspondent to kind of our sales force talking about the value of the new enterprise. : 
Jim Compton: Yes, I think that’s right. I think the networks change as people understand. You mean it’s incremental value the new United now brings. I think that you will see that volume move appropriately. 
Jim Compton: Okay Michael. Just a couple of thoughts. I think as you think about China, I think its more related quite frankly to capacity. So for us in Chicago to Hong Kong, Cathay started flying in the market in September and so forth and so there is that increased capacity.  We have Shanghai flying, so over the year we started at that, transferring. They operate at really high revenue performances, but I do think those are things that put a pressure on the PRASM in China relative to Japan, because obviously if we look at our Japan versus China we see significant PRASM relative to what we are seeing in China. So I think its more the capacity side than anything.  What we are really comfortable about at this point is one of the high level profitability those markets bring to us, but we are also seeing good strength in the premium cabin even as we look forward and as much as you like to see the book load factor, I’m always a little bit more happy that its in the leisure of things relative to the premium cabin. 
Jim Compton: It’s the Japan routes in there and as well as the Singapore, Taipei, I’m getting the list of the different Hong Kong markets that are off in that. So it’s a little bit, it’s a basket of different markets out there, now totally inclusive of all of the Pacific.  I would say that like the Trans-Atlantic it’s a phase-in type of JV, so a lot of the teams have been working very closely, harmonizing some of the pricing, quite frankly getting to know each other and how each company kind of thinks about the market place as we talked about the U.S. point of sale and ANA learns from that and we learn a lot from ANA on the Japan point of sale. So a lot of great work, but its a phased approach and its very early into the phase. 
Jim Compton: Yes Duane, this is Jim. I’ll just add to it with my comments about moving to a single optimizer right. One of the reasons we wanted to move quickly working with our technology partners and the revenue management folks is so that we can be up and running as quickly as possible. So we are actually, the forecasting we are doing for demand is now an improved system, a one system across the whole network. So to Jeff’s point, I think its really kind of a rounded data of PSS itself. 
Jim Compton: Yes, I thought we did pass the 2% in the Trans-Atlantic with about a 3.7% increase in PRASM. So I think in the Trans-Atlantic, really across our whole system, as you think about capacity discipline, we’ve always kind of – it’s very much adhered to capacity discipline, but also kind of stabled capacity and not having really big swings in capacity, because we think over the long term that’s the best way to manage directly.  We very much know that that work we have, you can’t duplicate it and the reason you can’t duplicate it, because it’s built through a global network. I mean it’s built because of those gateways that we have in particular.  So we take a long term view of these markets rather than kind of a shorter term view that we feel really confident about. I also think that as we move across PSS, the way we are thinking about it, is that we’ll begin to see how the traffic flows across the network, right and as traffic flows across the network and we are on a single code, a single optimizer, we’ll keep our due-diligence on watching capacity, but we also wonder too where that traffics going to flow as we move forward. 
Jim Compton: Right, so there is nothing there that’s sort of out of the ordinary, more than what I talked about with some of the pressure that you’ve seen on salaries and the benefit line and then sort of the natural shift that you see, as you move more internationally, as we walk through the course of the year, we expect to see a little bit of cost pressures across the line items, but nothing more than that. 
Jim Compton: That may just be a little bit of a mix issue as well, with some of the higher gauge regional aircraft and just shifting a little bit across the fleet there. 
Jim Compton: I think that’s right Jamie. I think we touched on the MileagePlus component as being a great growth story. This portion of that will actually not have the same seasonal attributes that I would say is the portion obviously tied to the airline dose. So you are exactly right and that’s where we expect to see the growth and expense, see the commeasure growth and revenue obviously on the other revenue line. 
Jim Compton: Kevin I would break out the aircraft portion from what I’d even call sort of aircraft related and other CapEx. Obviously even as you separate the acquisition of the new aircraft for this year, you still have a slight buy wave (ph) given all the improvements we are making in the products and all the improvement we are marking really across the fleet, whether its operational improvements or otherwise putting lie-flat beds on some of the light bodies and narrow bodies, so I would separate that.  We are clearly in a buy wave (ph) and we’ve also spread out our CapEx a little bit. We ended up a little bit lower than our guidance was for last year. So we are pretty comfortable with where we are, although I’ll tell you, we are a little bit higher than where we’d be normally and then the big bump that you see this year is driven by the 787s and obviously the 73s. 
Jim Compton: I mean, we are still comfortable with what our projections are and our ability to generate free cash flow, yes. I mean obviously it depends upon your definition about how you think about the new aircraft acquisitions, but we are quite comfortable with those decisions and obviously especially with the 787. I mean that truly is a game changer and I think you’ll see the difference on the operating line items. 
Jim Compton: Yes, a couple of comments. I think in terms of revenue retention, I think the revenue retention is there. I think it depends on the market and what we did. There are certain markets that we update with capacity given the new fleet that we have and to a certain extent its also like that piece of the up page is like a new market, right, that you wanted to school and build and so forth and you worked that and build it, as fast as the revenue management system learns about the capacity changes. But from a retention point of view we saw no loss in revenue given kind of aircraft relocation.  You know I think a lot of the things we did also were to drive PRASM was to do something that we think, particularly around holidays and thanksgiving and things like that, that historically weren’t done on one subsidiary that was done on the other. So all in all the changes we’ve made have worked pretty well. 
Jim Compton: I think there is clearly, to be frank that there is some learning curve. Depending on the market again we’re right sizing it and so at a market where the gauge went down and demand was there, obviously we saw the revenue performance relative to it pretty immediately, but where you’re up-gauging, you actually do need time to work in it and just let it spill out.
Jim Compton: Josh we don’t typically forecast that portion on the expenses, but obviously as you would expect, at least through the first half of this year you would expect to see a similar run rate I’d say. 
Jim Compton: This is Jim. I think its focusing specifically on Europe. We do see the book load factor down year-over-year. We are seeing strength in the premium cabin versus the economy cabin, which does say that the challenges in the euro zone, from the economics and so forth is having more of a difficult time on the leisure traffic, but clearly the business traffic, particularly out of the US is still relatively strong as we talk to our corporate travel partners. But there is a softening in demand as a result of the issues that are happening in Europe. 
Jim Compton: Well, our market share is very steady and we do see shares shifting among other carriers, but our market share is very steady in the New York area. For us its business as usual. We’ve been there a long time; we’ve been in markets; we’ve invested in the facility; we continue to invest in the facility over the years with lounges and so forth, so for us its kind of business as usual.  At the same time knowing that it is a competitive market place, so our sales force is out there as I mentioned earlier, talking about the value of this network and the value that it brings to the enterprise. But New York for us is actually a very interesting market that’s different than other folks, right, in terms of our ability to use that facility.  Its more than just about the local market, right. It’s a terrific connecting hub and most of the connections through our hub are actually international. So we are the only carrier that has really what I call the true connecting hub, single connecting hub in New York, so for us that’s strength. We see steady market share as I mentioned and we think the benefits of the network and as give PS, past PSS we will actually bring more value to the customer in New York. 
Jim Compton: We are about managing towards returns and so I want to be careful when I talk about market share, because what we are really trying to do is generate stable and sustainable profits, right and our New York strategy is going to play in that, just as much as it plays across our whole network. 
Jim Compton: Hey Ronnie, this is Jim here. A lot of those plans aren’t formalized now, but adding on to Jeff’s points now, we’ve launched Houston Lego (ph). Just last week our Chief Operating Officer there was breaking ground on Terminal B, Phase I expansion. So to Jeff’s point, its our biggest hub. Quite frankly our corporate travel business, the biggest factor is our energy business. So Houston is really important to us and its going to be really important to us in the future. 
