Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Krista. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to United's first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our Web site at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are our Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Leskinen. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with the Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks, Mike. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Krista, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks, Krista. And thanks for everyone joining our great call today. Please contact IR and Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Scott Kirby: Thanks Kristina. And good morning to everyone on the call today. Before we dive into our Q1 earnings performance, I want to start by talking about the issue that always comes first at United, safety. Safety is the fundamental pillar of our core for net safe, caring, dependable and efficient, and in that order. Safety is at the core of everything we do at our airline to make United a success. As you've read, the FAA recently began evaluating several elements of our operations to ensure we're doing all we can to drive safety compliance. We welcome the FAA's engagement and we are embracing this review as an opportunity to take our safety culture standards to an even higher level. As we undergo this review, I have confidence that first we have a strong foundation and a culture of safety here at United, including training, systems, processes and reporting culture, and that's backed up by our strong track record and success of our safety protocols. Second, through the FAA review, I'm confident that we will uncover opportunities to make our airline even safer. At United, we have the best team of airline professionals in the world and we're committed to embracing this opportunity to make the best airline in the world even better for our customers and employees. Now to our Q1 earnings. We delivered a strong first quarter and it's clear the United’s Next plan continues to put our airline on a bright path. Notably, we saw meaningful year-over-year margin improvement in the first quarter, and if the Boeing MAX 9 hadn't been grounded, we would've been profitable for the quarter. Our United Next plan continued to demonstrate resilience and challenging industry conditions as we faced further significant aircraft delivery delays. These delays are driving temporarily higher costs this year but we've been able to find ways to offset most of those headwinds. On demand, we see continued positive momentum and bookings across all customer segments from the most price sensitive customers to domestic road warriors and up to the premium global customer. Our cost management and clear demand for the United product continue to support our confidence in the United Next strategy in full year 2024 EPS of $9 to $11. In conclusion, I'm proud of the United team for delivering top tier operational and financial results. Thank you for all the work you do that makes us the airline that customers choose to fly. And with that, I'll hand it over to Brett.
Scott Kirby: Well, safety is the number one priority at United, but I also know it is the number one priority at all of our US competitors. This is one of the places where we don't compete. And one of the actually reasons that aviation is not just the safest way to travel, it is by far, the orders of magnitude better than other forms of travel. And one of the reasons is because -- and in safety, we share data with each other, we share all the incidents and events that happen and we learn from each other and that's what makes us so strong. I also know at United, we have a great foundation, a leading foundation and we're proud of it, of our training, our systems, our process and our reporting culture. But it's also true that there was -- while they were unrelated, a cluster of several high-profile events that have happened at United and in the industry. And I think that is an opportunity for us to take what is already -- to step back and take what is already a very high standard of safety and find ways to make it even higher. That's why certainly at United, we're embracing this as an opportunity. There are already a lot of things we've done but there are going to be more that we do, embracing this as truly an opportunity to take the already high standards to an even higher level, and I'm confident that we will do that. We can do that while running a great airline for our customers, for our employees and for our shareholders. We can do all those things at the same time and we'll come out even better on the other side, not just at United but for the whole industry.
Scott Kirby: I think the $7 billion to $9 billion is probably a pretty good number. And I think of it as we've ordered a lot of airlines more than anyone in history has ever done. And when you combine that with the supply chain challenges, as Mike described, is kind of a ballot, you have 40 airplanes that are supposed to be delivered in 2023, they got pushed to 2024 and none of them got delivered and then yet another 20 in 2023 got pushed and so now you have 60 in 2025. That also -- that wasn't just hard on the planning for us, it may things like our flight training center, really hard to run effectively, because constantly changing capacity plan, those are -- you're thinking about upgrading pilots and things like 18 month out decisions. So one of the things we attempted to do was level out the capacity, the aircraft deliveries, which we've done at approximately 100 per year. And so we'll have a lot -- at least a lot less variance, the standard deviation will be a lot less than it's been in the past. It's also kind of split 60-40 Boeing, Airbus, so there's a little more diversity in that number going forward. I don't think we'll take it out, but -- well, I know we're not planning to take it up because taking it up, drives things at the flight training center, just drives a lot of other complexities, this is just not worth it. I think the other thing that we will -- I know that we're going to do now and going forward is build a little hedge into or build a bigger hedge into our schedule. And like if we think we're going to take 100 airplanes this year, we're going to only put 90% or some lower number into the schedule. And if everything is on time and on plan, then we'll have a few extra spares around for a couple of months. That will cost a little bit but it doesn't cost nearly as much as overstaffing by 40 airplanes. And so I think it will give us not just certainty on CapEx, it will give us a lot more operational certainty for running everything better and more efficiently.
Scott Kirby: I'll try. I don't think we know for sure yet. I think we've got three airplanes that are coming in the next few months. They're MAX aircraft MAX-9s, three aircraft that are coming in the next few months, and we'll continue to work with the FAA on -- I'm going to change that. What we're mostly focused on, though, that's not what we are focused on. We are focused on figuring out everything I said in this call, how to use this -- embracing this process as an opportunity to get a new higher standard for safety. And as we go through that process, there will be some point along the way where we'll start taking aircraft deliveries again, but that is absolutely not our focus nor should it be our focus.
Scott Kirby: First, the delivery delays are 100% of the issue. And the main focus has been less about changing the policies and processes, but really making sure that everyone keeps safety as a top of mind awareness. And spending a lot more time with the leadership team out talking about it, really making sure that safety is top of mind awareness. Now we, of course, will go through with the FAA and go through a pretty rigorous process and we continuously look at ways to improve safety across the board, and that's continuing. It's at an elevated level right now of looking for ideas but that's not something unique or new that is -- we have hundreds of people whose full time jobs are doing that day in and day out.
Scott Kirby: That's, again, the way we would think of this is about going through a process to make it better using this as an opportunity to create a new higher standard, and it will conclude when it concludes. We're not going to predict the time.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Andrew. And thank you to the United team for the tremendous effort as we work through the grounding of the Boeing MAX 9 fleet and entered the peak spring break travel season. In the first quarter, we produced pretax loss of $79 million, a $187 million improvement over the first quarter of last year. Our loss per share of $0.15 was better than our guidance and well ahead of consensus expectations, driven by both strong revenue results and disciplined expense management. The grounding of the Boeing MAX 9 fleet negatively impacted our earnings by more than $200 million and without it, we would have had a profitable quarter. We also generated $1.5 billion in free cash flow and our adjusted net debt to EBITDAR of 2.7 times is back to pre-pandemic levels. These are strong results in what is our seasonally weakest quarter and they provide another proof point that our United. Next plan is working. Before I turn to the outlook, I'd like to address the changes we made with Boeing and Airbus, to optimize the delivery skyline. Boeing's repeated delivery delays had created an impractical bow wave of aircraft deliveries that both United to address, and we have. In 2024, we now expect to take delivery of 61 narrowbody aircraft and five widebody aircraft. This compares to our contractual deliveries of 183 narrowbody aircraft at year-end and the 101 aircraft we were planning for at the start of the year. Due to these fleet changes, we now expect full year 2024 total capital expenditures to be approximately $6.5 billion, down from $9 billion at the start of the year. We've also made changes to level out our fleet plan for 2025 through 2027. This modified fleet plan allows us to execute on our long-term goals while also smoothing out the pace of deliveries and our annual CapEx spend. We've converted a near term portion of our MAX 10 deliveries scheduled through 2027 into MAX 9s. Additionally, we have signed letters of intent to lease 35 new Airbus A321neos with CFM engines scheduled for delivery in 2026 and 2027. With these changes, we now anticipate taking delivery of approximately 100 narrowbody aircraft on average each year during this three-year period. This delivery schedule provides fleet renewal, steady growth and addresses the bow wave of aircraft delivery delays that had been building. These changes bring our total adjusted capital expenditures in 2025 through 2027 to the $7 billion to $9 billion range in each of those years. Balancing our United Next growth plan and managing the business towards positive free cash flow remain top priorities. And with the rebalanced skyline, we are targeting positive and growing free cash flow over the next three years. While we will provide an updated long-term earnings target later this year, we are confident we are on a path to higher earnings, better margins and materially stronger free cash conversion. Now turning to costs. Unit costs trended as expected during the quarter and were up 4.7% year-over-year on 9.1% capacity growth. As I mentioned, it was challenging to re-optimize our expenses with the uncertainty created by the MAX grounding and continued delays to our aircraft deliveries. While our underlying costs are consistent with our forecast at the beginning of the year, it's important to understand that the continued reduction in capacity from delivery delays will continue to temporarily pressure our CASM-ex for all of 2024. As we entered the year we built a business plan for a larger airline, and deliveries have fallen more than 40 aircraft short of our expectations. We continue to incur most of the expenses as we hired for that capacity despite flying fewer ASMs and it is driving almost a point of CASM-ex pressure. We are working diligently to reduce these costs as much as possible and our higher completion factor has helped offset some of it. For the second quarter, we expect CASM-ex to be similar on a year-over-year basis versus the first quarter. Given our expectation for costs and our current outlook for revenue and fuel, we expect second quarter earnings per share to be between $3.75 and $4.25. We have great momentum. Our United Next plan is working and the future for United and our industry has never looked brighter. Our margins are already near the top of the industry and we still have significant and unique network and gauge opportunities in front of us. United has never been in a stronger competitive position. We have developed a wide variety of products that are compelling to a wide variety of customers. And as a result, they are increasingly choosing to fly United. I remain excited about our future and believe we're firmly on track to deliver $9 to $11 in earnings per share this year. With that, I'll pass it over to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Mike Leskinen: I'll take that question. Andrew, as I said in my prepared remarks, our net leverage is currently 2.7 times -- our net leverage is 2.7 times, which puts us back in the range of pre-pandemic levels. In fact, in 2019, we were at 2.5 times, in 2018, we're at 3 times. As we look at the path forward, I expect to see continued deleveraging. We also have -- we also still have some high coupon debt outstanding. A piece of our MileagePlus debt, $1.8 billion becomes prepayable in July, that debt is still yielding over 10%. So that will be my near-term priority is to take care of that debt. After that, with the -- on our way to investment grade credit metrics, we're going to have a tremendous amount of flexibility and we'll revisit other uses of free cash at that time. But you're going to have to stay tuned.
Mike Leskinen: Jamie, I'd encourage you to measure profitability and our relative profitability, that's certainly what we're focused on here in United.
Mike Leskinen: And I do want to kick off the question by reiterating how important generating free cash over the long term is to us here at United and we understand too our shareholders. So that is something we are balancing. We gave you a range for CapEx of $7 billion to $9 billion. We gave you a range because it's an acknowledgment that there's some uncertainty around the OEM delivery schedules and production rates. We also are managing this business to maximize profitability. And so make no mistake, we'll manage our deliveries as well in a way that captures the macroeconomic environment at the time. In three years, a lot can happen in three years. As I think about uncertainty for '25 and '26 in a stable macro economy, 787 production rates can -- Boeing continue to increase rates, that's going to be really critical also for the 737 line, are they able to increase production rates. So we'll watch that closely. I want to be clear that what we are giving is our expectation. Our expectation builds in some hedge that production rates don't increase at the rate that Boeing hopes. There is -- so there's upside risk and downside risk to CapEx as a result. I think we're going to be managing that $7 billion to $9 billion range, and that's why we wanted to share that with all of you today.
Mike Leskinen: And for our growth rate in 2025, '26 and '27, you're going to have to wait for Investor Day later in the year. The 100 aircraft, we have the ability to fly some of our older aircraft longer. And given the delays from Boeing and Airbus, I would expect again, macro economy dependent that we would continue to fly our existing fleet until end of life when they're at heavy checks. But we always have the optionality. If yields are not strong to early retire some of those aircraft and it's an economic decision when an aircraft is late in its life to early retire some of those aircraft that are less fuel efficient and very heavy maintenance. So I think of that as flexibility we have in the event of a macro event. But if there is absent a macro event you should expect us to sweat our assets until end of life.
Mike Leskinen: I would say you need to think about labor costs and when we lap and annualize some of those labor costs. So that would be the number one factor you should put into your model around differences quarter-to-quarter. Number two, the CASM ex impact of flying 40 less aircraft than we planned for this calendar year, you should expect those costs to linger. As we get into the back half and particularly in the fourth quarter, some of those costs begin to moderate, but you should think about Q2 and Q3, those costs continuing to weigh us down. Again, we will offset with the great operation we're running as we see completion factors move up we’ll offset partially. But those costs don't go away overnight. And I'll use this as an opportunity to also to talk about some longer term cost initiatives that we've started since I've taken over in the CFO seat. Number one, tech ops, there are significant opportunities for us to drive efficiency in our tech ops driving efficiencies in our supply chain by optimizing the volume of parts we purchase and improving the rates we pay for those parts. So we're undergoing a significant initiative there. I think the run rate you'll see from that initiative is more like 2025. We're also undergoing a significant procurement bottoms-up evaluation. We're going to go through waves going through different vendors to make sure we have best pricing in the industry. I think this is going to be in the fullness of time, measured $100 million-plus and cost efficiencies. Again, that's more like '25 and '26. But when I talk about unique United opportunities, I would put this in that category. And then finally, I'll highlight that we've got significant opportunities within our technology organization to help drive efficiencies throughout the full airline. But one that I'll highlight is moving a lot of our mainframe computing into the cloud, that's something that you don't save the cost of moving to the cloud until you shut the mainframe down. So many cases, we've moved 70%, 80%, 90% to the cloud, but we still have to maintain that mainframe with 10% or 20% of the systems on that mainframe. So there's a little taste. We'll give a lot more fulsome answer at our upcoming Investor Day.
Mike Leskinen: I would just say that all of the above, domestic leisure has been really strong. And despite that historically being an area where we were less than -- we had less of a exposure than some of our peers, we've done an incredible job. Now business demand is clearly continuing to come back and that's wind in our sales from a relative perspective. So I think as we've said, it's been the theme of the call, the current results at United are very strong but the future is even brighter. So feel great about business continuing to drive our relative results.
Mike Leskinen: I think by level loading, our aircraft delivery schedule and making skyline stable, we're going to be able to better match our flight attendant, we're going to be better match our pilot hiring. So that the inefficiencies that we're discussing right now around, again, the 40 less aircraft we have for this year, those inefficiencies will work themselves out. And so that's what's critical to this. But in addition to our overall cost structure, when we think about the inflationary world that we've been in, that pressure is going to -- the industry is going to continue to face that. But at United, we have the gauge benefit and that gauge benefit will be metered in a smooth way. So I feel very excited about that.
Mike Leskinen: I will repeat what I've said in the past. MileagePlus, it's a crown jewel in the assets we have here at United Airlines. It was a critical source of collateral during the pandemic. But the dream is that it is recognized the value of that asset, the value of that business, especially as we grow it, is recognized in our equity market cap. It's not there today. You're going to see us continue to give more and more disclosure, more and more transparency to that business. You're going to see us share more and more details on the growth plans we have for the data in that business. And eventually, if we get no value in our market cap, we'll take more aggressive actions. I've been a consistent message on that and you'll hear even more at our Investor Day.
Andrew Nocella: As I said, I mean, corporate was strong across the board, not just in London Heathrow to be clear. We saw strength domestically and around the globe. So it's great to see. We saw, I think, nine of our top 10 corporate booking days this year in our history, which is also really strong. So really across the board. The strongest industries are professional services, tech and industrials, but every -- I think just about every sector was up in the numbers this year. And I just think it reflects on where that's going. And as I said in my earlier script, Q1 corporate is really important to us. And the fact that Q1 is gaining strength, corporate is really very good for our outlook for future Q1s.
Andrew Nocella: Well, it's hard to follow that. I mean, on the tactics, the one that I would bring up at a very high level would be, we went into the quarter not trying to maximize aircraft utilization, particularly in seasonally Q1, which is weaker. We went in trying to maximize our profitability and I think it works. And I'm really proud of the team for all the changes we made across the network because I think they're incredibly effective.
Andrew Nocella: Well, as Scott said, the United Next vision here goes across all quarters. But in Q1, we definitely did see a lot of opportunity to continue to take advantage of things that were in our control. And within our control is the ability to continue to pivot the airline to more sunshine type markets like Florida and the Caribbean, and we did so, I think, with great success. In Las Vegas, we put in that category as well that our capacity deployed there was incredibly effective. The other thing is we knew off-peak periods in Q1, it's not a time to max by utilization. And we took this opportunity to reschedule the airline to make sure that we were not offering unproductive capacity, and I think that worked very effectively. Below all that or above all that, how you look at it, was just the core building of connectivity across our hubs. It's working exactly as we intended to do. We still have ways to go on this front. It will be 2026 or 2027 before the connectivity reaches, I think, our desired levels. And so we're pretty bullish on our ability to continue to outpace domestic RASM growth offered up by or competitors.
Andrew Nocella: We continue to drive the United Next strategy. And you're absolutely correct, the aircraft that we'll take delivery of come with a lot more premium seat options. Our premium mix this year is up 1.1 points year-over-year in terms of revenue, which is, I think, a very significant change in a very short period of time. And we are going to continue to push that, but we're also going to continue to push Basic Economy. So our premium mix is up, while our Basic Economy is up and that's exactly the kind of the recipe we're looking for in our diversified revenue streams. And briefly on the global network, it's second to none. It's number one across the Atlantic and number one across the Pacific. And the changes we've made have just been, I think, pretty productive and efficient and accretive, and there's actually quite a bit of more of that to come. So I don't know if that exactly answers your question. But the outlook, I think, is very bright. The premium revenue strategy is working incredibly effectively and we're going to continue to push it and we think there's more room to close that gap.
Andrew Nocella: What I would say is we continue to believe that there's ways to further diversify our revenue streams and segment them. And we continue to believe that there is more opportunity for premium products that we don't have on board the aircraft today. And those incremental premium products, I'm not going to announce it today, but I can tell you, you have many teams of people work on how to further innovate and provide more and more choice and to monetize that choice on our behalf, obviously, in the future. So I think that headline was just a hint more to come and a lot of people working hard at United to make sure that we can differentiate ourselves not only from our US competitors, but many of our competitors around the globe.
Andrew Nocella: There's a lot of moving pieces. So I'm not going to specifically answer the question. Our market share across every single one of our hubs is obviously improving and improving quicker than our capacity this year. This year, we're domestically, I think the next six months are growing less than our competitors, it's TBD on what our competitors are going to do. But we're focused on delivering the United Next plan we've created and all the value that's being generated from that. And our coastal hubs are the second to none as we've talked about a million times. But getting our core Mid-Continent hubs up to their critical connectivity levels is a big, big focus and it’s just paying back dividends left and right, and we think it will continue to do so. What exactly our competitors do, I just don't know. We will continue to face struggles on the delivery schemes from Boeing and Airbus. But hopefully, as Michael talked about, we've built in the appropriate insurance plans for all of that. So you can say better on plan…
Andrew Nocella: Well, we're always trying to make MileagePlus miles more useful for our members so they can enjoy the benefits. And there are a number of members that alone couldn't get that trip to Tahiti or wherever they're trying to go and the pooling option allows them a better chance of doing that. I think it comes at a minimal no cost to United but it definitely enhances the value of the program. It's, I think, pretty unique among the largest airlines and we look forward to seeing how it goes. So we urge you to pull your family members and see what you can do.
Andrew Nocella: I would say, yes, we are seeing progress. The one place we look to the most is Germany and core Europe, and that's still trails. So hopefully, that will continue to move forward. But I think we're seeing really progress across the whole globe on rebalancing and being a little bit less dependent on the US consumer to drive the global network.
Andrew Nocella: Just at a really high level, I would say that the [cap is] up domestically, I think is rough as in probably Q2, but gets better in Q3 and particularly better in Q4 is our estimate based on what we look at. So I think that is a nice trajectory. Second, we added a considerable amount of Asia Pacific capacity middle to late last year. And so as we lap that capacity, so it's now fully spooled up, we expect the line to improve. And as we make capacity adjustments to unproductive capacity in that region, we also expect that's going to show some improvements. And that follows always through Q1 of next year. Latin America, the capacity picture has been particularly difficult for the first half of this year. As you all know, the second half looks, I think, very different. And so I'm optimistic that Latin is going to turn the quarter in Q3. Although Q2 is still a very -- [poor] results. And in Europe, I think we've really sharpened our pencil, we paused growth for the most part this year on purpose. And I'm particularly optimistic based on how we deploy capacity that Europe is going to look fine. So I'm not giving you the exact numbers, but that's how I look across the globe and see what's happening and think about positive or negative trajectory by region.
Andrew Nocella: I'll start off with that. I'm not sure I agree with the premise of your question. I think our core partners have the highest standards when I think about ANA and Air New Zealand, to name a few. And also think that Lufthansa has the higher standards, look, they've gone through a number of strikes recently, which has been think rough on Lufthansa, the team and the customers, but I think they're behind that now. And I think their commitment and all of our commitment to customer service is actually pretty consistent. And we're so proud to be in joint ventures with each of these airlines. And we sit around the tables, I'd like to say, without lawyers and we work through difficult problems, and we talk about how to make the level of customer service more and more seamless each quarter. That being said, we are from different countries and different cultures and we have different ways of approaching our business. And quite frankly, we think that some of those differences are really important. They reflect who each of these airlines are and their unique identity. So we don't -- we're not trying to harmonize across every single product detail on how we build alliances. But that being said, I do think we have a similar alignment of customer first and going forward. And we -- and I’ll also plug in, we have the best alliance partners with the best hubs around the globe, which is one of the reasons that we have the leading network, and I think we're more profitable in this global network relative to our primary competitors.
Andrew Nocella: I'll add one incremental fact, Helane. The growth in Polaris load factors has been pretty significant year-over-year. And the growth in premium load factors across the board at United Airlines, our paid premium load factor was up 9 points year-over-year in the quarter, which is amazing. But as we revenue manage all of that, we kept all of the premium leisure passengers in their seats as we added more corporate into their seats. So we were able to do both. And that is one of the reasons for the great execution in the quarter is that we see corporate rebound in, but we see the desire for premium products by leisure customers continue to be strong.
Andrew Nocella: What happened in this [indiscernible] case is during the pandemic, we had very high free load factors in some of these premium cabins, and that number is coming down more towards…
Andrew Nocella: As we head into the summer season, we expect strength across the board and in the United network tilt in terms of our best seasonality towards Q2 and Q3 and particularly across the Atlantic, across specific and TransCon within the United States. So we expect all of those entities to perform really strongly this year. And everything we have in terms of data right now, I would say that's where we stand.
