Jeff Smisek: Thanks Zane. Well, we're pleased with our results this quarter. We're more excited about what's to come. We're doing the hard work necessary to create the world's leading airline. Our goal is to create an airline that will provide great products and services for our customers, stability and rewards for our coworkers and sustainable and sufficient profitability for our shareholders. We have much more work to do. And it will take us considerable time. But I am confident, it will be successful. With that I'll turn the call over to the Tyler to open it up for questions.
Jeff Smisek: Well, Jamie, first of all just to be clear, we are not dragging the process out. This process takes time and we've got workgroups. We don't even have a consistent union that we can negotiate a common union. So we don't have any intentional dragging out. We got to make sure that we got to deal with certainly company increment and turning our coworker to well. We are going to pay competitively we are going to pay fairly. That's very clear and we will take a look over the market is determining that. But that's our goal and we will take the time that takes to get there. But we are working hard to get there as fast as we can. And the second think I want to say, I think, Jamie you are such a smart business driver. You fly United exclusively.
Jeff Smisek: No, I don't think it changes things for us at all. Actually we are very comparable with where we are we have a good fleet today. We have a solid aircraft ordered not only for a narrow body aircraft, but for a widebody aircraft, we've got a lot of fleet that is coming off financer off-lease. Over the next four years, we have lot of fleet flexibility. Our intention is to continue to take modern fuel-efficient aircraft and retire older aircraft. And so we're very comfortable where we are and Americans decision doesn't change in any course.
Jeff Smisek: The synergies that we talk about in general are net synergies net of dis-synergies and not having an agreement. It doesn't affect our net synergy target obviously. We'd like to get agreements promptly. I think it's good for the company, it's good for the enterprise, it's good for the culture, and we're working hard to do that.
Jeff Smisek: The technology integration actually is the integration of a large number of different platforms. We have roughly 15 base platforms and of course a lot of other related (software). So the timeline is over an extended period of time, because of all the different things we're doing. For example, our revenue accounting system, we will migrate to that, I believe, in November of this year. The more customer facing aspect, which is the passenger service system, we're working on now with our partners at Travel Port and Hewlett Packard, HP. And we will migrate to a single passenger service system in the first quarter of next year. In terms of our reservations, the call lines have lengthened in terms of talk time. And that is for a number of reasons, including consumer's normal interest and some degree of confusion from time-to-time relating to the merger. And so the whole times have lengthened and we're addressing that. We've bought back a number of our folks into our reservation group and we're going to bring back some additional folks, because we do need to get the whole times down. And the whole times down are just because of lengthened talk times. And that the issues are more complex, because of the merger. And we are going to address that. We're in the process of doing it now.
Jeff Smisek: We're going through the process between now and throughout 2012 to get things done. I don't think we're public on each and every one of the items. But it's a considerable long process. We're making sure that the customer facing issues are done well. And of course we're making sure all the issues are done well. It's a considerable timeline, but this does take quite a bit of time. We try to get some things that will produce for us the highest value earliest and with a lot of focus on this.
Jeff Smisek: Well whenever Congress is in session, we're always at risk. We are, Helane as you know, we are a brutally over taxed business as it is. We're taxed more heavily than alcohol, tobacco and firearms. And on an average 20% of the consumer's tickets domestically goes straight to the government. So we're always at target. Our mini business is a target. We hope that given the over-taxation and all the regulations to this industry that they want taxes even more and we'll be of course working hard to prevent that.
Jeff Smisek: No. What I'm saying is we need to integrate the carriers, but that's not the end-goal of what we're creating. What we're creating is a spectacular airline with the best network in the world with a globally competitive product, great service and a great culture, which of course leads to great service. So the integration is something that we need to do. We are working on. We are working diligently on and a lot of people are working very hard. What I meant by that is, that isn't the end of what we're doing here, what we're creating is a world's leading airline.
Jeff Smisek: Well the discussion with our various work groups have nothing to do with a single operating certificate. The single operating certificate is ongoing right now with the FAA. It's a point at which we can legally and safely operate as a single carrier. The discussions with our workgroups are completely unrelated to that. And we are currently on tract to receive our single operating certificate by the end of this year.
Jeff Smisek: Well I'm not sure there are big roadblocks anyway. It's taking time for our various workgroups to select their representatives with whom we can bargain. And as reflected their new unions for example we start the negotiation. Those, for example, such as our pilot group who are above ALPA, we've been negotiating since about August or so of last year. And we continue those negotiations. It's just that these are on both sides are mature labor contracts with different outlooks. There are some kinds of some political elements involved as well, with the labor organizations and these things naturally take time. I'm still very focused on getting things, again I hope to get some deals done by the end of this year. But because of the pace of representation election reference and that the matters, some of the agreements will slipping to next year. But we are very much focused on it. We've a lot of people working hard to get it done.
Jeff Smisek: Mary Jane, I'm not going to talk about this specific of any workgroup and discussions with them, but the target remains to get a deal done as quickly as we can. I would love to get a deal done by end of this year. I don't know whether we'll be able to do that. It does take two to tango.
Jeff Smisek: Jeremy, I think from a corporate global front, obviously our U.S. point of sales is our strongest presence and so forth in the U.S. based carrier and that. But I think what we're seeing is again pretty consistent corporate demand that we've seen during into course of the year. So, do not see at this point any significant change in the demand that we've seen during the first six month of the year. I will think it's been average fair driven. And I mentioned that in my comment. And so those, the fair environment remain strong and the demand say is at about where we've seen it over the last six months.
Jim Compton: I think I'll describe it is more seasonal than anything. The couple things that obviously we focus on should always managing the booking curve from the revenue management's perspective and so forth, but also the next six week outlook is a really strong peek period in the trans-Atlantic, as you kind of move through the second-half of July and August. But overall we're seeing kind of the demand that we've seen, that's been relatively a strong demand environment continues. So I think that relative to growth factors more than seasonality.
Jim Compton: Both from the data perspective, we look at the corporate and we see kind of consistent demand and environment there. The sales team once again had a corporate advisory team to keep the dialogue going with our corporate partners and so forth just recently concluded that. And really the discussion within there, and the things we heard from the corporations was that it's kind of right now business as usual, tight to that kind of slow growth subject to kindly what you're seeing in the economy and so forth. But really no change at least at the margin right now. But you are right, September is out there out there and for me to comment on September is too far out there versus the kind of the business outlook. But what we hear from the corporations is it kind of business as usual right now.
Jim Compton: We're very early in the stages now. We're beginning our planning process right now. From a process point of view and I don't think anything is going to change about our focus on the macro-environment and keep an eye on where fuel price are and so forth and obviously our transportation. And so over the last couple of years, we've had a good record of capacity discipline and given the environment and that'll keep focusing on that capacity, at this point as we look out forward. But we're just right now beginning the process with the planning. So it would be early to comment on 2012 specifically.
Jim Compton: Yes, the both United.com and Connell.com continue to perform very well. And both have seen sales growth over the most recent period. We don't really put out our guidance in terms of share versus, for instance, OTAs and that. But both Connell.com and United.com has seen significant growth over the first six months of the year.
Jim Compton: Well we're not disclosing details of the agreement. I will say that we're excited to have reached an agreement with Travelocity that allows our customers to have access to full fares in schedule. But we're not commenting the specifics of the agreement.
Zane Rowe: Sure Jamie obviously, we are benefiting from the synergies and a lot of hard work by all the teams here and you see some of that improvement through the course of this year. It's premature for us to weighing on 2012 as it relates fairly to cost. I will tell you as we restructure the business and restructure the network you may see some elements that actually apply some cost pressure and yet make sense for us to do for instant economy plus taking seats out of the continental subsidiary aircraft as well as the lot more international flying that may actually put some cost pressure on the network and yet yield a better result for us. So the teams are all working quite aggressively at managing expenses, we were not at a point but we were ready to give 2012 guidance just yet, but we feel pretty good about the progress we are making today.
Zane Rowe: With regards to the fleet, obviously, we're accessing all of our aircraft requirements and have significant flexibility. But I don't think, we've been out talking about actually putting down a fleet type at least not at this point.
Zane Rowe: Hunter, we're not going to, give much guidance on that one just yet. We'll offer our overall CapEx guidance probably early in the fourth quarter as it relates to our 2012 deliveries.
Zane Rowe: Sure, Duane. I'll touch on the revenue portion. As we look at the Atlantic side and obviously there is a number of currencies involved, but just generally speaking it helped on both the Atlantic and the Pacific. On the Atlantic side about 3 points of our revenue increase was FX change year-over-year. And on the Pacific side about 3.9 points to that increase was due to that. We don't typically mention the impact as that relates to the operating margin, but that's about the amount right there.
Zane Rowe: Sure Helane, this is Zane. Our net debt at the end of the quarter was just over $14 billion, down from $15.8 billion at the end of the last year.
Zane Rowe: Jenna, I don't know. We work hard, and we'll get agreements done as prompt as we can that said. We need to make sure that we maintain our competitiveness and which contract that are fair to the company and fair to my co-workers.
Jim Crompton: Yes, in terms of merchandising I do think there is significant upside. As we developed technologies that allow us more and more at customers and to kind of, be part of that experience to travel with them. So I do think, not only are there more products, but I think how we presented the products that we have today. And how we kind of bundle those together and I think that drives, I think a lot of opportunity going forward. And the teams really focused on. The synergies there were, obviously those merchandising synergies as we brought the two companies together and I think of that separate from the overall opportunities that's happening on the merchandising side for us.
Jim Crompton: Gary, yes, I do think we're getting the value of the JV. A lot of the revenue we're driving through the JV. But our partnership with the times that of Germany is quite significant and the amount of connection that are new to the network that is not there before and so forth. So I do think that there is tremendous value coming from the JV. I also think that the JV works very well together. As I mentioned in my comments that if the JV as a group is also keeping it's eye on the macro environment work capacity. And so we've made some adjustments as a group to manage that. And then the third thing is JV structure has a structure within and that the base gears and move, and so that as you move through it a new base is set. And so it's built in a way that all partners can always move toward an equilibrium and that's the goal. So yes, the benefits are there on the revenue side. We've clearly, again in this second quarter, as I mentioned, outperform our partners and there is payment, but we're very optimistic and we're very excited about the future of the JV.
Jim Crompton: Yes. That's Q2, so we'll keep monitoring as we go through the year, and keep measuring it with the measurements that we've set up.
Jim Crompton: Sure, I think that from the perspective with skyline we're comfortable with the skyline we have plus the availability of the skyline from our partners. We are very good partners in both Boeing and Airbus and we're comfortable with that. In terms of our ability to raise the appropriate capital to take deliveries, I have Gerry Laderman, will speak of that in just a moment.  And in terms of the fleet, what's important to us to have very good onboard product and when we're investing in it and as you'll see number of additional announcements in the future on our investments in our onboard products and in our service and we're more than happy to compete against American or any one with our network and our fleet and our product and our people. And with that all I'll ask Gerry to speak to the capital management.
