Scott Kirby: Thank you, Kristina, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. Before I discuss our financial performance for the second quarter, I'd like to first address the operational challenges at Newark at the end of last month. I am extremely proud of the people of United for all they did to recover under very challenging circumstances. Our pilots, flight attendants, gate agents, contact center teams and others went above and beyond to inform and assist our customers in an extremely stressful situation. We are now doing more than ever to mitigate the impact of weather, congestion and other infrastructure constraints at Newark, and frankly, to build a schedule at Newark is more manageable given the frequency of weather events and the very real operating constraints that exist there even on blue sky day. Brett will highlight just a few of those changes shortly. But we have already put them in motion, we’ve already starting to improve the working experience for our people and travel experience for our customers. A bigger picture, this quarter was yet another proof point that our United Next strategy was correct and is working almost exactly as we expected. Over the past couple of years, I've talked a lot about three exogenous constraints facing the industry. But also the fact that those very constraints and challenges are going to set the table for improved financial results for the airline industry. One, pilot shortages; two, supply chain disruptions; and three, infrastructure limitations. At United, we have control over the first two constraints, pilot and supply chain, and we mostly got ahead of the curve and had minimal issues there. But we're probably as exposed or the most exposed to the infrastructure constraint since our hubs are in some of the largest and most crowded airports in the country. So now we're taking even more action to give us the ability to operate more reliably despite the infrastructure constraints. That means we've had to lower our capacity plans for the second half and therefore, raised our CASM-ex guidance. But the reality is that our CASM-ex will be better than it otherwise would have been because there's nothing as expensive as running an off-schedule operation and these changes are designed to get our operations, particularly at Newark, working at a level that reflects the fact that it only has one set of parallel runway operating in the most crowded airspace in the world. The flip side of this coin, however, is that these exogenous constraints were also the basis of our United Next strategy, and it is off to an incredible even record setting start. This was an all-time record quarter for pretax earnings and EPS on an adjusted basis. This performance reflects our success in building a strategy to, one, aggressively hire pilots; two, grow our Mid-Con hubs; three, upgauge our domestic fleet; and four, expand our wide-body fleet and international exposure in response to the trends that we identified at the beginning of COVID. Importantly, we now expect to deliver earnings per share of $11 to $12, even with incremental conservatism in our cost in the back half of the year. The vision and strategic outlook that we first identified nearly three years ago is happening. Cost convergence is happening, which has changed our business dramatically on the domestic front. Long term, positive structural changes to the international markets are also apparent in our results. We continue to anticipate that the GDP relationship between airline revenues has been reset higher due to cost conversions and will continue to improve. The outlook for United and our United Next strategy is incredibly bright, as highlighted by our financial results this quarter. This quarter demonstrates that we're ahead of our planned targets and the challenges to emphasize that the industry backdrop gives us a clear path to our 14% pretax margin in 2026. As we march towards that goal, we're focused on setting the airline up for success. I'm also pleased that we've reached an agreement on an industry-leading contract with ALPA. The four-year agreement once ratified will deliver a meaningful pay raise and quality of life improvements for our pilots. Thanks to the team for getting this across the finish line. We are well on our way to being the best airline in the history of aviation. United Next gave us an unbeatable head start on that goal as long as we execute and execute we will. Thanks again to the United team.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Brett.
Scott Kirby: Well, first, most important thing is to get Newark working effectively. And we've done some tactical things at United already. We've got some more changes that are coming that are in the schedule that are kind of embedded in the cost that Gerry talked about. But I think the biggest thing that has happened in Newark just this month is a level of communication, coordination with the FAA is the highest it's ever been. That does it was planned. And our thunderstorms are tough. And if there's thunderstorms, they close departure routes in an airport, you're going to be canceling all flight. But if you can plan in advance and not have airplanes in the air, you wind up not having to divert airplanes. And that's where you get in trouble as we have to do that.  And the best stat to me is, this past weekend, our team would tell you that the weather in Newark was worse than it was that last week of June. But because we were closely coordinated with the FAA, we had advanced planning. We had to cancel a lot of flights while the weather was over Newark but we were able to immediately start the recovery as soon as the weather was passed. And in total, we canceled 77% fewer flights. And so Newark is going to always be a difficult airport. It's got two parallel runways, 40 departures on one runway, 40 arrivals per hour on another. That's a flight every 1.5 minutes. It's about the most we can do. And it's in the most crowded airspace in the world. But I feel really good about where we are and where the FAA is with us on getting the most out of Newark when those events do happen.
Scott Kirby: The short answer is, yes, the new contract does address that. It is also -- it's interesting, it's the first time that I've ever known it to happen in the airline industry. And it's one of those interesting artifacts of so much growth at United. In the past, you spent 10, 12 years sometimes before you get your first shot at captain. If you didn't take it on the first shot, it might be another five or six before we came around again and so everyone took it. But now our pilots have enough confidence in the future, I think, as they should in that they can wait and let their seniority go up a little more, which helps the quality of life. And so we have had not as many captains as we’d hope upgrading. It hasn't affected capacity yet. It is going to impact capacity in the fourth quarter. That's all in our numbers, by the way, already. But the good news is the contract, I think, fixes that. It depends. I'm not sure how long we do we get 100% back. I think it will be the second half of next year. The union leadership thinks it will be a lot faster than that. But somewhere in that timeframe, we'll get back to a full level of captains. That's a transitory issue that's already in our numbers, but we're on a good path.  And the one data point I have is our first captain -- our most recent captain gate closed last night, and it was meaningfully better, and they haven't even seen the new country yet. They just know that there is direct. It's already made a difference. And this is a unique issue that will be in the rearview mirror sometime next year.
Scott Kirby: It was a mistake. And the best thing I learned at the Air Force Academy was to say no excuses sir or no excuses ma'am in this case and move forward, and that's we'll do here. 
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report that for the second quarter, we delivered the highest quarterly pretax earnings in the United's history of $2.2 billion. Our earnings per share of $5.03 was also an all-time record. And in addition, we produced a record second quarter pretax margin of 15.3%, 3 points higher than second quarter of 2019 and ahead of our expectations. This exceptional performance was driven by stronger-than-expected revenue and lower-than-expected fuel prices.  The severe weather at the end of June, which drove multiple consecutive days of strained operations, did lead to a 1 point reduction in capacity for the quarter. We also incurred incremental disruption related costs that weren't anticipated at the time of our guidance. The capacity loss and added costs led to a CASM-ex impact of approximately 1.5 points for the quarter. Excluding this impact, until June 24, we were trending below the midpoint of our CASM-ex range for the quarter, an indication that our core costs remain under control. And for the rest of the year, the operational and scheduling changes that Brett discussed have reduced our full year capacity plans from our prior expectations, and we now expect full year capacity to be up approximately 18% versus 2022. Additionally, our CASM-ex guidance now incorporates an expectation of additional incremental costs in order to address the operational challenges. Specifically, for the third quarter, we expect CASM-ex to be up 2% to 3% with capacity up approximately 16%, both versus the third quarter of last year. When combined with our results for the second quarter and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we now anticipate our full-year CASM-ex to be up approximately 1% to 2% versus last year. However, just like the second quarter, outside of the revisions I discussed, our core costs for the rest of the year are trending as expected. Furthermore, our CASM-ex expectation for the year continues to include the impact of our recently announced agreement with our pilots. Turning to earnings. The strong revenue environment and moderate fuel prices continue to provide strength to our bottom line. For the third quarter, we expect earnings per share to be $3.85 to $4.35, with a fuel price of $2.50 to $2.80. More importantly, given our second quarter performance and third quarter outlook, we are raising our full year earnings per share expectation to the top half of our previous guidance range of $10 to $12. On fleet, we took delivery of 20 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft in the second quarter and paid for 10 of those aircraft with cash. We expect to take delivery of 28 737 MAX aircraft in the third quarter and also look forward to our first Airbus A321neo later this fall. We continue to expect our full year adjusted capital expenditures to be approximately $8.5 billion. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $21 billion in liquidity, including our undrawn revolver. We are comfortable with our current level of liquidity, particularly given the uncertain macroeconomic backdrop. In the second quarter, we opportunistically issued $1.3 billion of enhanced equipment trust certificates secured by a pool of recently delivered Boeing MAX aircraft with an interest rate of 5.8% which was attractive in the current interest rate environment. Additionally, we prepaid $1 billion of floating rate debt, which carried a current coupon of over 9%.  Our adjusted net debt is now down almost $3 billion since the end of 2022 and $6 billion since the end of 2021. With the reduction in debt and the improvement in earnings, at the end of the second quarter, our trailing 12-month adjusted net debt-to-EBITDAR ratio improved by a full turn to 2.4x versus the end of the first quarter, putting us back to where we were prior to the pandemic and ahead of pace to achieve our target of less than 3x by the end of 2023. We also continue to expect to generate positive free cash flow for the full year, including the impact of our new pilot agreement. In conclusion, we are encouraged by the trends we are seeing and believe we're adequately mitigated against additional operational risk in the back half of the year. I'm extremely proud of the United team for delivering our strong financial results. Six months ago, when we first announced our full year EPS guidance, we were met with skepticism from some of you listening. Now more than halfway through the year, as we increase our EPS guidance, I hope all of you are as comfortable as we are with the value of the United Next plan, where we continue to march towards meeting our long-term path target in delivering for our customers, employees and shareholders. And with that, I will turn it over to Kristina to start the Q&A.
Gerry Laderman: Hi, Catie, let me take a crack at that. So let me talk first on the cost side, where -- what you saw us do for the second quarter, third quarter full year is adjusted CASM entirely related to the operational disruptions, which is why I wanted to emphasize that costs aside from that, our core costs are trending right in line with our expectations. So the variance versus our prior guidance is all attributable to this. So the way to think about it is about 1/3 of that CASM variance is related to the actual incurred costs from the disruptions and 2/3 just related to the capacity adjustment. The overall impact in the second quarter versus our forecast prior to June 24, I would call it about 1 point of margin is what we lost in the second quarter because of the events. And we've incorporated our expectation on lower capacity in our EPS guidance for the third quarter and full year. And so it's fair to say that -- but for those adjustments, our guidance for the full year of top half of the range, yes, it could have been a little bit higher because of those changes. But that's the way to look at it.
Gerry Laderman: No, Jamie, that's -- we can't right now because it really depends on the forecast. We can help you and anyone else offline with your spreadsheets on how to think about how profit sharing might best be sort of incorporated if you want.
Gerry Laderman: Scott, all we can tell you is that all profit sharing that we expect are incorporated in our full year numbers. That's the best way to look at it.
Gerry Laderman: Sure. Let me answer that. It's very early in the planning process. So this is all very preliminary. But we do know about some of the headwinds and tailwinds that we're going to see as we start putting together the plan on the cost side. Headwinds would include the full year impact of the labor contracts and contractual increases. Inflation, which, by the way, what we're seeing now is a moderation in inflation. We've got constraints on growth due to infrastructure. And one of the big ones, and you'll actually see when we file the Q our expectation for aircraft deliveries next year. Back in December, you may recall when we announced the wide-body order, we gave some multiyear expectations on deliveries and CapEx. On the narrow-body side, now that we're that much further in, we have a -- what I describe is a clear expectation on aircraft deliveries. I think for the total, including eight 787s, about 110 aircraft next year. That's down from what we showed you in December. But by the way, if you recall, that CapEx number of $11 billion for next year we had in December, just counting aircraft, that's going to be closer to $9 billion and $11 billion of CapEx, a good guide, particularly when we are looking at free cash flow for next year. But bottom line, I would say that with a variety of tailwinds we have as well, which would include improved utilization, improved productivity as our junior workforce begins to gain some experience. Putting it all together, right now, six months ahead of next year, I would say we're targeting high single-digit capacity growth, and in that context, targeting flat CASM-ex for next year. But much more to come as we get into the planning process.
Gerry Laderman: Helane, just as a reminder, that kind of cost, which improves customer experience is also in our guidance.
Gerry Laderman: Let me just talk about the financial impact first. So as I mentioned earlier, that disruption effectively cost us 1 point of margin in the second quarter.
Andrew Nocella: I guess I'll add on a few more details. First, I think we're in the really early stages of the United Next plan, and our results this quarter give us a lot of confidence. We're on the right path. But I really look at all the details. And when I look at them all, what I would tell you is, one, the MAX 10 and the A321 are really important to our plan. They're large single-aisle narrow-body jets that everybody knows has superior economics, and we don't have a single one in our fleet today, and that's a gap we will close. We've already increased gauge by 20% since 2019, more than any other U.S. airline and 8 points more than the industry and yet we lead in unit revenue performance. The United network has been under-gauged and we've said that over and over again. And our ability to add low unit cost planes at high marginal RASMs is now well proven and will drive earnings. Larger gauge, of course, gives us the ability to manage our overall unit cost down in a way others just don't have the ability to do, in our opinion, and this again is a unique advantage to us. We think our gauge growth in the coming years will be faster than any of our competitors based on the public [sheet plans] (ph) that are out there. Of course, all of our mainline jets will eventually have a signature interior with seat-back screens and Wi-Fi. These jets have higher NPS scores as a result. These jets also come with larger first class cabins, more economy plus seats. They provide our customers with more options to upgrade and choose their ideal onboard experience while generating increasing levels of ancillary revenues. The pandemic clearly created a boom in premium leisure demand that we see today and these passengers often purchase an upgraded experience. As Scott said, we have a large order book of narrow-body jets. Boeing and Airbus are largely sold out until the end of the decade. We can use these planes for growth or we can use them for retirement depending on conditions. Also, as Scott said, and I think really, really important, the international long-haul environment is just structurally different. This cycle for our business will have higher international margins versus domestic, a reversal from pre-pandemic. United has the largest international network amongst U.S. carriers. And as a result, we're going to benefit the most. No other U.S. airline has coastal gateway hubs like United. Our hubs are where most of the business class premium demand and cargo demand enter and exit the United States, and they have superior geography for connecting traffic. This advantage is largely unique to United. Of course, we have a larger order book for wide-body jets, as Scott said. Our domestic connectivity is not where we want it to be. We know we can close it and we know what the margin gains are going to be for that. And while we continue to use regional jets, we won't over rely on them. Cargo is an amazing strong spot for us that really helps fuel our global long-haul growth. The other thing I'd say, and I think this is really important, is all United hubs are producing strong profit margins. And we have the option to grow these hubs with our large narrow-body order book, which creates a different paradigm for United than most. Simply, we start with a strong foundation to support our growth and neither must we shrink a hub to profitability or seek to grow a hub with sub-power margins, and I think that's a really important setup for us. As Scott said, constraints to growth continue. Cost convergence is now well documented.  The other thing I'll add, United is far less reliant today on contracted corporate business, and that business has clearly been slow to return, but that doesn't mean it won't. If it does, the legacy business model will benefit the most. Further, NDC is changing distribution in the space as passengers with more flexibility -- want more flexibility in when they travel and how they travel and are increasingly preferring to work directly with United on our industry-leading app. More and more often, individual corporate customers pick the airlines they want to fly on versus the purchasing manager at their business recommendation. This change in consumer behavior is locked in during the pandemic and now seems irreversible to me. Of course, we're focused on our high ground and our last advantage, of course, is our great team innovation.
Andrew Nocella: Well, that's largely a domestic question. And I think our domestic environment has done well. As you know, in Q2, we really just hit it right on the head in terms of our guidance for the domestic entity. And in Q3, our performance looks to be very, very similar. So we're pretty pleased by how Q3 is setting up. I just think with where we are with our brand, our network, our upgauge, we're carefully from an RM point of view, determined in our policy. And as we started Q2, we decided to hold out and book later in the curve. I think that proves right. And as we go into Q3, I think this guidance would tell you that we don't see a change. So I'm sure there are other things happening in the environment that are both positive or negative. But we don't see a change in the Q3 environment of down a little bit for domestic PRASM is entirely consistent with the Q2. And so we don't see a change, and we see steady and strong demand.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I think that's a really good question. Look, what I would tell you is our international RASM in Q2 and profitability was well above even our very lofty expectations from April. As we head into Q3, the year-over-year comparison is different than Q2. And during Q3, most of the world was already easy to travel to. Where in Q2 '22, travel was still limited. And that will make a difference in our year-over-year comps. When we compare versus 2019, it's easy to see that Q3 is tracking very, very close to Q2. So it looks really good. So not unlike domestic, we go into Q3, expect an amazing performance but tougher RASM comps year-over-year and RASMs that are roughly flat. Profitability is going to be amazingly strong. Latin America is going to be the weakest. But to your question about the Atlantic, it looks really good, particularly demand to Southern Europe. And that's motivated to a lesser extent our seasonal flying to Southern Europe well into Q4, which we didn't normally do. But as you can imagine, and again, to your question about the Pacific, given our announcement earlier this week, on adding four new Trans - direct routes this fall, you can imagine we're most bullish on Asia. As a result, we moved capacity into the Pacific, including our first-ever nonstop flight from San Francisco to Manila, a third daily flight to Hong Kong, the second daily flight to Taipei, and we're resuming our L.A. Narita flight. We also expect that Japan is going to remain strong well into 2024 as it did not fully reopen until this spring.  So in summary, we see - Asia is going gangbusters, and we're really happy with where it's at, and we've leaned into it. And overall, for international exposure, what I can tell you is we were -- in Q2, we were up 2.3 points in terms of percent of international ASMs of the company versus 2019. And in Q4, we're going to be up 3.1 to 3.4 points to show you how much we're leaning into the global long-haul environment because that's where we think the revenue is right now.
Andrew Nocella: Well, I won't go through my long list of what's unique to United, again, I think that may be a little bit too much. I would love to, but look, we're looking at the numbers for Q3. What I would tell you is that there's clearly been some shift out of Q3 into Q4. October is, I think, setting up to be a stronger month of the year than it was in 2019. And June is now the strongest month of the year itself. So that is causing some shifts in seasonality and margin, I think, for United and for the industry. But overall, we just -- I think we have a really good setup. Our international system is just performing outstandingly. There's not like a single part of the globe, a single part of the network that's not working. And we've leaned into it really strongly. And I think that's shown up in the results. And on the domestic front, I think this is just -- we have the right aircraft in the right places. New York City, in particular, is doing dramatically better than it had been in the past for us. So we're really pleased by that. And all the hubs, as I said, are profitable and performing well. So we just think very good capacity plan and a really strong environment.
Andrew Nocella: We're not going to give guidance for Q4 today. And look, what I'll tell you is that and I already hinted, October, I think, is seasonally strong relative to 2019. We spent a lot of time refining our third quarter forecast. We're obviously already at the top half of the range, and we look forward to refining our Q4 forecast, but we're not going to do that today.
Andrew Nocella: Well, I'll start, maybe Scott wants to add on to it. First of all, we think there's just been a structural change in the international capacity relative to GDP that's very different from 2019, and it will take years of changes of fleet growth by the industry and us to actually make that change. So there's nothing that we see that's really going to change the structure back to what it was pre-pandemic, anytime soon, if ever. So it's a really good reset of the ball. We're investing a lot in our product. We actually -- we talked about the elimination of the old business class seats million times at United. Well, as of today, we are only flying the new Polaris seat on all of our wide-body jets all over the world. So I think that's a lot of progress. And we continue to focus on the customer and doing the right thing on high-speed WiFi, you name it. And I think our brand is better and better positioned to compete not only here in the United States but around the globe with an award -- just leading partners in every part of the world recently adding Virgin Australia in the South Pacific, which is new and very helpful to our growth down there, and of course, Emirates in the Middle East for that region of the world.  So we've set this up really well, and we are confident that the international environment is our strongest long-term opportunity. We have a lot to do domestically in the short and medium term as well, but the international environment is really set up well.
Andrew Nocella: I'm not going to give you the exact number. I'm going to say they are well above domestic margins, and we expect for this cycle for them to remain well above domestic margins. So look, our domestic margins are very solid, too. So I don't want to say anything too negative about that. I think international is just performing really well because of the structural change that happened during the pandemic.
Andrew Nocella: In regards to the flights, our summer schedule normally is about 435 flights per day. In August, we expect our schedule to be well below 400, somewhere in the -- I think, the 390 range.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Let me five it a try. The normal schedule in Newark in summer, which has been the same schedule for many, many years pre-pandemic is about 435 flights per day. This summer, we are scheduling about 410. And this August, we're going to bring that down to 390. We are in constant conversation with the FAA about Newark and its overall ability to handle capacity, and we're going to work collaboratively with them to try and figure out the overall level of flight activity. I expect that level of flight activity will be down from our traditional 430 flights per day in the summer until we can come up with a creative solution to the constraints that we're all facing there. So hopefully, we will return to that bigger schedule in the future. But for next summer, I do think that we will have a smaller schedule, and we will operate a reliable schedule, and we're going to do that in cooperation with our partners at the port and the FAA and the Department of Transportation to make sure that we get it right for all of the customers that fly in and out of Newark and New York City.
