Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Zane. As this quarter's results demonstrate, we're delivering solid financial results while making significant progress integrating our 2 airlines. This is a challenging industry with significant competition and a brutal level of taxation to overcome. That said, we have the right network, the right product and the right people to deliver on the promise of the new United as we work together to create the world's leading airline.  I'll now turn it over to Tyler to open up the call for questions.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Yes. You're right. We don't really guide to the revenue performance. I think that if you look at the third quarter in terms of where yields are at and I think we see the environment relatively stable. And so we feel really comfortable with kind of where the fare structure’s at as well as bookings.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, it's a curious thesis, Hunter, but one I don't subscribe to. I think that it's like any other tax, right? And then it will size carriers because it's like any other tax. But it isn't sizing for example, through matching capacity demand and being able to appropriately price the product because the price that we have to put in for the tax, of course, we don't receive any component of it. And therefore, it's not the same as a price increase in response to a market demand, et cetera. So in terms of where it impacts the JV, I'd leave that up to -- Jim probably could give you more color. But clearly, Lufthansa has more exposure within Europe, obviously, than we do. But it's -- I think it's a net negative for the industry and it's a particularly difficult thing because it is truly is the beginning -- could be the beginning of a crazy, “patchwork of regulation and taxation” to try to remedy issues with a mobile and global emissions source such as the airlines and that's clearly much better handled by [indiscernible].
Jeffery A. Smisek: Hey, Josh, this is Jeff. Look, the 747 has been a good aircraft over the years for United. However, it is a fairly fuel inefficient aircraft. Now overtime, we would like to replace it with more modern technology and we intend to do so. We don't have an aircraft that we can replace it with right now. And for example, we are putting streaming video in the economy section of that airplane to improve the inflight entertainment experience for our customers today. But in the long run, we will be retiring that aircraft from our fleet.
Jeffery A. Smisek: It will take many years because we don't have anything to replace it with currently. We've got A350s on order that we begin to take in 2016. So it'll take at least to be in the course. That's just the beginning as we undertake those aircraft. So it will be over the course of this decade as we put those aircraft down and take replacements.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, Mary Jane, this is Jeff. As you know, Continental had a and has a good aircraft order for its network and United has some airplanes as well on order. But neither carrier really had the right order for the combined network. And as we continue with refreshing the fleet and bringing in modern and fuel-efficient airplanes as we continue to invest in the product, we are going to need some additional mainline aircraft. That's something that we're visiting on right now. And when we're ready to announce something, we will announce it.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, what we're looking at -- one of the things we're looking at basically, is just the fuel efficiency of modern aircraft, maintenance reliability, dispatch reliability, customer-pleasing attributes, et cetera. So it isn't so much a bet on growth as much as it is. We have a lot of older aircraft coming off leisure, off finance that are not fuel-efficient that we do want to replace. And we'll also obviously model out where we think the number of aircraft that we will need over the long run and -- but we're not really in a position to discuss that publicly yet.
Zane Rowe: No, Mike. What -- the only guidance we've given is 2011, and you are correct in that the CapEx has moved down moderately. As we look at the integration and integration expenses and how we spend that money, there's mostly just timing differences there. And we continue to be fairly thorough on how we view CapEx in the company.
Zane Rowe: Sure, Mike, it's a good question. When we calculate the return on invested capital, we go back to the more traditional sort of textbook approach to calculating that, which is how you derive the 12%. But if you're asking about the weighted average cost of capital, that's obviously as you highlighted driven by a number of variables. We estimate depending on betas and a number of the inputs, but that number is somewhere between 8% and 9% for us.
Zane Rowe: It depends on how you're looking at that but on a gross basis, I think, we're expecting moderate improvements and have actually, I think, taken a good first step this year and obviously, we expect further improvements next year. On the labor side, we don't typically get into what we're accruing for or what we're not accruing for. So a lot of that is just based on our sort of gap assumptions at any point in time. So I guess from your perspective depending on how you're modeling it, you may see some lumpiness just on the expense side.
Zane Rowe: It's about -- it's less than 1%, probably about between 0.5% and 1%. And again, we're working through, obviously, through with our tech ops group on the schedule and it's how quickly we roll it out in 2012. But less than 1%, I think, will be the impact on 2012.
Zane Rowe: Glenn, this is Zane. We're in the middle of our budget session. So just for all the people at United listening, all categories are good opportunities for improvement. Honestly, Glenn, as we balance between the integration opportunities here, as well as just the normal budgets, we're going really line by line and seeing where we can be more efficient, learn from both subsidiaries and build that into the plan and we're in the middle of that process right now.
James E. Compton: Yes, Kevin. This is Jim. Right now, we're really comfortable with our holiday bookings. And the comp to [ph] the demand is looking good over the holidays, particularly the peak days, which we’re also revenue managing those days. And in addition, and kind of in line with our capacity discipline strategy, we're taking a lot more aggressive approach on kind of day/week cancellations, particularly in the sub UA network this Thanksgiving versus the past. So looking at the holidays, we feel really comfortable with where we're at.
James E. Compton: Hey, Gary. A couple of points. This is Jim. First of all, on kind of our performance. Our performance has also been tied to the capacity discipline so we made adjustments obviously even in the third quarter. So our RASM performance in the third quarter trans-Atlantic of the 7.3%, I believe, is actually our best year-over-year of the quarter so far this year. And I think that's a function of reflecting, being ahead of the fact that the demand and some of the economic issues in Europe and everything adjust capacity. So that strategy, that nimbleness, as Jeff kind of mentioned in his comments, will go forward. And then the other piece with the JV, the 2 -- both companies, the structure has both network teams very much in communication with each other. And they look at opportunities. They look at the challenges, right? In the past, we've seen things as -- done some day or week cancellation, and by using our partner Lufthansa over Frankfurt, but still served the markets, right? And so been able to do a lot of things like that. That's an example of how the 2 companies have worked together. And so I think the things that you're reading today of the capacity, the 2 network teams are always in contact with each other to try to kind of optimize the JV across the trans-Atlantic.
James E. Compton: Yes. Obviously, there's a length of haul and things like that, but I would say, yes, they're relatively close [ph].
James E. Compton: Jamie, this is Jim. Yes, I think on the corporate side, we talked about demand being relatively stable. I would say it's directly also related in to our corporate business overall. We talked about that 13% increase in yield. And so we're seeing kind of that stable corporate demand. And as you know, Jamie, the window is relatively close in because of the booking curve of the corporate demand. As I look through kind of the different corporate accounts, I think, on a relative basis, there is more of softness in the financial services and so forth relative to -- for instance, the pharmaceuticals, which we have a terrific presence over on the Jersey side and so forth, as well as the oil industry and some of the consulting. On a relative basis, yes, I think there -- we can obviously see some of the softness in the financial service.
James E. Compton: Yes, I think the team is really on kind of a good timeline. We're in the first phase of really explaining the value to our corporate partners of this new network. And so I think we are seeing some of the initial things that -- Jamie you referred to kind of a natural as you bring these networks together generating corporate share. But we're actually very early on to it and we're getting really good feedback as the corporate team is working with the -- talking about the value. For instance, in New York -- it's more about the local market for us in New York, having the only connecting hub in the New York area. So I'd like to think we always have a seat for our high yield passenger. The RNP manages that. And so we have that high-yield connecting in New York as well as the local. And so the network, the integration brings a lot of that to the table. So we feel pretty good about where we're at.
James E. Compton: Hey, Bill. Yes, this is Jim. I think there's still -- it's performing -- I mean, recovering really well, but there's still more progress to be made on that from the tragedy. And -- but we see kind of the industry where the Japan point-of-sale versus the U.S. point-of-sale is probably recovering quicker than the U.S. point-of-sale. But both are improving and making its way back towards pre-earthquake level.
James E. Compton: Yes, Duane, it's Jim, a couple of thoughts on that. I think that -- I think we're very pleased with our revenue performance given the kind of the weak economic environment. And so if you went back historically, that is actually different than what we've seen historically kind of where you would be in the recovery at GDP growth. Even up 2.5% is relatively soft post of -- where you would be in the recovery. So again, I think our capacity discipline, as well as the industry discipline, what we've seen, I think, we've done a good job of not -- the traffic that we're missing is the low yield price-sensitive traffic and we're doing a good job of not diluting the higher-end traffic. And I think the capacity discipline has allowed us to do that. And I think that's probably the biggest difference in terms of [ph] breaking that GDP versus revenue growth that you mention.
James E. Compton: Well, yes, I'll point to the -- from a book in the investor update in the Pacific. I think, we're talking about 4 points, 12 points [ph] of book load factor down. In that market, we have some new competition in Chicago, Hong Kong that's driving some of that load factor difference. I'll tell you that we're pleased with where our premium bookings are at. And that some of the softness is more on the leisure side, which gets back to my earlier comment on that. The other thing is that the RM team is revenue managing towards that to a certain extent also and just to -- again, preventing the dilution on the high-yield side. And so we're comfortable with where that book load factor is. So a combination of some new competition, revenue managing it, but we're actually feel pretty good about where it's at.
James E. Compton: I think the lessons learned are -- there's a familiarity that's building within the JV both from understanding each other's systems, as well as people, whether it's from a -- making sure that the right price products are out there for our customers and they're consistent, as well as communicating back and forth what each airline is optimizing with their different RM system. And then the network group, which from the beginning has been working closely with each other, there's that familiarity. And so I think as we'd think about that, we feel that there's a lot of benefits to build on as we build that relationship going forward. And I think you're seeing some of the capacity discipline that you're seeing both carriers -- all the carriers in the JV showing right now, it's kind of a result of that. So I think the lesson learned is that we'll be more nimble, quicker to react based on getting to know each other.
James E. Compton: Well, obviously, the Economy Plus will contribute to -- we're talking about consolidated capacity going forward being flat in 2012. Being down domestically and up in internationally, Glenn. So, obviously, the economy plus affects that...
James E. Compton: Hey, Jeff, this is Jim. We have, obviously, been working with our corporate partners in the last month or so for a lack of better word surveying them. And the feedback we're getting ties to that kind of that stable environment for the majority of them. That being said, you're right. They are focused on their 2012 budget. And so -- but I think right now, it's very consistent with what we're seeing in the demand that majority are kind of planning on spending being relatively kind of like 2011 to up slightly, I think, if you kind of -- you get different things all over. And as I mentioned financial services, you get back into what we saw in 2008. Again not the majority but few of them will talk about possibly looking at their travel policies, which really doesn't involve us but it might be folks planning in advance and things like that. So those are the things we watch as Jeff mentioned in his comments that we’ll watch the demand and adjust capacity, but what we want to do is always being kind of dialogue with our corporates so that we can stay on top of it. But right now, we see kind of stable anticipation for 2012.
James E. Compton: It's hard -- the way we look at corporate travel, quite frankly, when we work with our partners is it's less about a deal and it's more about the quality of the deal. And so -- there's nobody that singles out in and what we're trying to do is, again, show the value of this new network that we have and the value we bring with that and have the discussion around that and what they're needs are. And I think overall, that kind of across the industries, we're seeing a kind of a general same feeling about the uncertainty of the economy and so forth, playing as to how they think about that.
