Sarah Murphy: Thank you Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Let me point out that information in this morning’s earnings release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represents the company’s current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings, United Airlines, and Continental Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, a copy of which is available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter and the full year. These items are detailed in our earnings release, and now I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, Chairman, President, and CEO of United.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Jeff. First we’ll take questions from the analyst community, then we’ll take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Brandon, please provide the procedure to ask a question.
Sarah Murphy: With that we’re out of time. We’ll conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call Investor Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Good bye.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks John. We’ve a lot of momentum now and in 2013 we’re going to run a reliable airline and provide great customer service. We’ll deliver on our go-forward plan and use our ever improving fleet, facilities, technology, product, network and customer service to become the airline customers want to fly, investors want to invest in and co-workers want to work for. I’ll now turn over to Sarah to open up the call for questions.
Jeff Smisek: Well we expect, Michael, we expect the seniority list integration to be accomplished this year and we currently see no issues in them reaching their agreement at a timely basis.
Jeff Smisek: Jamie, we’re trying to make sure that in return for marking the market with wages and the benefits of our co-workers, in return we get good productivity from them and flexibility because this is an industry that requires flexibility and you know we’re making -- very good progress with the IAAM. We’re also making good progress with our teamsters and I hope to be able to announce some new deals as we go forward in time this year.
Jeff Smisek: It's a combination of things, it's not just the on-time performance and you need to be reliable and different levels of reliability above 80% have diminishing returns, but it's really also -- it’s many different factors, it's also very important as the customer service and which is why we’re focusing so heavily on customer service this year as you know I mean you all fly. A good customer service can take even delayed flight or a flight where there is an issue on-board the aircraft, a broken piece of IFE (ph) or something. And good service can turn that into a really good flight, you can also have a perfectly on-time flight on a brand new airplane everything works and if you’re not getting good service it's going to be a crappy flight. So you know we’re also focusing very, very heavily on customer service both at the airport, on contact center agents with flight attendants and I think that’s and I think you can see that in our improving customer satisfaction scores and I believe those scores will continue to improve. We have enormous amount of folks on it including we’re going to have a broad-based quarterly bonus program for all of our co-workers based on improvements in customer satisfaction scores. So we’re going to focus heavily on that and as people fly as the word does get out and we’re significantly better today for sure than we’re in the summer and I believe this time next year we’ll be significantly better than we’re today and with that I would take it over to Jim.
Jeff Smisek: Once the NTSP, GTSP together and FA work together to [determine causality] and Boeing fixes it or done because look the aircraft is a terrific aircraft and customers love the airplane and I have no doubt that customers will flock back to that airplane as soon as we get it back up again. But this is a problem that Boeing and the regulatory authorities need to deal with, they should deal with it, we support them, we will give them every bit of assistance that we possibly can because we too want to get the airplane up and flying safely and I’m confident that will occur. I don’t know when that will occur but we will learn more with time.
Jeff Smisek: Look it's a terrific airplane, I mean ask anybody who has flown that airplane it’s spectacular and once this particular issue is solved it's solved and it's just a matter of whatever time it takes to solve it.
Jim Compton: I think as you mentioned obviously a tough year and the biggest, I think I talked about in this way I think the biggest disappointment from my perspective was the revenue, the synergies we faced last year and you know I think expectations I think you can think of one to two points in RASM that we under performed and you know and so my confidence is as John mentioned at close is that given the stability of the operations because I really believe predictability is important, when you’re predictable things just operate so much better across the system and revenue flows with that. So you know we’re excited about 2013 given the initiatives that we have in place and you know we feel that we will certainly close that gap and but we’ll work our way through the year but we’re very optimistic.
Jim Compton: Hunter I won't get into specifics of how that work. I will tell you that obviously we work very closely with ANA, they are a terrific partner and you know the JV has mechanisms to work through all kinds of different things that come up and that’s what we will do working with them but again we’re seeing the JV quite frankly is delivering terrific results as we’re seeing connections over Narita using ANA and also both of us are partnering with each other in the Trans-Pacific.
Jim Compton: That’s a great question, from my perspective the way I look at it is somewhat as you described, right, I think our challenges last year from the management’s perspective is that we actually manage less flights that we underperformed in load factor and so as that load factor comes in what happens is we begin to manage more flights and [revenue manage analyst] [ph] begin to manage the buckets and so forth. So not talking too much about yield going forward but again as our corporate customers recognize what we’re doing from a reliability point of view as those, as the demand continues to grow we will manage the inventory to optimize that revenue.
Jim Compton: So I think the way to think about the quarter for us that 4.1% to 5.1% down in the first quarter is February even adjusting for leap year will be the most significant capacity cut month followed by not as much but March. So January is the least capacity year-over-year reduction of the quarter.
Jim Compton: I think again the when I talk about January, one data point for us is January is a little bit more difficult comp for us on a, if we went on a two year over two year just kind of put a framework reference in December we’re 8% up over 2 years that 2.5% represents a beat of that 8% on the two year basis. So any given month I guess it's hard, things can fluctuate and change. I think the investor updates were very feel good about the demand, the booking curve that we see going forward. 
Jim Compton: It is understood John. First of all the completion factor is exceeding our expectations, the operations has been stellar this month from a completion and so we’re generating the ASMs from a completion factor point of view. The second point is on the Chinese New Year’s a little bit is a good point also, a little perspective is January last year we cancelled 25 round trips because of the New Year and TransPac to support what become very much not a business travel period. That is shifted to February and so is a specific capacity you know is running kind of a more normal time with the Chinese New Year been in there. So both of those things affect exactly what you’re talking about.
Jim Compton: I think what we’re seeing is kind of ongoing, we’re seeing the ongoing kind of general economic environment that we saw in 2012 and seeing still good demand really in all the booking windows going out.
Jim Compton: I think as we mentioned kind of in the comments that the last duty integration put a lot of stress on our employees and our customers. I’ll tell you that in that group of employees that a lot of stress was on with our sales force. And our sales force literally was always out there with our corporate partners and travel managers. The difference is the conversation was a little bit different than what we had hoped for. The conversation was about some of the integration issues and so forth. What’s happened with the on-time performance in the fourth quarter, the improvements we’re seeing now they have really -- the sales force has always been very present with our corporate travel partners and now what they are doing is again talking about the network, the value of the network that it brings to them, what it can do for them in their travel needs. So I guess the point is how did the awareness that things are back. I think the awareness is driven by the fact that they have the sales force is out there communicating, I mentioned a couple of forms we do with advisory boards but really every day they are calling on their customers and letting them know where we’re are at and how we can help them in their travel needs.
Jim Compton: The new contract as it relates to regional does present us with a tremendous amount of flexibility to be competitive in the 70 seat market. Really, the first phase of this year quite frankly is with the new agreement is being able to redeploy the current 70 seaters that we have across the system to optimize the network, some of the things we talked about in terms of synergies for the first year. But as you’re moving to 2014, then we will be able to kind of take that second phase, but this year will be about using the aircrafts that we have and redeploying, but that contract does create tremendous amount of flexibility for us to be competitive in that space.
Jim Compton: I don’t want to comment on revenue Duane, I think you know as I alluded to earlier in response to Mike. We’re extremely focused on execution we have a plan, we’re following that plan I think that if we execute on that and we do the things that we’re capable of and you combine that with the product that we’re providing, the network that we have, I think that you will begin to see margin expansion clearly. We wanted as badly as our investors, our employee’s want it and I think that 2013 as I said is an important year for us as we’re beginning to put all these different items in place to enable us to achieve that.
Jim Compton: You’re right, ASM is a significant piece of that but probably two thirds of the cost guidance in the first quarter or the cost increase is related to labor and that’s simply the anniversary effect of lapping some of the labor agreements of last year, results were put in the place during the year. So labor is a piece of that, the only other thing that I would call out as significant as we have got a higher than normal volume of engine events in our V2500 engines in the first and second quarter. So I would expect maintenance expense related those items will be up $30 million to $40 million each quarter, but that tells often back half of the year we actually see some improvements.
Jim Compton: Look, Josh, safety is obviously very important than and I’m confident that when the regulatory authorities and Boeing working together determine the cause of the battery issues and the [fixed] board that we will implement whatever that fix is under the (inaudible) permit us to fly the aircraft safely again. So there is no distinction between us and our pilots with respect to safety.
John Rainey: Mark I would just add to that, this is John. 2013 is clearly a year where we’re focused on execution and proving our operational reliability. We think though that with the route network that we have and efficient fleet, the employees that we have, the results will take care of themselves if we do the blocking and tackling.
John Rainey: I think speaking to synergy achievement, we targeted about to achieve 75% of the 1 billion to 1.2 billion last year and we did a good job in terms of other revenue and cost synergies. Those two combined amounted to about $650 million but as I said in my remarks earlier we clearly underperformed from a passenger revenue perspective. We have every bit of confidence that we will achieve the full run-rate of the 1 to 1.2 and we’re actually are optimistic about that. In terms of the timing, getting back to Mike’s question. We love to get that in 2013 but it's also reasonable to assume that that could be a difficult bar and it could slip into 2014.
John Rainey: I think you know clearly we got to make up a big part of that gap in terms of our revenue performance and some of that will come through corporate shares, some of it will be harvesting the benefits of the mergers through redeployment of aircraft in that nature but we also have a significant opportunity in terms of becoming more efficient., We have attacked some of our operational problems with, call it a blunt instrument and we have thrown head count at it and I think that we can be a lot more efficient. We can better deploy technology, put it in the hands of the customer and I think overtime we can actually see significant savings in other areas on the expense side.
John Rainey: Clearly, we have the aspiration of getting there, I would remind you that Delta is two years ahead of us in their integration and you know that the way that we have framed this internally is I would prioritize as we want to get the operation running like it needs to be and then we want to continue to pay down a lot of the non-aircraft debt, we got a significant amount of non-aircraft debt that’s coming due in the next few years and then I think we can have a very healthy discussion about returning cash to shareholders. Now I would say I don’t think all those have to happen in a serial fashion but clearly in terms of how I prioritize those that’s what it would be.
