Jeff Smisek: Thanks Nene and Jonathan and thank you for joining on our first quarter 2015 earnings call. Today we reported pre-tax earnings of $585 million, the highest first quarter profit in United's history and over $1 billion improvement compared to the first quarter of last year. We earned $1.52 per diluted share, achieved at pre-tax margin of 6.8% and expanded our return on invested capital to 17.1% over the last 12 months. In the quarter we generated more than $1 billion of free cash flow and repurchased $200 million of our common stock. Our cost discipline continued in the first quarter with non-fuel unit cost down 1.5% year-over-year bringing our average non-fuel unit cost over the prior four quarters to approximately flat with only 0.4% capacity growth. It is also the seventh straight quarter in which we improved productivity. We continue to deliver on our goals under Project Quality our $2 billion efficiency initiative and we’re making substantial progress on improving our balance sheet. Additionally, in the first quarter our operational performance improved nicely with year-over-year improvements in our on time arrival and completion performance. This quarter all four of our Northern tier hubs experienced more snow days and more de-icing events than the first quarter of last year which you'll remember was a very tough winter. Yet we cancelled 17,000 fewer flights inconveniencing 1.3 million fewer customers. Importantly, we've delivered our operational improvements while also increasing the efficiency and productivity.  We made improvements across every part of our business in the first quarter and we could not have done this without the dedication and professionalism of our employees. I want to thank them for their great work and their pride in United. I'm pleased that each quarter we've been building on previous accomplishments. We expect that the second quarter will be another record quarter for United with pre-tax margins between 12% and 14% driven by strong cost performance and lower oil prices. At United we manage our business to maximize shareholder value. While unit revenue is an important metric we ultimately make business decisions to maximize margin and return on invested capital. In this morning's investor update, we provided second quarter unit revenue guidance of down 4% to 6%. Jim Compton will explain the component of our second quarter present guide in more detail in just a minute. But I want to mention that some of the decline is directly related to earnings, accretive action that by their nature are at present dilutive. The remaining anticipated unit revenue decline is due to external factors that we’re working to mitigate where we can. United has been the industry leader in capacity discipline and as we've shown in the past we'll take the appropriate actions to ensure we are matching capacity with demand. Accordingly, today we reduced our full year capacity guidance by half a point and now expect to grow 1% to 2% in 2015. The first quarter was a good quarter for United in which we improved our operations, expanded earnings, generated significant free cash flow, paid down debt and returned cash to shareholders. We will continue to work aggressively to bolster our revenue and increase our efficiency while maintaining our focus on expanding our margins and return on invested capital. Over the last several quarters we have demonstrated that our plan is working and we remain excited about the opportunities ahead. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jim, Greg and John.
Jeff Smisek: And I'll tie it to John's comment where he on numerous times mentioned removing our reliance on 50 seat regional jets, these narrow bodies then we'll be able to free up and do exactly that, is move, as our 50 seat reliance as we move away from that. It generates the narrow bodies to cover that, so there's a cascading effect to it, so in general, it really promotes more cost efficient flying while serving the demand that's out there.
Jeff Smisek: This is Jeff; let me take a crack at that. The parameter rule has been in place I think for something like 60 years it’s worked pretty well as is. We’re certainly consulting with the port authority about what their thoughts are and our thoughts and then different carriers have different views on that. As for operations in JFK I don’t think really at this point we want to comment on that.
Jeff Smisek: I am a really boring guy. Yes it is something that we do think about, it is something that we think is appropriate and as for anything we can do to get there that I’ll turn over to with John.
Jeff Smisek: First of all, we’ve gotten contracts with -- we've got 28 out of our 30 contracts to get done, so we only have two left. So those are with our technicians and with our flight attendants. We’re in negotiations with both groups. I won’t comment on the negotiation themselves, but I’ll tell you we very much would desire to getting those done. We believe that our employee groups wish to get them done but we have to approach that in an appropriate disciplined manner to reach agreements that are good for the company and good for the employees.
Jeff Smisek: This is Jeff; I'll talk a little bit about that. Pilot availability clearly, particularly for the 50 seat operation is an issue for us which does indeed affect the availability of our express operators to fly the scheduled, and moreover the 50 seat product is something that is not as good a product as the 76 seaters, for example the new Imperio 175s that are in the market [indiscernible] product with considered very attractive airplane, very comfortable airplane has WiFi, has putting first class food up front, has a better ancillary revenue opportunities, and confortable seats and is a very good product. But the shift of the pilots, our reduction in availability of pilots for smaller airplanes is clearly affecting us, as in it's affecting all of our competitors who operate the [program].
Jeff Smisek: We haven’t disclosed what the fourth quarter in terms of international in total, we are bringing our Atlanta capacity to flat to down year-over-year. Again for us we’ve been very much focused on capacity discipline. So, our Japan capacity for instance in the first quarter was down 11% it’s already planned to be down 7% in the fourth quarter. So, we’ve been ahead of this as we create the flexibility in our fleet plan to match capacity and demand.
Greg Hart: Thanks Jim. I'd like to take a moment to thank all of our employees for their great work in the first quarter. It was a challenging quarter and a tough winter but our operation performance improved as a result of their professionalism and their dedication. As Jeff mentioned in the first quarter we faced record cold and had more snow days and more de-icing events than the first quarter of last year, the year of the polar vortex. Despite these challenging conditions our operational performance improved year-over-year. One area of keen focus for United has been our express operation. In the first quarter our express completion factor improved by almost 5 points compared to last year. Our mainline operation also had a strong quarter with on-time performance increasing by 1.5 points year-over-year and in February we had the fewest cancellations of any major carries despite having four northern hubs. Much of this improvement is due to process changes and the investments we made to improve how we manage through and recover from the regular operations. For example, in late January we experienced a significant snow event at our north hub using our new [crew solver] software we were able to quickly and efficiently redeploy our flight crews after the storm resulted in a quicker recovery for customers and employees. On the following day our on-time departure performance was at least 6 percentage points better than we would have achieved last year. Additionally, we had a best express recovery day in the United’s history. Proactive planning and the great work of our employees combined with new software and other technology solutions all helped us to improve our operations in the first quarter. While I am pleased with our progress, we continue to take actions to improve our reliability. And now I will turn the call over to John.
Greg Hart: I think we’re particularly well positioned to be able to manage any used aircraft we bring on market or into the market with our facility in San Francisco which are; we think are some of the best in the world and the services we provide there. So I think we’re very well positioned and it is well a lot of what the aircraft we’re looking at are actually similar vintage than what we already have in our fleet today.
Greg Hart: It's fair to assume that Duane, a lot depends upon earnings, but to your point we tend to build a lot more cash in the first and second quarters and we expect very strong cash generation there. We have a goal being free cash flow positive in every quarter and giving the earnings profile of this business, that's not an unreasonable assumption.
John Rainey: Hey Joe this is John. I sense that the main question out there is there fuels domestic capacity growth or not, and the answer is no, it doesn't. What this is going to allow us to do, it's going to permit us to reduce frequencies and increase gauge which is part of our network optimization plan. So this is a seat neutral initiative that we're doing here. Let me give you an example of where we fly high frequencies in our hub to hub and markets, take the example of San Francisco to O'Hare. Within 90 minutes on the late flights of the night, Red Eyes, we fly three narrow body aircraft. This is going to allow us to consolidate frequency to use that 777 in that market.
John Rainey: Joe, I would just add, this is John, and this is bigger picture all part of our plan to utilize the assets that we have more efficiently and to improve our return on invested capital so that we can deploy capital in a manner that best creates shareholder value.
John Rainey: Sure, and you're probably alluding to the fact that half of our Project Quality savings are in fuel savings. And we have a goal of becoming about $1 billion more efficient in fuel by 2017 and certainly today's fuel prices impacted that and on the margin some of these decisions whether it's taking delivery of used narrow body aircraft, that are maybe less efficient or extending the life of some of the older planes that we have, they will have some impact but the progress that we’ve seen to date in the fuel efficiency line with Project Quality we're very pleased with. We expect to achieve about $500 million this year out of our Project Quality fuel savings initiative and so that's all based on really the tracks from our overall goal.
John Rainey: Certainly Julie, we’ve talked for some time about our need to continue to de-lever and we’ve set some intermediate targets out there of gross debt goals in the neighborhood of $15 billion. The steps that we took to prepay the debt that thus far this year as we’ve announced will help achieve some of that. I do firmly believe that there is significant shareholder value opportunity with de-levering our balance sheet. We are too heavily levered today and it’s a vestige from an industry which is -- we’re not operating in it anymore, it’s much more reformed industry. As we look at the opportunities that we have to de-lever we don’t have a lot of other options to prepay debt where it make sense say for the secured debt that we have the term loan facility of about $1.3 billion. So as we begin to pick off these pieces of debt like the 6% notes there are less opportunities to prepay that and you will see us probably gear more towards returning cash to shareholders at that point.
John Rainey: There is, and we treat pension just like debt and we’ll continue to fund that appropriate. We’re in situation today where in a low interest rate environment we want to be careful about being in a position where we could actually fund ourselves having an over [firm] pension where you’re not getting the good return on that cash. So, we’ll be primitive with respect to how much we fund there.
John Rainey: It’s a good question and typically what we’ve done if you look at our CapEx profile this year about $3 billion to $3.2 billion, about two thirds of that is aircraft. And in the past we tended to lever up and borrow most of the amount of that for aircrafts. To your earlier question about limited opportunities to prepaid debt. If we’re in situation where we’re generating a net free cash flow the next best opportunity to de-lever is actually not borrowing incremental money for new aircraft. And so that’s not a decision that we’ve made yet and we’ll wait to see how cash flow is paying out for the year. But it’s reasonable to expect that going forward we will borrow less money for aircraft and spend more cash up-front.
John Rainey: Well, that's fairly close, at the end of the first quarter we’ve got an unfunded liability position about $2.5 billion. And what I was alluding to earlier you could actually find yourself in a situation where if you close that entire gap and then interest rates were to rise again that reduces the projected benefit obligations so you could actually be in a situation where you have an overfunded pension and that's not necessarily the best use of that capital, so we're very thoughtful about the amount that we're going to fund so that we can get close to fully funded but not be in a situation where we'd be overfunded.
John Rainey: That's an insightful observation Hunter; we do have in that guidance an assumption about resuming some of the third party sales we've done for fuel. Just this quarter alone you know it's about a $130 million variance from the previous year so to the extent that we got increase of the revenues in and we have more or less in all setting expenses. It's a profitable business but its pretty low margin.
John Rainey: Halena, we meet the qualifications today to -- for inclusion in the S&P500 there is not anything, there is not anything that we can do to get them to be more interested in us I think part of it is you’ve got to have someone meet the S&P500 to actually being included. So, it’s something that I think would help our stock long term having a fund in us like that and something that we certainly desire but it’s largely outside of our control.
John Rainey: It’s a good question Bill and it’s absolutely when we look at four projections for earnings today at the fuel prices that you see today, which arguably are lower than the long term average. We absolutely think about protecting some of that because the opportunities that we have to improve our business with the type of cash flow that we can generate are huge and so spending a little bit of money to protect against any pop in oil prices is something that we will likely do as we look at opportunities we’re more focused on 2016 than ’15 at this point, but I think that’s a reasonable use of cash given what we can do with the cash flows in terms of improving shareholder value.
John Rainey: The 747 is something that we do intend to keep for a few more years we have a couple coming out of our fleet in the near future but some of these we’ve made some improvements to the operating reliability of the aircraft and we could expect to keep them for another few years. They have another sort of big maintenance events in the 2020 time frame that that will be another decision point for us whether we want to extend them further at that point or go ahead and retire them.
John Rainey: We have not disclosed which model we substituted and we might not elaborate of the discount, that’s something we’d like to keep between us and Boeing.
John Rainey: We’re still a big believer in the 787, it’s a greater best in our fleet today. The 777-300ER is also a very good aircraft and happens to have the best reliability of any plane in the sky today. It also has -- we have an opportunity to put that in some markets that it’s a better aircraft and with the 787 or some of our other existing planes out there today. So this is all part of normal fleet planning that we do from time-to-time and there is nothing to read into this about the 787.
John Rainey: I won’t give you a specifically route, but clearly it integrates well with the 777 we fly to New York, it allows us to up gauge New York, which has always been a strategy of ours given the constraints there and the demand that we’re seeing in New York with the hub and how it’s working in New York. So that’s a great aircraft to up gauge in New York with that 777-300.
Jim Compton: And Jamie I would add, this is Jim here, our Transcom product continues to improve and perform very well across all the ports there so we’re excited about the product that we’re bringing in and what we can do in that market across our network.
Jim Compton: Hey Michael, this is Jim and you hit it right on the hub. It'll support us in frequency consolidation hub to hub and also support our Hawaii and so that's exactly right.
Jim Compton: Hey Hunter, this is Jim. That's a great question, obviously I'll speak from United's perspective and how we think about this, but the base of it is that we are really committed to a disciplined capacity approach, so even the 777 that I talked about, it will be seat neutral and we'll manage that capacity discipline. You know as a matter of fact over the last eight years United's grown its capacity at GDP or less for every year and so that's really the strong part of our plan that we feel allows us to grow our margins and reinvest in our business and so continue to do that. There's an examples as we've done that, what's the test of that, we lowered our guidance to 0.5 point this year from 1.5 to 2.5 guidance from 1 to 2. A lot of the work we're doing to offset and mitigate some of the foreign exchange has been in place in the first quarter, our Japan capacity was down 11% year-over-year so it gets back to that general principle of always staying disciplined and allowing us to be flexible to move with what’s happening in the market places and the demand. So from United's perspective there's nothing about what we've been doing over the last several years that's going to change going forward. There's a change in how we're approaching capacity, the capacity that we're adding is really efficient and so when I talk about the slimline seats and that's going to grow our capacity growth of 2% in the domestic space in the second quarter, is that efficient slimline capacity growth comes in a lower average yield which drives pricing down, but it’s very cost effective and margin accretive. So our commitments to that and we're going to continue to do that.
Jim Compton: From a PRASM point of view, as you -- second quarter being the low point is driven by many of the things I talked about on the call. The largest effect for instance, fuel surcharges in Japan [hitting] us in the second quarter. And as you go through the year and particularly through the fourth quarter you begin to kind of mitigate some of that just on a year-over-year basis. On the -- some of it is just the seasonality, seasonal shaping that was really successful in the quarter, particularly in the Trans-Atlantic. We planned obviously to grow that capacity as we move into the summer strong periods and take advantage of the higher RASM in the summer period through for instance Trans-Atlantic. So it’s a combination of some of the effects year-over-year kind of balancing it out tied with the initiatives that we are doing to reduce our capacity and some of the oil related markets as well as for instance in the Trans-Atlantic will be flat to down year-over-year in the fourth quarter now which drives our guidance reducing it by 0.5 point to 1 point to 2 point. So, those things that market basket of things kind of makes the second quarter the low watermark based on what we see today.
Jim Compton: There is a general shift deployment now to the U.S. side that head -- as you head into the summer. We do think that given the exchange rate and the strength of the dollar that we'll see that accelerate this year, and quite frankly in our bookings we are already starting to see some of that, so, some of that foreign exchange impact that's affecting us in the transatlantic will thus be offset by an even stronger point on sale of the US and the transatlantic since we're head into the summer. So we're beginning to see those trends happen, they're above and above the rate that they normally do.
Jim Compton: Yes, absolutely, you know most of our, even our seasonal shaping of capacity was meant to hit kind of the June through August period, but we've really above the lines with seasonal shaping, the Trans-Atlantic that we set out for this year.
Jim Compton: It's not a huge amount, we're hedged 47% for the balance of the year at around 1.22-1.23, and so I don’t think it’s big of a number for the second quarter. I don’t have the specific number that you've asked off the top of my head, but I don't believe its material, so I'm thinking through it.
Jim Compton: It's both of those, the energy travel going to a couple of interesting, is that it really flies, when it flies internationally it flies in business class, and so a big portion of that revenue is international because of that. But even in Houston a data point, is that we saw our Houston [rising] in the first quarter, down 5% and our consolidated PRASM was up 0.4, so that gives you a little contest that, yes it is -- a lot of that oil traffic is international. But it also affects the domestic and we're adjusting some of that domestic capacity for instance to North Dakota and Canada to address some of the demand issues that are associated with that.
Jim Compton: Dan, this is Jim, we have no plans to add a fourth cabin domestically, given what we’re doing, ancillary revenue particularly with the economy plus, we actually we're really early in the game of driving as sort of the revenue with that product today, so we're going to kind of -- we’re going to continue to build on that and so the answer would be no.
Jim Compton: I think it’s reasonable to assume that as we conclude our existing share repurchase program that we’ll be in the market with something additional whether it’d be a share repurchase, dividend whatever we think is the best way to return cash to shareholders at that point in time.
