Mike Leskinen: Thank you, Vanessa. Good morning, everyone and welcome to United's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning we issued a presentation accompanying this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and our remarks made during the conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, investor update and presentation, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the team in the room available to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks, Gerry. First, we'll take questions from the analyst community. Then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Vanessa, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Mike Leskinen: Thanks to all for joining the call today. Please contact Media Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Greg Hart: Thanks Scott. As Oscar and Scott already mentioned, we faced a number of unexpected events in the quarter. We are particularly proud of the dedication of over 93,000 employees who worked through these challenges and went through extraordinary lengths to care for our customers. In addition to hub-closing weather events like the polar vortex in Chicago or the winter storm in Denver, we overcame a unique operational event in each month of the quarter. First, we started the quarter off in January with the government shutdown. Then in February, our flights to India, which represent 1.2% of our capacity were impacted by the closure of the Pakistani airspace. The closure required us to stage crews and refuel in Germany in order to continue operating the flights. The team has worked hard to find a solution for our Mumbai flight. But unfortunately, we have had to suspend the service to Delhi through July 2 in order to minimize the disservice to our customers. On March 13, the FAA announced a decision to ground the MAX aircraft. We have 14 of this aircraft in our fleet. This represents about 1.4% of our capacity, which means that the grounding has only had a modest operational impact on the airline thus far, but that impact grows the longer the grounding lasts. But we have been focused on caring for those customers whose travel plans were impacted. We adjusted schedules and even upgauged some routes with 777s or 787s like San Francisco to Maui and Houston to Los Angeles. These solutions costs us money in the short-term, but was clearly the right thing to do for our customers and the right thing to do for the airline over the long-term. Making these kinds of adjustments gets much harder during the busy summer travel season, when among other things, aircraft utilization and load factors are higher. So yesterday, we announced that we hold the MAX aircraft out of our schedule through early July. Since no one knows when regulators will complete their review of the MAX, we'll be focused on two priorities. First, we'll continue to take extraordinary steps to care for our customers and mitigate the impact of this change on their travel plans. Second, we'll cooperate fully with the regulators as they conduct their own independent assessment of the aircraft's safety. For more than 90 years, the safety of our customers and employees at United has come first. That's why we don't -- won't put our customers and employees on that plane until that independent assessment is complete. We take a lot of pride at United in running a great operation. Despite all of the headwinds in the quarter, we ran an operation we can all be proud of. In fact, in our largest hubs with major hub competitors Chicago, Denver and San Francisco we once again ran the best operation of all the hub operators. These outstanding results are a testament to the hard work of our employees and the airline's ability to be nimble and adjust to an environment that is always changing. The success of our operation enabled the strong revenue results that Andrew will now go into in more detail.
Greg Hart: Hey, Jamie, this is Greg. Thanks for the question. It was really a combination of things we're able to do to recover the schedule including, we did take a little operational risk in terms of utilizing spares we had. We moved the hangar plans around and deferred some maintenance as well as we changed some of the heavy check schedules on our aircraft. But it was a combination of things. With 14 aircraft that was something that we could manage for a month or two, given some of the flexibility we have in our maintenance plans. But beyond that, it gets really tough to manage, because there are not many maintenance and events that we can preclude doing within the time frame.
Greg Hart: Hey Savi, this is Greg. I'll take the cargo piece and then turn it over to Scott for the rest of the question. On the cargo side, our cargo revenues were down 2.5% roughly, driven largely by capacity in the industry. But relative to our -- the performance of our peers, we continue to be really, really happy with the performance of our cargo team and driving a really, really good product for us across the network.
Greg Hart: Helane this is Greg. Thanks for the questions. We always work very closely with all of our airport partners in making sure that we mitigate as much as possible the impact on the customers. And a lot of the projects you actually talked about by the time they're finished will actually materially improve the experience for our customers. So these projects aren't easy. They are complex. And from time-to-time, we do get together with our partners and reassess where we are and what changes we may need to make to the programs to ensure that the impact on our customers is mitigated as much as possible.
Greg Hart: And then on the maintenance work that we've deferred to help cover the MAX schedule ranges from WiFi installations to voluntary -- other voluntary maintenance work that we've had scheduled that is perfectly able to be deferred to a later date as well as something as simple as pay in an aircraft we've deferred. So it kind of runs the gamut across what we do in the maintenance world on a voluntary basis.
Greg Hart: Hey this is Greg. If you don't mind, I'd just like to provide a little context to your question. Based on the preliminary results of the investigations of the Lion Air and Ethiopian accidents, runaway trim was among the primary causes of the accidents. For decades, all of our pilots -- all of our Boeing aircraft here at United have been trained to respond to a runaway trim situation. In fact, the training around the situation is so central for our curriculum that the pilots are required to memorize the procedure. That's why we have consistently reiterated our confidence and ability of United pilots to safely operate United MAX aircraft. Now of course, if the regulatory authorities require any changes to our training programs, we will comply with them.
Greg Hart: Right now, we have no plans to add any simulator training to our training regime. But obviously if federal -- if the regulatory authorities request that as added training, we will comply with that request.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday afternoon, we released our first quarter 2019 earnings and our second quarter investor update. You can refer to those documents for additional detail. For the highlights, slide 14 is a summary of our GAAP financials and slide 15 shows our non-GAAP adjusted results. We are pleased to report adjusted earnings per share of $1.15 for the first quarter, up 135% versus a year ago. Adjusted pre-tax income was $389 million and adjusted pre-tax margin was 4.1%, up more than 200 basis points year-over-year and marking the second consecutive quarter of adjusted pre-tax margin expansion. We are all very proud of these results. Slide 16 shows our total unit cost for the first quarter and our forecast for the second quarter and full year 2019. Turning to slide 17. Non-fuel unit cost in the first quarter decreased 1.8% on a year-over-year basis. This was a great result, driven by a combination of continued cost discipline, better completion and timing of expenses over the course of the year. For the second quarter 2019, we expect non-fuel unit cost to be flat to up 1%. As we look ahead to the rest of the year, a CASM headwind we face is driven by the reduced flying, caused by the grounding of the MAX aircraft and temporary suspension of our flights to Delhi, which currently combined represents about 2% of our capacity. With respect to the MAX, we currently have 17 of the -- we currently have 14 of these aircraft in our fleet, with five more scheduled for delivery in the second quarter and 11 more scheduled for delivery in the third quarter. While the financial impact of the MAX grounding and temporary suspension of service to Delhi has been modest, the longer these events last the greater the impact on ASMs and CASM. Based on our current assumption that the MAX aircraft will remain out of our schedule until at least early July and our flight to Delhi will remain suspended through July 2, we have reduced our full year capacity guidance to up 4% to 5%. Due to the changing capacity we've also revised our full year CASM-ex guidance to be around flat year-over-year. Our ability to achieve better-than-flat CASM-ex this year will be negatively impacted if the MAX aircraft remain out of service or flights to Delhi remain suspended longer than our current assumption, but we remain confident in our full year EPS guidance. As you can see on slide 18, we spent $527 million to repurchase shares of our common stock in the first quarter at an average price of $83.68 per share. As of the end of the first quarter we have approximately $1.2 billion left in our repurchase authority and plan to continue to be opportunistic with our share repurchases. During the quarter, we took delivery of eight new aircraft. We also purchased five mainline aircraft and 16 regional aircraft off-lease. These aircraft purchases, in conjunction with continued investments in the business, drive our 2019 adjusted CapEx outlook of $4.7 billion. Lastly, slide 19 has a summary of our current guidance, including the second quarter's projected fuel price range using the April 11 curve. The range provided for capacity, revenue and costs implies the second quarter 2019 adjusted pre-tax margin between 11% and 13%. We continue to expect full year 2019 adjusted earnings per share to be between $10 and $12. We are pleased with our results in the first quarter of 2019 and remain confident in our ability to continue to execute on our growth plan. We are managing the business to maximize earnings and continue to be focused on creating long-term value for our shareholders. With that, Mike will now begin the Q&A.
Gerry Laderman: So Darryl, if everything's cleared up this year, there's no reason that we wouldn't be focused on what we said we would do next year.
Gerry Laderman: I would describe the categories as the same as we've been talking about. There are some for instance gauge, which probably kicks in more next year than this year would be one. Continued efficiency and the use of our assets is another one. But generally, the categories will continue to be the same. It's just better execution.
Gerry Laderman: So we highlighted in the investor update, our schedule for new aircraft deliveries next year, which ties to what was disclosed in our 10-K. Next year is a peak year for wide-body deliveries. We have 17 next year on top of 28 narrow-bodies versus only 10 this year. That does drive incremental CapEx versus this year. It's too early to give you the precise number. But ballpark I can tell you you're looking -- the cost of those wide-bodies is about $1 billion more than this year. That's a peak. We expect wide-body deliveries to come down after that. We're very focused on making smart decisions on CapEx. An example of how we look at it, take the 777-300ERs that we're taking this year. We expect a first year ROIC on those aircraft in the mid-teens well above our cost of capital. And that only improves as those aircraft depreciate. I'd also highlight that we're focused where we can on mitigating aircraft CapEx between now and the end of next year. We actually have 30 used aircraft coming in. And if you look at what that's saving us versus new aircraft that's $600 million to $700 million of CapEx savings. So beyond that, I can repeat what we've talked about before, which is this is sort of on an normalized basis replacement of non-aircraft CapEx and kind of growth that are on GDP that's around a $4 billion CapEx number annually. But as we find opportunities to grow -- and like next year, you can see a year like next year where there's a little bit of a spike.
Gerry Laderman: I'd say that it has -- that's been our plan now for a few years. It just happens that next year consistent with the growth plan that we had, it's a -- there's a spike in wide-bodies. But what it allows us to do in addition to the growth that had been planned, it allows us to really redeploy the wide-bodies much more effectively, putting the right aircraft on the right route and also sets us up nicely for the alternate retirement of some of those older aircraft. But keep in mind, these are 30-year assets we're investing in and these are all the newest most efficient aircraft, so they're going to have a nice CASM benefit for us.
Gerry Laderman: I would just say it's indicative of the fact that as of now the number of MAXes we have is relatively small part of the fleet. So, the adjustment right now is solely a result of the MAXes and the suspension of service to Delhi and that pretty much everything else is tracking as we expected and that this is simply the arithmetic of changing the capacity outlook.
Gerry Laderman: Obviously, if the grounding lasted long enough, Boeing wouldn't be able to deliver aircraft. But expectation that if this returned to service this summer, it won't impact the timing of our deliveries beyond this year. So, the aircraft scheduled for delivery this year we would expect to take this year.
Gerry Laderman: Hey, Helane, it's Gerry. So, right now we're focused on assisting every way we can with regulators and with Boeing on solving the problem and that's all we're focused on. Having said that, obviously, there are some costs that we've been incurring and we expect to continue to incur. Boeing has been a great partner of ours for decades. And if you use some historical references such as the 787 situation a number of years ago we'll have a conversation with Boeing and I expect like we always do to resolve whatever that conversation is in a way that works for both of us.
Gerry Laderman: So, on the deliveries, no we had no aircraft scheduled for delivery in the fourth quarter. Although I would expect that some of those third quarter aircraft end up slipping to the fourth quarter, but there were no previously scheduled fourth quarter deliveries.
Gerry Laderman: So I'll take that second question first and that breakdown between pre-delivery deposits and what we pay at delivery varies airline to airline and it's really not something airlines specifically talk about. That might be a better question for Boeing to answer. With respect to first quarter CASMex performance which did end up somewhat better than our expectations, but really a lot of that was just timing, certain maintenance events that nothing more than we expected for instance some engine maintenance that ended up not having to be done, but we would expect that to be done later in the year. It's that sort of thing. It's strictly timing versus what our original expectations were.
Scott Kirby: So as we said, we think this is a significant opportunity. We're not going to proactively affirm what the number is and the size of the opportunity, but we certainly would disagree with your analysis on the potential opportunity.
Scott Kirby: Well, firstly, we're not going to talk about the negotiations. We certainly have a lot of tough conversations about Chase to start. Look, first, I think it is fair to describe the opportunity. And while our number of passengers is smaller, if you look at our revenues, it's essentially the same, which is indicative of the fact that United is in the best market with hubs in New York, Washington D.C., Chicago, Houston, Denver, San Francisco and Los Angeles. I think there's no question that we have the best set of markets and the best potential for cards for total spend. Great markets with high incomes, it is -- they are the premier markets with a premium card demand. And I think there's no question that we have the most potential. The issue is around realizing that with Chase and we are working hard with them. We are in discussions with them. Those have been ongoing and hopefully got a little bit of octane boost from the recent competitive announcement, but both sides are actively engaged and working hard on a win-win solution that work for Chase that work for United and that gets more customers more and more economics for both of us.
Scott Kirby: And we really are by the way -- in the future we're going to try to not -- we really don't have anything to add on the card, so we ask to not ask the same questions over and over again please.
Scott Kirby: No, it's not. And I would say that ALPA has been a great partner for us on the MAX issue. While we have negotiations, we don't always agree about everything. But it comes to safety here at United that's one where we work hand in glove with ALPA and we appreciate their active involvement in the process so far. But it is not at all hindering or impacting the ongoing negotiations.
Scott Kirby: And I would just add since you asked about the full year guide we've assumed from the full year that effective at the end of September, we will not be in Expedia and we are still comfortable with our $10 to $12 guide.
Scott Kirby: That's probably an accurate description. We'll look forward to having terminal nine built someday. And today we're really full at Los Angeles. We have incredible utilization on our gates and we will look forward to the opportunity to get more gates and grow in Los Angeles at some point in the future when that's done.
Scott Kirby: So, actually I think you used the word there of scope really that we don't use. It is -- it's important that we'll be able to grow United Airlines. It's important that we will do that in a way that is good for our pilots and all of our employees, our customers and our shareholders. And so getting to a win-win position where we can offer our customers a great product in the markets that aren't large enough for mainline flying is really important. The CRJ-550 is going to give us a unique ability to compete for premium demand that none of our competitors have, but it still remains important. And we are working with our pilots on it to find a win-win solution that allows us to be competitive with other full service carriers across the board. And I'm confident that we're going to get there, we're going to do it in a way that is a win for us and our pilots feel good about being a win for them and their growth opportunities in the future.
Scott Kirby: We are confident in the training programs at United Airlines and what we do for training our pilots. I don't think we're prepared to comment on the training programs at Ethiopian. We do have a process that we go through and will continue to go through that involves IOSA standards for auditing, for all of our codeshare partners that we use, but we don't have specific commentary on their training programs.
Scott Kirby: We go through that audit process with all of our partners and we have done that for at least as long as I've been in the airline industry.
Andrew Nocella: I think Jamie -- Hunter, its Andrew, sorry. I think we've made a lot of progress with Gemini and we've been very careful on to change our booking curve reflect the fact that we have more close-in demand. So, we learn from it every day obviously and we get better and better at it. But there may be still some upside there as we kind of go through the rest of the year as we tweak how we work with Gemini. So, that's more to come I think. But we've been very conscious to make sure that we start changing our booking curve to reflect the revenue potential of the airline and we successfully did that in Q1 and we think we're well on our way to doing that in Q2.
Andrew Nocella: This is Andrew. Maybe I'll try to answer that question. It's complicated from the perspective of we can sell tickets in many, many different ways. But we were clear earlier this year that we'll be moving on, on the distribution partners better suited to our future not our past. Expedia tried to stop us and quite frankly failed. The most simple way to say this is time to change. Companies need to evolve and innovate and we hear United have changed a lot. We have in particular invested in our own website and our app to be much more cost effective to be transparent and come up with the optimal sales abilities to distribute our content. Expedia has historically been very good in selling our lowest fares. But quite honestly we think we can sell our lowest fares just as well and that's where we are. So, we look forward to having a direct relationship with our customers going forward and that's really where we are with Expedia.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Well, as we talked about Q1 we thought was very strong. And as we look forward into Q2, I would say the same that we're really happy with demand levels across the Board. There are a few pockets, Argentina being one of them, that's a little weak. But overall we feel really good about this. Europe, for the next few weeks, is weak due to the Easter holiday shift, but after that looks really great in both cabins. And Latin America is I think clearly going to be our best-performing entity of the quarter and a big part of that is the Easter shift. So, there's a lot going on. A lot of the holidays have moved which affects how we look at things. But I would say the underlying demand that we see are going -- or particularly as we look out into May and June is very good.
Andrew Nocella: It's really insignificant at this point. I will say we started selling -- or we started flying the cabin earlier this month, Tokyo-Newark was the first route. And there's a couple of things we're looking at one of them what is the yield versus coach. And as I said earlier, that's tracking to more than two times coach. The other thing is we had expectations for load factors in excess -- payload factors in excess of 70%. And in fact the first two weeks the payload factor has been 89%. So, we've got this -- we really started-off with a great few weeks here with this new product, but this is really early days on very few of our aircraft today. But every day there'll be more and more. Ultimately, Premium Plus will be 7% to 8% of our wide-body capacity going forward. And given what we've seen over the last two weeks we think this will have an impact on our 2020 and 2021 financials in a really important way. So, I can't say how excited we are in particular given the data points we've seen over the last two weeks.
Andrew Nocella: And the other revenue category -- this is Andrew speaking. Last year we had one-time payment from Chase that we didn't get this year so that -- I think that reflects a big chunk if not the majority of the change.
Andrew Nocella: Yeah. Again great quarter really happy with the performance, but I'll try to give you a little bit more color. But in the March quarter across the Pacific we saw a good strength across really the entire region, but it was in the economy class cabin so that's actually great to see. We've seen really good strength in business class for a long time. So it's really nice to see the economy cabin catching back up across Pacific. Latin America as I said had a great quarter and looks really stellar for Q2. A big part of that is Easter shift and Latin America is doing incredibly well. But we see that strength continuing into May and June at this point as well. And the Atlantic again looks fantastic for May and June at this rate. And I'm really I think very bullish on the entire international entity for 2Q as a result.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I'll try to take that on. I mean, really we have a whole host of commercial initiatives big and small. I mean, we've talked about all those on the call before and we tend not to break out the value for each of them individually for a lot of different reasons but it's all the usual suspects. In particular the performance in the mid-con hubs as we generate this incremental connectivity, which is key to -- or trying to accomplish we're really, really focused on that and that's a big part of it. But basic economy and the segmentation and where we're going on our Premium Plus, Premium Plus has a lot to offer in the future given its brand new. So, I'm really excited about the broad array of commercial initiatives we have and what they're going to deliver over the medium and long run. And then the last thing I'll say is the international potential of the company is incredible. We're starting Naples and Prague in a few week's time and we now have the ability to successfully we believe fly to Cape Town South Africa with a 787. So we have a lot of potential in the long run for our international division. But when you bring all of these commercial initiatives together with the product changes we're making, the connectivity changes, the schedule changes that will break the liability of our offering in the marketplace, I think you see the results that we saw in the first quarter and what we anticipate in 2Q of this year.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Andrew speaking. As we look at it what we're trying to do in the mid-con hubs is create a sufficient level of connectivity, a level of connectivity that quite frankly some of our competitors have had for years and for a number of reasons United didn't have. So we're well on our way, but we're still well short of the number of aircraft we want to have on the ground at the same time to create that level of connectivity. And we've adjusted the structures in each of the hubs to make that happen. And as we continue down this path, we will build the connectivity to make all of that come together and build our RASM strength. So we measure the connectivity how we rate versus others in similar sized cities and we still see a significant gap that we're closing over the next years or so.
Andrew Nocella: So across all the different teams here at United, we've outlined where we're going as a team and whether it be the number of jetways that are hanging in the airport or the baggage system or ticket counter space, we've factored all of those issues into what we need to achieve the growth plan that we designed. So every airport has unique characteristics. Every airport has some strength. There's no doubt about that. But the plan that we've designed, we've designed an infrastructure plan around it that we can achieve in the short run to allow it all to happen. So there's nothing that's going to stop us from achieving the plan that we've laid out at this point in time.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. So, I think most of that is definitely all of that's online in 2021 and then it phases, so a little bit next year in 2020 and then all of it in 2021. The level is as we stand here today, while it's on quite a few aircraft actually, we're very careful on where we sell it as Premium Plus because we want to ensure that the right aircraft shows up at the right gates that have the product on board. So in year one of Premium Plus, we actually have the seats onboard, but we really can't monetize it the way we'd like to. So in 2020, you should see I would say in round numbers, 3%, 3.5% of our wide-body capacity being sold effectively as Premium Plus. In 2021, then we'd be between 7% and 8%.
