Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United’s fourth quarter and full-year 2019 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday’s release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company’s current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, investor update and presentation, copies of which are available on our website. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Gerry. First, we’ll take questions from analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up question. Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Michael Leskinen: Thanks, Brandon, and thanks to all of you for joining the call today. Please contact media relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Mike, and it’s a pleasure to join you all this morning. 2019 was a banner year for us at United, highlighted by a four-quarter streak of growing profit margins. This winning streak allowed us to reach our 2020 adjusted EPS target of $11 to – $11 to $13 per share, one full-year ahead of schedule. This incredible performance would not have been possible without the dedication of the finest collection of airline professionals in the world. So I want to thank the 96,000 members of the United family, who work so hard to serve our customers. I’m also pleased that they were sharing our success with a profit-sharing payment that’s on average 45% higher than last year. With all that we’ve had to overcome in 2019, there’s no group of airline employees in the world that is more deserving. You’ll hear more details about our financial performance from Scott and Gerry, but I also want to include, I’ll quickly touch on our fourth quarter results. Our adjusted earnings per share of $2.67 was 11% higher than the fourth quarter of last year. This reflects 50 basis points of adjusted pre-tax margin expansion in this last fourth quarter, which as I mentioned, is the fourth consecutive quarter that our pre-tax margin has grown, and the fifth consecutive quarter on an adjusted basis. As you’ll hear today, we’re all quite proud of what we accomplished last year, but I’m most excited about what it means for our ability to plan and deliver for our customers, employees and over the long-term. And that also includes the announcement that we made at the end of 2019 about the leadership of this company, with keeping this bright future in mind. Thinking back to where United was when I took over as CEO in September of 2015 and where we are today, this company’s success is a testament to the power of long-term commitment to our proved not promise philosophy. By every metric and benchmark by which the health and strength of our company is measured and judged, the United of today finds itself in a much stronger position than the United four years ago. I made it a personal priority to guarantee our future by assembling a deep bench of talent in order to give our customers, employee base and investors confidence in our direction and leadership. Today, I’m 100% confident that we have the absolute best leadership team any airline hands down, taking advantage of that talent and cumulative experience by initiating a deliberate, well-planned and transparent transition is what healthy companies do and that’s exactly what we’re doing between now and the end of May, when I’ll assume my new role as Executive Chairman. It was important for us to preserving this continuity and my partnership with Scott means we’ll continue to work on capitalizing the bright future that lays head, not just in 2020, but through the new decade. That’s why we’re eagerly anticipating the chance to get together for Investor Day in March to share more about that long-term strategy. So with that, Scott, over to you.
Oscar Munoz: Well, I’ll let Andrew add to that. I’ll let Andrew add to it, but it’s nowhere close to done and it was a big setback. The MAX has been a big setback. There are a number of markets that would have been upgauged last year that would be being upgauged this year. We began upgauge the following year that are behind because of the MAX play.
Oscar Munoz: We continue to assume there’ll be a safe return of the MAX. And we’re actually encouraged at what we hope is more – a more realistic timeline and target and we will be announcing soon our own pushback of service that gives us time from what Boeing is now saying about the MAX return to service to give us time to get the airplane back up and running, including time for classroom training and simulator training for our pilots before they fly.
Scott Kirby: Thanks. I’d like to start by thanking you, Oscar, for all that you’ve done for United and for me personally in the last five years. United is a totally different airline today than it was when Oscar became the CEO. Oscar made it his mission to change the culture of United by bringing the people of United together as a team. He put the customer at the center of our decision-making and created an innovative, fast-paced environment, where we seek to make the airline better every day and in every way. For me personally, Oscar has been a mentor and a friend. From day one, Oscar was direct, reminding me that there was more to our business than numbers. Many corporate executives talk about the importance of employees and customers. Oscar doesn’t just talk about it, he lives it 24/7. I will be a much better CEO and person, because Oscar reinforced the importance of focusing not only the numbers, but also our employees and customers. Leading by example, as Oscar has, is the only way to truly change a culture and make a difference. I’m fortunate to have the opportunity to step into Oscar’s big shoes as part of a planned and thoughtful transition. And even after as Executive Chairman, Oscar won’t be far away, as we continue on the path toward building the best airline in the world. That great path is delivering results, and I couldn’t be prouder of what the team accomplished in 2019. We once again achieved our guidance metrics and reached our 2020 adjusted EPS goal a year early. We’ve done that by creating a culture of teamwork across the entire company and focus – by focusing on doing the right thing for our customers. You’ll hear more today from Greg Hart, our Chief Operating Officer, who’s pinch-hitting for Toby, who is ill today; and then Andrew Nocella, our Chief Customer – our Chief Commercial Officer, on some of the things we’re doing to improve the customer experience. 2019 demonstrates the resilience and potential of United Airlines. We faced a number of significant headwinds last year, started out with a longer-than-expected government shutdown; the grounding of the MAX; and geopolitical issues in places like China, Iran and Pakistan, among others. Rather than use those – the headwinds as excuses, however, the United team simply buckled down and persevered. It wasn’t easy and we weren’t perfect, but we didn’t use the bad stuff as an excuse. That’s one reason I view 2019 is a really good proof point of where we’re headed in 2020. To be able to grow full-year adjusted EPS by 32%, the adjusted pre-tax margins by 170 basis points, despite all those headwinds is pretty remarkable. We know 2020 will come with its own unique set of challenges. In fact, a couple have cropped up in just the last 48 hours. We won’t make excuses for those either. We also can’t sit here and tell you that we know exactly how long the MAX will be grounded or what the economic impact of the Asian coronavirus would be. The safety impact of the coronavirus is, of course, our foremost concern. We’ve been coordinating closely with the CDC to ensure that we’re taking all the necessary steps to ensure that our customers and employees can travel safely. At this point, public health agencies are not recommending any travel restrictions, but we’ll follow their advice closely, because they and we have some experience with situations like this. By working closely together, we have, in the past, effectively managed situations like this one to keep our people safe. And in doing so, we’ve seen demand bounce back. Managing through uncertainty is something that every airline in the world has to do. And here at United, our formula isn’t complicated, put safety first and focus on delivery for our customers. Our team executed that strategy beautifully last year, and it’s important part of why we’re so confident about what lies ahead in 2020 and beyond. In closing, I’m truly honored to be given the chance to lead this great team. All of us at United are committed to making this the best airline in the world. You’ll hear more on the call today and in our Investor Day in March about some of what’s ahead in the long-term. But we’re all excited and committed to getting better every day for our customers, employees and shareholders. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Greg.
Scott Kirby: Well, all of the metrics are highly correlated with earnings. And so I think the principal metric is probably earnings. Higher earnings drive higher free cash flow, higher earnings drive higher margins, higher earnings drive higher return on invested capital. And so I think we’re kind of dancing on the head of a pin when we try to distinguish between those, because they’re all so highly correlated. And because they’re all highly correlated, I think, we’ll focus more as we are in our guidance on earnings.
Scott Kirby: So we are increasingly focused on improving the brand at United Airlines and the perception amongst customers. We’re making significant investments in that. We’ve talked about Backstage and Greg talked about a number of those investments. And it’s increasingly clear that there is a large segment of customers who choose based on the quality of the product and the quality of the customer experience. There are also customers out there who still choose their product based on price. And really what I would say is, what we’ve done is try to create a segmentation, where we can offer both sets of customers, what they are looking for. And our basic economy product tends to be more focused on price as the rest of our products can be less focused on being price competitive.
Scott Kirby: Well, typically, all of our fares are matching something. There’ll be multiple fares in the market. I guess your question is, how often are we selling the lowest fare in the market is really the right way to ask the question. And I don’t know the percentage at the time, I would guess. It’s a single-digit percent of our seats were sold at the lowest fare available in the market.
Scott Kirby: But I think what you’re really getting at is like the lowest fare in the market is probably selling – we’re quite selling single-digit percent of our seat at the absolute lowest fare in the market.
Scott Kirby: Yes. The maturity of the product really, by early 2021 we have it on all the airplanes we’re going to have it on. In fact, I think at this point, we plan to have it on every one of our intercontinental wide bodies with the exception of 14 767-300s, but every other aircraft is going to have it and it’s going to be very, very consistent. So we’re excited to get out there, and we think – we do think it provides a continued tailwind whether it’s a half a point or so or 60 points- the 60 basis points. That seems aggressive as you get that far out. But it is a continuing tailwind, along with the other actions that were taken on this front, where there’s more first-class seats on our 319, the high-J 767s that were flying to London Heathrow and Switzerland. So there’s a lot of initiatives on this front that continue to roll out that we expect provide a tailwind that’s unique to United for the next year or two, at least.
Scott Kirby: So we have decided – well, we want to focus our efforts and our guidance on earnings. That’s the key metric that we’re trying to focus on. And if that means we should grow 5% to hit our earnings growth targets, then that’s what we’ll do. It mean we should grow 1% to get our earnings growth targets then what we’ll do. We’re really focused on earnings. And so we always actually intended as we’ve built increasing credibility with hitting our numbers to stop giving full-year capacity guidance beginning next year. But given we have one competitor already do it and given the uncertainty that we have with the MAX we did a year early. But really, the only thing that are changing guidance had to do with the MAX, because we did it a year early, because we have a lot of uncertainty this year. But we always intended to do it and it’s really a focus on driving towards our earnings target and having all of us focused on earnings metrics as the right metric.
Gregory Hart: Thanks, Scott. At United, our focus is to ensure our customers have a great experience with United across their entire travel journey. Consistency is key, as we deliver caring service to every customer on every flight every day. With that in mind, I’d like to thank our over 160 million customers from around the world, whether you’re taking an important business trip or a well-deserved personal vacation. We know you have multiple airlines to choose from, and we truly appreciate your business. Improving our customer experience works hand in hand with our growth strategy, strengthening customer loyalty and increasing our feel within travelers. We’re investing in the areas that customers tell us matter most, and we’re seeing positive returns on our customer satisfaction scores. More importantly, customers are increasingly willing to recommend United to their family and friends and that is good for the bottom line. In 2019, we saw United’s largest ever year-over-year improvement in Net Promoter Scores. Where did this progress come from? As we’ve shared with you over the past year, we’ve made several foundational investments. Perhaps more important than any investments in our hard products, we continued our commitment to Core4 and caring customer service through various employee engagement investments, such as our Backstage 2019 event series, where he brought all of our 25,000 flight attendants to Chicago. We elevated the flying experience for all travelers by expanding our economy set snack selection and offering free DIRECTV. We launched ConnectionSaver, a new system that identifies flights to hold for customers making tight connections. We began operating the CRJ-550, offering first-class and Economy Plus sitting – seating, as well as plenty of carry-on storage space, all on a 50-seat aircraft. Customer feedback has been fantastic. And since its launch, the 550 is delivering our highest customer satisfaction scores on our short-haul routes. We introduced new benefits for our MileagePlus members with no expiration dates on our miles and offering free or discounted CLEAR memberships to provide an easier, more predictable, secure experience at all of our hubs. Looking forward, we are even more excited about our portfolio of planned customer-focused investments this year as announced at our meeting day. We’ll begin to upgrade our aircraft interiors, featuring new overhead bins that offer 1:1 bag to customer storage ratio. We’re updating our single-class 50-seat regional aircraft with new seats and adding personal device entertainment. We’re enhancing our food offering, which includes preorder capabilities. We’ll also be upgrading airport facilities at our hubs and some of our large line stations. Finally, we’ll continue our commitment to improving customer service. Starting this week, we’ll bring all of our airport and contact center customer service representatives to Backstage 2020, an immersive two-day experience focused on caring for our customers. The investments we have planned in 2020 are broad, improving the customer experience across many touch points. We’ll try a number of new ideas focused on key markets, quickly entering what is impactful to our customers and then plan to roll out the best ideas more broadly. With that, I’ll pass it off to Andrew to talk more about our commercial initiatives.
Gregory Hart: How are you? Hey, we’ve got currently one fix training device, MAX fix training device up and running. We’ll have a full motion SIM up and running in the next, I want to say, six to eight weeks, and over the coming months, we’ll take delivery of two more SIMs. So we actually feel really comfortable in terms of where we are relative to simulator capability. Obviously, we assumed a quicker delivery stream from Boeing than what we’ve seen and we’re more than amply prepared for whatever might come in terms of delivery stream.
Gregory Hart: Yes, Jamie, it’s something we’ve done here at United in the past. We actually haven’t thought about it too much. We’ve been focused on our plans, internal plans to make sure sure that we could meet whatever delivery stream we have on the aircraft. It’s obviously something that we’ll think about. But I would expect to have too much third-party activity in our SIM Boeings.
Gregory Hart: Thanks. Thanks for the question. This is Greg. We don’t anticipate any issues if simulator training is required by the FAA. We, as we talked about earlier, we have ample simulator capacity and we’re working on plans to allow us to divide by whatever guidance the FAA issues.
Gerald Laderman: So, as I said, the spike in CapEx was really attributable to those wide-body aircraft. 17 aircraft is – it’s just a peak year for that. And really, when you’re looking at our fleet plan, you kind of have to look at it over several year time horizon to – to take sort of more of the run rate number. So it’s really nothing more than that for this year. I would also point out that in that number, we are assuming the delivery of some MAX aircraft. And so we end up with no MAX aircraft, I would expect that number to come down a little bit. On the non-aircraft side, I would say from what I’m seeing right now, the number is a little bit higher this year than last year. But that is all attributable to really finishing the various reconfiguration projects that we have to get the Polaris modifications done and some of the other customer-centric modifications finished.
Gerald Laderman: Sure. Let me put it this way. We have not changed our commitment over the next several years that our goal remains flat CASM ex. And as I said in 2019, but to the MAX, we would have been at least flat and actually 2020, the same is generally true. And let me give you a little bit of color on the MAX. Looking at it today, we currently anticipate the MAX creates about 1 to 2 points of CASM ex pressure. So even if the MAX remains out for the full-year, taking the worst case, we expect that to be less than 2 points of CASM ex pressure. But let me remind you that none of this deviates from our commitment to deliver on our EPS target.
Gerald Laderman: So that’s generally, actually, some changes we made in some of our post-employment benefits, some of our post-retirement medical plans, where we’re able to save some money without changing the benefits at all. That’s really the principal driver there.
Gerald Laderman: So, Jamie, let me tell you. From my perspective, it could have been $10 to $14. Yes, just looking at the first two weeks of January, and I look at the spot price for jet fuel every day and the impact it has on the forward curve for the rest of the year. And if you look at it, so you would have seen a lot of volatility. So, given that, given some of the other unknowns out there and some of the knowns that we just don’t know yet how they’re going to impact us, as I mentioned earlier, and my general nature of being a little conservative that’s where we came out. And as I mentioned, we absolutely aspire to raise the range over the course of the year, but we’ll have to see what happens over the course of the next few months.
Gerald Laderman: Sure. As you identified, there’s always timing when you’re looking at quarterly CASM numbers. Last year, you may remember, there were some maintenance events weighted more heavily towards the back-end of the year. So the first-half of the year, CASM ex was better than the back-half. We always take that into account when we look at the full- year and look at our commitment to deliver. But for the MAX, flat or better CASM ex.
Gerald Laderman: It’s been our commitment. We’ve been public for several years on that. That’s our commitment. Keep in mind, one of the tailwinds we’re going to have, which has now been delayed a little bit is on gauge. If you look at our – what would have been our MAX delivery schedule, you would have seen the MAX 10 coming in and those aircraft, in addition to growth replacing smaller gauge aircraft. So that’s still a terrific head – tailwind that we have over the next few years.
Gerald Laderman: Well, keep in mind, the – have we had the MAX, we would have benefited both on the CASM side and on the revenue side as well. But we as the other carriers who did not have the MAX, lost income as a result.
Gerald Laderman: Look, I’d say, we’ve been careful to not use any of the events that have happened as excuses. We delivered on getting a year early to our $11 to $13 EPS goal, and we’re not going to start now using them as excuses. So we’ll keep our conversations private with Boeing on what we think the impact was and just leave it at that.
Gerald Laderman: Obviously, Delta’s advertise their new deal with AmEx a lot and we see it. We’re in close contact with our partner, Chase, and we continue to work with them on making sure that our program card is the biggest and best it can be. It’s been growing a lot over the last few years. In fact, we’re about to launch a new business card, which we’re really proud of. So there’s a lot more to come in this space, I think is what I would tell you today, exactly where the market is, where we are and where others are. I think it’s really a little bit difficult to tell sometimes based on what is reported and what’s not reported. But we will continue to make sure that the United co-brand is the best it can be.
Gerald Laderman: Sure. I – well, actually, I think, talk about that more at Investor Day coming up. But we have definitely tilted our capacity as we enter 2020. We expect premium products to be a bigger proportion of our revenue pie for the year and we expect that to have a really meaningful impact on RASM. But we’ll save all those details for a few weeks from now.
Gerald Laderman: It’s a big – it’s a hard number to move. So, getting from 50 to 60 is not something that’s going to happen overnight. But we would like to see united.com and our direct channels move towards the mid-50s over the next few years. It’s a big goal. We’ll see if we can get there. That being said, there’s no doubt we’re motivated to move in that direction, because the conversion rates on united.com for ancillary revenues are simply dramatically higher. We won’t give the exact numbers, but they are higher. So we are continuing to work to make that number higher in united.com by changing how we display and show things and the products we offer. And we’re also working with our partners that are third-party distributors to see how we can make those numbers get better as well. So I think there’s a lot more upside, but I talked about earlier was the fact that Economy Plus was being put on the shelf on united.com. In the past, I didn’t think we properly displayed that. And with this new beta tests we have going on and properly displaying United – the Economy Plus seat, we think that could have a meaningful impact on Economy Plus seat sales going forward. We have to get our products on the shelf for them to sell properly.
Gerald Laderman: That is a negative number on gauge in Q1, which we’re disappointed by, but somebody can get you the annual number. I think it’s not – it’s no longer valid, unfortunately.
Gerald Laderman: It’s a little early to be able to give you a good number largely, because until Boeing tells us what the MAX delivery schedule is going to look like. It’s just tough. Next year would have been a year of significant MAX deliveries. We don’t know what’s going to happen yet on those. It’s a little premature. We also don’t know how many of the MAXs that we assumed for this year might get pushed. I mean, all we know today is that there were 16 aircraft built. They’re sitting up in Boeing facilities. We’d like to get those when aircraft start delivering. But particularly with Boeing having shutdown the line, they need to tell us and to other customers, how they’re going to allocate slots to everybody, and that will drive a lot of the 2021 CapEx number. So it’s just too soon to tell.
Gerald Laderman: Yes. I would – I agree with that. I mean, Jim and I gives us the guidance in terms of what the demand forecast is to open up or close down. And so – and that said, by market, by day, by everything. So, I’m not sure how else is that.
Andrew Nocella: Hunter, it’s Andrew. I’d say, I don’t have the number off the top of my head. I think it’s in the neighborhood of 50% from my memory.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. And I think we’d like to continue to diversify outside of our hubs. We’re doing – but we’ll have Kristina contact you to give you a few more details.
Andrew Nocella: It’s Andrew speaking. It’s a really good question. And obviously, these things cycle over time. There’s definitely a long period of time where international margins are greater than domestic. Clearly, over the last few years domestic margins have been greater. And we’ve been pivoting here at United to fix our Mid-Continental gaps that we talk about regularly and we still think that is a priority. Unfortunately, the MAX delay has delayed our ability to properly fix the connectivity in our Mid-Continental hubs. And so we’re going to be focused on that as we go forward for the next few years. But underlying all of that is really, I think, the best global network of any airline, two from the United States and we’re really proud of that and we think it has a lot of opportunities. We do think these things cycle and we’ll be ready when the international environment is even better, and we did see strong momentum late last year, where that environment is better and international profit margins, in fact, are higher. And I think that’s going to come some day in the future. But right now focused on domestic, but we have a lot of strength and we have a lot of optionality in our international network.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. I think that’s absolutely correct. Yes, we’re just – we’re not where we hoped we’d be at this point. We have a lot more gauge to come going forward, as Gerry also hinted at, but the – maybe the other way to look at it is our scheduled depth. We’re just not where we need to be on competitive schedule depth and we’re trying to correct that and we’re also trying to engage in the right direction. And the MAX delay is kind of boarded our progress on that front, at least for 2019, and looks like for a big chunk of 2020 at this point.
Andrew Nocella: All right. I think, for the quarter, at a macro level, the entities I expect to come in and basically the same rank order. So I expect that the Latin American division will be our best, I think domestic second, and then Europe third, and Asia last again. In terms of a little bit more color, we’re just watching the situation in China, Beijing and Shanghai and also Hong Kong very carefully. We do think that Hong Kong, based on current trends is no longer a drag on PRASM, which was nice to see. I do expect that Beijing and Shanghai will still be a slight drag on PRASM. But what I can tell you is that demand over the last eight weeks to Beijing and Shanghai has actually increased. So from a revenue perspective, for the last 12 months, our ticketed revenues to Beijing and Shanghai have been down 4%. But over the last eight weeks, they’ve been up 3%. So I do think we’ve turned the corner there absent any other significant situations that arise in China, particularly Beijing and Shanghai. So good progress there. We’re watching Australia very carefully. The wildfires have really had some impact on demand. So we’ll keep a close eye on that. But all the rest of Asia, Japan looks very good and Taiwan as well. South America, I think is kind of leading the charge, as well as Mexico and Central America. So that all looks, I think very good. And in Europe, we’ve been deploying our new 767 high-J to London Heathrow. I think that’s having a nice tailwind on the system that has offset some of the Germany weakness. But in the case of Germany, we did see demand from our key corporate clients and travel agency sales go positive over the last few weeks, which is really nice to see after pretty much 12 months of negative numbers. So we’re optimistic that Germany is on the mend and moving in the right direction, at least at this point, which has lots to do with industrial. So overall across the globe, there are definitely a few spots, but we generally see encouraging trends.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. what I would say is there’s – the roll out will continue and we’re gaining critical mass, and therefore, I’m optimistic we’ll see that number inch up even a little bit more as we head into Q1 and Q2 and maybe in Q3, particularly when all the 777s have the product. Then we start to lap as we really get into the later parts of Q3 and Q4. And there’s a little bit different than that. I think our expertise and how we manage product will be a big driver in it, whether it can expand or not beyond that number. And so, I hesitate to say that, as we enter fourth quarter of 2020, that we can keep it at that same pace. But we’re optimistic that there’s still a lot out there as we learn how to better manage it from day-to-day and flight-to-flight.
Andrew Nocella: I think that’s the case. We actually – and just in the last few weeks have seen Beijing and Shanghai demand increased relative to where we were for most of last year. So I don’t have an official readout from corporate clients on that part. But I will say, as we look at corporate demand for last year, I think it was really healthy. But when you look at it, divided by the different divisions around the globe, what you find is our Asia Pacific corporate demand was, in fact, negative, where the rest of the world was positive. So it just provides an easier comp. So I’m optimistic that absent the issue that we had this last few days that we’re going to see stronger results, particularly in the Asia Pacific region as relates to that. In regards to – the – really, I think forecast and as we look at each quarter and we assess where we think things will turn out, we clearly have a tendency to put a little bit of, like to say, wiggle room, in the numbers for unknown things that will happen, because it’s been pretty predictable that there’ll be something unknown that will happen in any part of the globe. And so we do believe room for that. And I think that you can see that over our track record of the last two years plus on the RASM, guys, whether we left exactly enough room, only time will tell. But we do feel comfortable with current trends and the room we’ve left in. But we’ll have to wait and see how things unfold over the next week or so to really be able to firmly answer at least how that relates to what’s happening in China today at this point.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. So the 789 is the heart of our 787 fleet. We have the most of those aircraft. And the seating configuration on that aircraft as it relates to business classes, I think remains identical. That’s not the case, somebody will get back to you, but we didn’t change the number of business class seats on the 789 as it goes through its reconfiguration over the next 12 months or so. So we’re fine there. We did find a little bit of room in the coach cabin. So the density, the number of seats on aircraft did go up a little bit. So the aircraft has more seats in total, but we didn’t lose any J seats on that.
Andrew Nocella: Like I said, on the 788, we did reduce the size of the J-Class cabin. I don’t know the number off the top of my head. I think it’s 28 to 30 seats relative to where we are today, which I think is 36 seats. We did that, because the missions that we’re going to be using the 788 on are likely to be more leisure-oriented that have lower business class demand. We have literally 150-plus wide bodies with very large J-Class cabins, in fact, some cabins getting bigger on all the other aircraft types. On this particular aircraft type, which really have 12 units. We did reduce the size of the cabin to reflect how we will use the aircraft in the future, which has a more leisure-oriented tilt than business tilt, and we thought that was the right segmentation of seats onboard that aircraft, given how it’ll be used. But again, it’s 12 aircraft that have a fleet of almost 200 wide-body aircraft. It doesn’t move the numbers.
Andrew Nocella: I wouldn’t say it’s a halt. This is Andrew. What I would say is, we’re just not where we otherwise would like to be because of lack of the MAX. So we have built connectivity. We focused, in fact, in Denver. So that the Denver growth actually does continue. We have – we’re not where we’d like to be in Houston or Chicago. So only time will tell. And the other thing I’ll add is the CRJ 550, which has been a – I think a smashing success so far is doing really well and that does also help our Mid-Continent activity. But the MAX aircraft or a key ingredient to what we’re trying to accomplish and they’re not available to fly and therefore, we’re behind schedule on where we’d otherwise like to be. And we’re likely to be behind schedule for the foreseeable future, given the latest announcement from Boeing.
Andrew Nocella: At this point, we’re assessing the impact of the schedule. But we do not anticipate flying the MAX this summer.
