Jeffery Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Jonathan. And thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings call. Today, we reported pretax earnings of $2 billion for the full year 2014. We earned $5.06 per diluted share, and achieved a pretax margin of 5.1% both significant improvements over last year.  In 2014, we focused on improving our operations and customer service driving more revenue and reducing our costs. We are pleased with the progress of our core business leading to a solid year of earnings improvement. We earned over $900 million more than in 2013. Even with the costly storms in the first quarter that disproportionately hit our northern hubs. We achieved a 12.9% return on invested capital. Our unit costs came in better than expected. We exceeded our expectations for our project quality efficiency initiative. We grew our unit revenue by 1.6% with many of our revenue initiatives only beginning to take hold. We launched a share buyback program sooner than anticipated, have already returned more than $300 million in the program's first two quarters. We paid down expensive debt while financing aircraft at record low interest rates. We took delivery of 35 new aircraft and remodeled three terminals and eight clubs. We improved our operation meaningfully throughout the year. We had an ambitious plan for 2014 and we executed well on nearly every level. I want to thank our employees for the progress we made in 2014. Our plans for 2015 call for growing our core earnings and margins, further improving operation, reducing our costs and adding more customer pleasing offerings and service. While we had much work ahead of us to make United the airline we know it can be, we are excited by the terrific opportunities ahead for United, our employees and our shareholders. I'd like to take this opportunity to address the recent significant decline in oil prices and its impact on the way we run our business. First we will only grow the airline as demand dictates. The US airline industry has transformed itself over the last several years through consolidation and capacity discipline matching capacity with demand and United will continue its discipline growing capacity less than GDP regardless of the price of oil. We will also be opportunistic with our use of the additional cash we expect to generate as a result of lower fuel prices. We will use this cash to accelerate our path toward longer-term goals we've previously identified including reducing our financial leverage and continuing to return cash to shareholders through our share repurchase program. At United we will continue to improve our operations and customer service, grow our revenue, reduce our costs and appropriately allocate our cash. We had a successful 2014 and I am proud of the progress we made. Our team is excited about the significant opportunity ahead to achieve the level of earnings that we and our shareholders expect. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim, Greg and John.
Jeffery Smisek: But just -- this is Jeff -- just to be clear, those -- the rumored 777s that are rumored that we are looking at are not incremental airways.
Jeffery Smisek: No, Jamie, we're going to run the airline for profit maximization, and we're not going to be making decisions on any sort of short-term basis. We are very focused on maintaining capacity discipline vis-à-vis GDP. And we're going to continue that irrespective of what the fuel price is. Irrespective of fuel price, if demand were to fall off, we would appropriately size the airline to it as we always have. If demand were to grow, if GDP were to grow, we would appropriately size the airline over time to that too.
Jeffery Smisek: Bill, this is Jeff. Look, we can only speak to United. We will absolutely not lose our capacity to split. We found that to be very healthy for us. It's clearly very healthy for the industry, and we're committed to it.
Jeffery Smisek: Well, I do think that the capacity of discipline that has been shown by US carriers is not necessarily shown by international carriers. And I think that that's certainly a possibility, particularly in areas worth with a lot of growth such as low-cost carriers in Asia.
Jeffery Smisek: Jeffrey, this is Jeff. I think perhaps we're being sort of past each other here. The question that Savi had was prepayment of debt and what John was talking about was we have debt that we can prepay, but at some level your prepaying debt that has an interest rate that's attractive that you wouldn't want to prepay. And so another use of the cash would be to use the cash to purchase aircraft as opposed to financing those aircraft, which has the effect of reducing the debt that otherwise would be on your balance sheet.
John Rainey: Sure Mike. So the four areas where we have the most exposure are China, Europe, the Canadian dollar, and the Japanese Yen. In the past we have hedged more in the Yen. Going forward into 2015 the only hedges we have in place were only euro, and we are hedged about 60% of our exposure at a rate of about 122. 
John Rainey: Let me start with the 747s. You are right Mike, we have made some improvement to the interiors of those plains. Anytime we look at the retirement schedule for any fleet you often take into account when heavy maintenance events come due, and in particular these 747s, this is a good time to retire those. We still intend to keep the remaining portion of the fleet for some period of time. With respect to backfilling that, we are taking delivery of some Dash 9s this year and of course you have seen some speculation in the press about the 777 300 order. That is an aircraft that interests us. I don't want to necessarily comment on the rumors out there in the press. I will say that we have the ability to negotiate substitution rights with our manufacturers and so that is something that we are looking at.
John Rainey: Helane, this is John. When we set that target at the end of 2013, we assumed a price per barrel of again roughly $100 to $125 jet fuel. And that is how we arrived at the $1 billion in savings. Obviously, as jet fuel has plummeted over the last few months, that eats away at the dollar amount of those savings that would be realized but fuel swings both ways. And the thing that we're focused on is the efficiency gain. We are absolutely laser-focused on achieving the 7% efficiency improvement between 2013 and 2017 because just as that potentially has swung to a $500 million or $600 million benefit today, that could be $1.5 billion to $2 billion in the future.
John Rainey: We've achieved or completed about $320 million of buybacks thus far. So we've got $680 million to go, and we are very focused on the existing buyback program that we have in place. As cash flows come in better than what we expected, I think it's reasonable to assume, as I said, that we can accelerate that. And the timeframe is yet to be determined on that, but we are very focused on properly balancing capital allocation and an important component of that is returning cash to shareholders. So this, as we've said, is an evolution. This was our first step and we hope to build on that.
John Rainey: It's not on the radar in so much as we are focused on our existing share repurchase program. We have a lot of discussions as a management team and with our Board on the right way to allocate capital. We still believe that the reasons that we're behind the share repurchase program or are still there today in the sense that we don't think that we are trading at our fair value. If you look at our market cap compared to our peers and our conviction in the plan that we have in place to get us where we need to be, that there's still a lot of opportunity to buy back stock at discounted prices to the intrinsic value.
John Rainey: Well, we've got quite a bit that we can take advantage of. I will say that some of the debt that is pre-payable, the rates on that are pretty attractive right now. So one thing that we could look at is actually using cash to purchase airplanes as well.
James Compton: Hey Julie, this is Jim. When we guide we guide on the best information we have at the time. And so as I talk about the first quarter we wanted to line out exactly the tailwinds of weather last year that was contributing 1.2 PRASM for us in the first quarter but offset by the other items that I talked about whether be the MileagePlus, the stage length or the foreign exchange. So a net impact of 1 point there. That being said, I will tell you the revenue teams always focus on beating where we are at but what we guide to is the information that we have now. But the revenue team, the sales team across the network is always working really hard to improve on that.
James Compton: Julie, what I was wanting to point out in regards to kind of guiding to the first quarter particularly the domestic is that we did see in the fourth quarter a progression so that if you combine the months from November and December to eliminate all the holiday movements and things like that, the November, December -- really industry domestic as well as for us growth rates were less than the previous months during the year and we want to highlight that as a base. So that was more broad-based. I wouldn't -- there were no specific entities or sectors that would be specific to that. What we want to kind of re-step what we were thinking about in the first quarter that some of that deceleration we actually saw in the combined November, December months.
James Compton: Hey Hunter, I did talk about yield. The -- what we saw was an increase in the connecting passengers in both hubs. What we saw was a greater change in the mix of passengers with that. You are correct as you bring the hubs tighter, you create more connecting opportunities participate within the industry, but at the same time you also allow the revenue management just to really work that increased demand. And what we are excited about is we actually saw a greater increase in yield relative to our overall yield. But we did also see an increase in passengers.
James Compton: But again I will emphasize that we saw an increase in passengers that are even greater increase than yields. So we are very excited about the initiative.
James Compton: Hey Dan, this is Jim. You are right. I think some of the public data is never going to be -- obviously not the full picture and we have the full picture because of our direct channels and so forth and we are really comfortable with your demand levels right now. And over the next 6 weeks in terms of our book load factoring that across the system. So we are comfortable with where they are at and it fits in well with the guidance that we gave in terms of PRASM. 
James Compton: Well Jamie, I am not going to comment on discussions if there are any that are talking place. I will say that we take a very long-term perspective with respect to fleet planning. These are assets that we fly for 25 years to 30 years. If we are so fortunate that fuel prices remain at this level for years to come, we might adjust our view on what fuel prices we use when we make these fleet investment decisions. But for right now, we are still assuming the same fuel prices that we've used or the level that we've seen over the last few years, which is the $120 to $125 jet fuel.
James Compton: Hey Helene, this is Jim. We've been very focused on Denver and the team in Denver has done an incredible job over the last couple of years as the market -- the competition has either reshaped itself or adjusted in the market. But we are talking about the benefits are clearly a result of tightening up the bank. So the other benefits we are receiving in Denver are separate from that, but that Denver has been performing very well for us and the team has done a terrific job there.
James Compton: Yes, hi, this is Jim. We don't disclose the absolute percent that's associated to the energy. We are -- and partly because it affects the network in many different ways. One of the specific ways, though, is through our corporate partners and the work we do with our partners in the energy sector. And historically, our sales team has always had a very close relationship with them. Over the years as oil has gone up and down, we've always worked very closely with them and how we can help them in their travel needs and understand their travel needs. So today, the corporate salesforce team is in those discussions with those companies to get a sense of what they're seeing in terms of 2015. As expected, as we've seen in the past, they are looking at all their costs as they reject -- as they react to the lower oil prices in their industry. But to this date, we've seen just a small impact from our corporate business that we can measure very closely. But we'll stay on top of it and monitor it as we go through the year.
James Compton: Hey Joe, this is Jim. We don't comment on future pricing. I will say there are -- for instance, in Japan it's by law indexed, and so we expect obviously that will move as the rules of that index move and so we'll see it there. But in terms of international surcharges, we don't comment on pricing.
James Compton: David, this is Jim. We're obviously very focused on optimizing the revenue through our re-banking structure and the work we are doing there. And that's our main focus. That being said, you're right. It's a competitive business, and as we have re-banked and tightened our bank, those are connections that we are participating in that were participating somewhere else before. And so if you see incremental re-banking similar to what we are doing that will be a competitive balance in there, but our focus is clearly to optimize the revenue. And that's why we're really excited about the yield piece because we think the revenue management team can drive incremental revenue even with those competitive natures out there in terms of other people re-banking.
James Compton: The -- it's a great question right because it's a wonderful product that we expect to attract a business market that wasn't attracted to a 50-seater. You've got to remember also there's structural changes. We increased the length of haul using that aircraft. There is a structural pressure on RASM that happens. All being said, adjusting for all those things, it's a wonderful product that we think is already attracting a better business mix and will continue to do so, as well as to your first point that we're able to attach 15% per passenger more ancillary revenue than we are on the 50-seater.
James Compton: Hey, Savi, this is Jim. Our focus again to Jeff's point earlier of making sure that capacity is in line with demand. And so on the international front, a big part of our initiative is quite frankly the seasonal adjustment and peaking and de-peaking that we're doing by flying less into low peak demands right now in the winter. And when the demand is there in the summer we can -- able to up gauge that. So it's a perfect example that even in the environment that we are in we're matching capacity with demand. In addition, that global demand, particularly into Europe, has been soft. And yet we have over 7% unit revenue growth in the fourth quarter; another example of us really keeping capacity in line with demand. We are aware of the competitive nature that's out there. The growth in Asia, particularly in China, is running at 20% growth rate. We see that going through the year. That being said, our network is the best position to take that traffic with San Francisco and its local market leading the way, and that's where you've seen many of the routes that we've added, San Francisco, Chengdu and Taipei to other parts of Asia. So, we are aware of the competitive balance out there. We think we are well positioned. We've been in the market since 1986. We have strong relationships across Asia, and we see really good things coming. An interesting note though in particular to China, WTO in 2006 talked about 100 million passengers outbound in China by 2020. Now they think that will happen in 2015. And now people are talking about by 2020 200 million outbound travelers. That's to all points outside of China, but the US is a big part of that play. And we are extremely well positioned as we take a long-term view on our Asia strategy to capture that.
