Jim Compton: Thanks, Jeff. I join Jeff in thanking our coworkers for running a great operation this past quarter, despite a lot of operational challenges. They have also done a superb job implementing and executing on our Star Alliance membership.  Throughout the quarter, our mainline passenger RASM, on a length of haul adjusted basis, outperformed the industry average. While it is not unusual for us to run a RASM premium to the industry, for the last six months, our RASM has outperformed the average of the APA reporting carrier by anywhere from six to more than 10 basis points. And for the first quarter, our RASM outperformed the industry by 8.6 points. So we feel pretty good about our relative performance as it relates to RASM. In each of the months throughout the first quarter, we experienced sequential improvement in our year-over-year RASM percent changes. The results of the first quarter was that mainline RASM was up 5.4% due to strong load factors which were up 4.3 points year-over-year, while main line yields were about flat year-over-year.  Regional RASM was up 16.7% year-over-year, due to both stronger yield, which were up 10% year-over-year and stronger load factor which was up 4.3 points. As the economy started its downturn, regional yields were where we first saw the hit to revenue, as regional markets are more sensitive to business traffic. So it is an encouraging sign to see these markets rebound.  That said we are still very early in what maybe a long recovery. But we like the direction of the recent trend. Throughout January, February and March, we saw improvement in leisure yield. So this trend bodes well for the summer. We have also seen sequential improvements in the year-over-year change in high yield passengers.  In a recovery, it is difficult to see high yield passenger volumes come back first, so you can begin to manage yields up, which we have begun to do. However, the improvement so far has been modest with high yield revenue in passengers up year-over-year in the first quarter, but still below first quarter 2008 level. We continued to see sequential improvement in trans-Atlantic and trans-Pacific year-over-year business first RASM throughout the quarter attributable to both load factors and yield improvement. However, the year-over-year comps for the first quarter were pretty easy. On a year over two-year basis, both trans-Atlantic and trans-Pacific business first load factors were up several points, but yields were still negative. However, the yield trends are headed in the right direction. And Star Alliance continues to pull up very nicely. We are pleased with the revenue result so far from the alliance. On a year-over-year basis, our first quarter total passenger revenue was up 7.1%. But our total partner revenue was up 39%, mostly due to our membership in Star.  Granted, last year is a bit of an abnormal comp as the economy and passenger revenue were in the free fall. But the Alliance result versus the first quarter 2008 are very encouraging as well. On a year over two-year basis, our first quarter total passenger revenues were down 13%, but our total partner revenue was up slightly. This is particularly impressive as we are still in the beginning stages of pulling up the Alliance. Now turning to the second quarter. Corporate revenue booking trends are positive and we are seeing a pickup in bookings inside of 14 days, so we are managing to a more normal booking pattern. Before I discuss April RASM expectation, I want to remind everyone that the year-over-year RASM comps gets sequentially easier as we move through the second quarter. Last April, our consolidated RASM was down 13.1% year-over-year with both May and June down 19.9% year-over-year. Also, please note that the April ’09 comp is 6.5 points lower than the March ’09 comparison.  As Jeff mentioned, our European operations were greatly impacted by the volcanic ash plume in Europe. We cancelled 400 flights or approximately 300 million ASM related to this event and estimate the negative passenger revenue impact at approximately $24 million. We still have over a week less in the month of April and things will likely change.  But based on the data thus far including the revenue and capacity impact related to the volcanic ash disruption, we are currently estimating consolidated April RASM will be up about 14% year-over-year. And main line April RASM will be up about 12% year-over-year. Again, these numbers are preliminary estimates based on the data we have for April thus far and likely will change. With that, I will turn the call over to Zane.
Jim Compton: Hi Dan, it’s Jim. I think the – we are actually – right now quite frankly in terms of our capacity, we are rarely comfortable with our regional capacity going forward. We have obviously contractual agreement with our partner, we can work within those contractual agreements. But right now, so there is – there is obviously flexibility with utilization within those contracts and so forth, but right now we are very comfortable with where we are at with our capacity.
Jim Compton: If I understand I question, we are managing to a business – different business curve year-over-year as it’s reflected even in our investor update again where we talk about bookings over the next six weeks, for instance, and the domestic being down versus last year. Very similar to what we said in the January investor update, and so continue to look for that. And then if you looked at our actual load factor both that we reported in February, January, February and March, they were all up year-over-year.  So what it does is, kind of validates that the booking curve, the way we are managing it has worked for us over the last quarter. And in this investor update we are basically saying the bookings in the first six weeks domestically are down year-over-year. So we will continue to do that, because I do think it’s slowly coming back. Those business traffic balances both I and Jeff mentioned, but it really slow and the absolute value are still down from 2008, getting closer more towards 2007, but on the revenue perspective, still way down from 2008.
Jim Compton: I mean in the sense that by describing that our book load factor, that we are managing back toward a normal book load factor which means you are managing more toward in an environment where you are managing at the risk. I think we have moved in that direction and so we will continue to look like that, because clearly load factors are high and we would like mange up the yields.
Jim Compton: Hi Bill, this is Jim. And I – in their commentary, I also know they mentioned that they weren’t sure where it’s coming from. So looking at our data, we actually see pretty consistent share out there versus what’s the – particularly in New York.
Jim Compton: Yes. Kevin I think the – right now I think it’s really a function of business traffic and we have certain expectations that we have talked about the rate of growth in business traffic. My guess if we began to see business traffic accelerate versus our expectation that would be obviously trying for higher RASM. But again at this point, what we are seeing is a very slow pace to business traffic coming back.
Jim Compton: Yes, I mean, again as I mentioned, it’s what we see today and (inaudible) has also  mentioned their likelihood change, because it’s the best information that we have as we look at April today.
Jim Compton: Obviously looking back, I think you are right. I think around last May of last year, the booking fees on the online agency they pulled and so we thought that effect our penetration on Continental.com. I will tell you that we see great strength on Continental.com today and we continue to invest in it and the feedback that we get is great. But you are right, we begin to lap that in May, but clearly there was an effect on our penetration rates.
Jim Compton: The way I would like to think about it is reinvest in our website to bring value to customers, I think the best way to grow it is to increase best value to customers. So whether it’s a fair product, whether it’s some of the ancillary revenues that mentioned this morning that you can check in, take advantage of, as well as quite frankly continuing to add customer functionality to it. There is a lot of noise for instance with volcanic and the more that we can assist customers through the web and build that functionality which we continue to do today. I think that’s what will bring value to our website and that’s who we will compete.
Jim Compton: Yes, keep it in perspective, in November and December, we saw it’s about high yield revenue which is all of our corporate bookings booked within seven days, so I just wanted to be clear on the base. And we talked to being down about a percent year-over-year in December. And so for the first quarter, our first quarter bag revenue was up 20% year-over-year, but still down 17% from 2008.
Jim Compton: Yes, I think we saw a sequential improvement – I got a leap year in ’08, I am looking at numbers. I got a little bit – but January being down about 16% and March being down about 13% on a year-over-two year basis.
Jim Compton: At this point, because the numbers are changing, I would say – I just want to be careful, because I would say it’s slightly helpful, but again it’s preliminary number in terms of kind of bookings closing out the month and so forth. So based on kind of what we would report today will be slightly positive.
Jim Compton: Hi Ted, this is Jim. A couple of things; one, it’s clearly the largest alliance and so what you are doing is you are offering your customers significantly more options that they have had in the past, so that’s the main point.  I will tell you also that the partnership with these carriers in Star Alliance has been fantastic in terms of focusing on the customer and trying to enhance seamlessness and as well as good things like inventories and access across their networks and so forth.  And so the key point though is that it’s a much bigger more expansive network. It’s been around the longest and it’s all working really well for us.
Jim Compton: Well, I think and quite honestly, all the hubs of the partners out there, whether it’s Copenhagen, Frankfurt, Munich, London with BMI our partner, they are conducting a significant amount of traffic. But you know again, also under Alliance, I will tell you that Alliance work when they are win-win, and so that way Continental brings the Star in the New York partner as well as a partner in the US to Latin America. You can see the results, when Alliances are win-win for both guys, you really see – you will see it in the network and the numbers connecting across and it’s pretty exciting.
Jim Compton: Hi Dan, this is Jim. I would just also add that for us in the Star – our Star Alliance is so much different too, because what we offer New York is really a breadth of Europe. And so with 30 destinations with the Trans Atlantic, little bit different than the Oneworld, obviously focus the New York to London, not to minimize the importance of London, as Jeff mentioned our growth that we started with our fourth trip and our fifth trip in the fall, very important to us. But I would note that our breadth, we are flying to Copenhagen non-stop, we are flying to Oslow non-stop, we are not connecting in Heathrow in the case Oneworld or so forth. So we think we have a terrific position in New York.
Zane Rowe: Thanks Jim. I want to begin by thanking the entire Continental team for running an excellent operations despite numerous weather events during the quarter. Our team also did a good job of controlling cost during the quarter. We will look to ways to reduce cost company wide and to operate more efficiently as we focus on achieving and sustaining profitability. Our first quarter main line CASM, holding fuel rate constant and excluding special items was up 3.1%. CASM was negatively impacted by the severe winter storms during the quarter including blizzard like conditions in the New York area that caused us to suspend operations twice at Liberty International. We estimate these closures to have negatively impacted the first quarter results by approximately $15 million. For the full-year 2010, excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant, we expect both our consolidated and main line CASM to be up 1.5% to 2.5% year-over-year. We are seeing some cost pressure from the lower capacity outlook and increased depreciation expense from the acceleration of certain projects. In addition, we are seeing an increase in our frequent flyer activity with our stock partners, which results in higher expense from higher frequent flyers earning miles in Continental as well as hire reward expense as our one pass members take advantage of our expanded network. Our first quarter consolidated fuel price including taxes and hedge impacts was $2.15 per gallon, given the current forward curve, we estimate that including taxes and hedge impacts, our second quarter consolidated fuel price will be $2.28 per gallon, and for the full year $2.30. We currently have about 30% of our remaining 2010 fuel needs hedge using a mix of swap and call option. We continue to hedge our field exposure to mitigate some of the volatility of fuel prices. Our hedge position is outlined in our investor update. Our fuel efficient fleet remains our best hedge against rising fuel prices and we continue to add modern fuel efficient aircraft to our fleet. During the first quarter, we retired our three remaining 737 300 aircraft and ended the quarter with 333 main line aircraft in service. Our regional fleet decreased to 253 aircraft as we removed seven CRJ-200 and four Embraer 145 from our capacity purchase agreement. By the end of June, our mainline fleet will be down 14 aircraft year-over-year and our regional fleet counts will be down 15 aircrafts year-over-year. Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $3.15 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments. As a percentage of our last 12 months revenue, cash was approximately 25%. We expect to end the second quarter with between $3 billion and $3.1 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investment. For the full-year 2010, we estimate our cash capital expenditures will be approximately $425 million. This includes both non-aircraft and aircraft related expenditures. Earlier this month, we contributed $40 million to our defined benefit pension plan, bringing our year-to-date contributions to $74 million. We estimate our remaining minimum defined benefit pension funding requirement for this year are approximately $50 million. In conclusion, our entire team is focused on returning to profitability and sustaining that profitability. We have the best employees in the business and they deliver an industry leading products everyday. We offer customers a globally diverse network, which is further enhanced by being part of the best and largest alliance in the world.  We have committed to make smart investments in our products that are customers’ value and are willing to pay for. We are well positioned with our modern fuel efficient fleet, which will be further enhanced by the addition of the 787 next year. We are growing our revenue stream, while offering our customers more product choices and we are willing to challenge the way we have done things in the past and explore new opportunities.  With that, I will turn the call back over to Jeff.
Zane Rowe: Jamie, unfortunately I can’t comment on that piece in particular. And as you know there are a lot of moving parts. I think I highlighted the critical components of the change, but I can’t comment on our underlying profit assumption there.
Zane Rowe: David, this is Zane. Our hedge strategy hasn’t changed and you see us continue to build up our hedge position through the course of the year. If you see our investor update, we have got it well laid out there with all of our current positions.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks Jim and Zane. The economic environment is clearly improving and we are encouraged by that trend. However, we are only in the early stages of the recovery. Business travel is indeed returning, but at a slow pace.  A certain amount of caution regarding business trend is warranted as we are uncertain as to the level to which business travel will return. That said, the trends we have been seeing on the leader side bode well for the peak summer season. As always, we will continue to monitor the operating environment and will adapt if necessary to the challenges that arise.  We will continue to explore different approaches to the business and are willing to take measured and thoughtful product risk so we can start making money again. We are also well attuned to industry and competitive dynamics and will make changes necessitated by those dynamics. We have a great franchise and many strengths. We remain committed to leveraging those strength to return to and sustain profitability.  With that, I will turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin our Q&A.
Jeff Smisek: Hi Dan, this is Jeff. We were locked out of Heathrow for a long time and it’s taken us a while to build the portfolio we have got and we are pretty pleased with ultimately being able to get five flights a day out of New York and twice a day out of Houston. But we will continue to look for growth opportunities.  Heathrow is an important, although from the perspective of our overall ASMs to Europe, relatively modest. At this point, we want to grow that and continue to grow that. So it’s really a function of slot availability, the time of the slots and the price of slots, but we are always interested in additional slots in the Heathrow, it’s a very important market for us and a growing one.
Jeff Smisek: I don’t know that I would characterize it quite that way. I will tell you that we are a business travel airline and very focused on that and we continue to invest in our onboard product, for example in flatbed seats, AVOD, modern fleet to 787 coming and to attract corporate travel.  We are keenly focused on it. I think you could – I think you need to perhaps at Delta is the source of that corporate traffic, because there are other people that they must be claiming to take corporate traffic from. Clearly, we are in battle with Delta in New York, there is not question about that and in Latin America. I think we hold our own – certainly hold our own in the product, but I would – I can’t really comment on Delta’s numbers or where they are sourcing.
Jeff Smisek: Bill this is Jeff. I am not sure it’s a cautious outlook as – what it really is, is we are just fine tuning the schedule. Obviously you have got the SM to come out from the volcano and things like that. But we have also had some aircraft delivery delays, because of the – the issues with the (inaudible) seats.  If you go out to Boeing Field, you will see a number of our aircraft scattered around the fields right now. And we are working to get seats on those aircraft and get the aircraft delivered. So it’s really more a recognition of some delivery delays we have got. But I will tell you we are focused on capacity discipline here. We want to make money here. And at Continental, we are probably have committed to the past in terms of spooling up utilization and spooling up capacity little too quickly and relative to demand and pricing. And we are going to be cautious and thoughtful about that.
Jeff Smisek: Sure, I will be happy to do that. We have as you know open contracts with most all of our work groups today. We are in negotiations with them, the negotiations continue. I won’t comment on the subsequent negotiations, but I will tell you that we are treating these negotiations like we have always treated negotiations, which is we are interested in getting deals done, we are interested in getting deals done in a timely fashion, and we are interested in making sure that what we end up was fair to the company and fair to the employees.Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate your help. 
Jeff Smisek: Well, Terry, we are – this is Jeff. We are very prepared for that. We had I think a very good program in place for quite a while not even necessarily in anticipation of rules, and I think we have done a good job. We, at Continental, have not had a single long-term delay since last August. So I think we have done a very good job. We are very focused on customer service and we are very focused on taking care of passengers.  Many of those delays, as you know, in fact all those delays are outside of our control, but we are keenly focused on the customer service elements of it and we want to get our passengers where they want to go on time. Sometimes we are hampered by the air traffic control system, which is quite antiquated and sometimes we are hampered by weather, but we have got – we have got plenty of planning and we have got the ability too and we will of course comply with the new regulation.Terry Maxon – Dallas Morning News: Great, thank you very much.
Jeff Smisek: Well, let me say, as we said earlier, business travel is indeed coming back, we are coming back slowly. The – what you are seeing as Jim contemplated out in terms of the unit revenue is remember the comps. The comparables from last year are very easy, because we are going to take this off back in time business travel was falling off a slip this time last year. So the year-over-year comps that you are going to see can be a little misleading, because they are out of a very low base.
Jeff Smisek: Well, I will take a couple of things and maybe ask Zane to jump in. What really focus on from the long-term is we take delivery of and operate a modern and fuel efficient fleet. That is the best hedge, because that’s not a financial derivative, that’s a physical asset that is very efficient. And at any fuel level is beneficial to us.  In addition to that, we engage in the – in typical hedging activities to mitigate again some of the volatility that we see in the fuel market, we use call options, swaps, cost of collars, depending on what we are doing at the time and our hedge strategy is a pretty consistent from year-to-year.
Jeff Smisek: Sure, it’s a very important market to us. And we are – we have got a spectacular hub at New York Liberty, it’s a true global gateway and not to be produced by any of our competitors. And so we are comfortable with our position in New York.  Obviously, it’s a market that we focus on, we defend, we offer a very good product as I was talking about earlier, we are improving our scheduled utility to important business market like Heathrow, as we have gone into Star Alliance, the breadth of Star Alliance and our – for example increasing connectivity, our more recent flight inaugural from New York to Munich, a tie in Lufthansa network as well.  So New York is a vital market to us. When we focus on heavily, we provide great service, great – and growing schedule utility and a superb product. So we are pretty pleased in our position in New York market.Jed Melnick – New York Times: Thank you.
Jeff Smisek: Well, we – obviously we draw a lot of traffic from New Jersey through the New York Liberty hub for its geographic proximity and of course for people who lived on the West side or Wall Street we are an extremely convenient airport. So we draw from New York, we draw from Manhattan, we draw from New Jersey.  But the New York hub is a well functioning hub with very modern facilities and we can take you pretty much anywhere in the world either directly or indirectly via Star Alliance. So we are comfortable with our competitive positioning.
Jeff Smisek: Well, that is one – that is – JFK and LaGuardia and New York are essentially one market. There are – we compete for people who otherwise use JFK, we compete for people who would otherwise use LaGuardia. That is clearly one and a single market and I think we are quite competitive.  I mean there are people who prefer Continental service, prefer our loyalty program, who have a choice of airports between LaGuardia, JFK, or New York who prefer Continental, happens all the time.
Jeff Smisek: Well, I mean, when you charge a fee, big swings are in the second check bag, right? When you charge a fee, obviously there is consumer response to that fee and that’s good for us, because it’s fewer bags in the whole less on the job injuries from our employees, fewer bags that are misplaced, fewer bags that run out to a customer's hotel and it has changed customer behavior. I will give the stats again.  For the – and this is again – this is only with respect to customers who are subject to the bag fees and it’s on a bag check per passenger basis, since we started implementing the fees. It’s 17% drop in domestic first bags, 56% drop in domestic second bags, 52% drop in Latin second bags, and the 38% drop in trans-Atlantic second bags. Those are all pretty big numbers and very good for Continental.
Jeff Smisek: Dan, this is Jeff. I think we are comfortable with the Alliance to Alliance competition, that’s why we got into Star Alliance. I mean Star Alliance is a superior Alliance to the other two Alliances in terms of scope and scale, connectivity, the technology, it’s the oldest Alliance, it's the most sophisticated alliance, it's a well-functioning alliance and has superb members.  So we are very comfortable from an alliance perspective and we have all along been assuming the BA AA tie-up and we have been assuming the Iberia merger, as well, so I think we are comfortable where we are. We without question picked the right alliance. And as Jim was saying earlier in the call, clearly that is working for us and we are pleased with it. 
