Kristina Munoz: Thanks, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represents the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss the results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to our CEO, Scott Kirby.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks, Gerry. We'll now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and, if needed, one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question. 
Kristina Munoz: Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact investor or media relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next year. 
Scott Kirby: What I would say is, United really going all the way back to the last weekend in February has been focused on being realistic and objective about this crisis. We were accused by many of being pessimistic early on. And I pushed back on that notion because we weren't being pessimistic. We were trying very hard to be realistic about the crisis. And emotions like pessimism, optimism, hope, fear have no place when you're making decisions that involve the lives of tens of thousands of employees and the future of a great airline. And you just have to be objective and realistic.  And today, what we're expressing is not a shift from pessimism to optimism, as much as it is an expression of confidence in the future. There's a great quote that I love, and I referenced it earlier, from Winston Churchill that he said in 1942, over two years before the end of World War II after the African campaign and the Brits won in Africa that this is not the end, it's not even the beginning of the end, it is perhaps the end of the beginning. And I think that is the moment we're at now at United Airlines. We've done what it takes to get through the beginning. This is the end of the beginning. And much like in World War II, there was a long and painful, difficult road and a lot of sacrifice ahead. And the same is true for us. We're not getting through this until there's a widely available vaccine, which is probably around the end of next year. So, we've got 12 to 15 months of pain, sacrifice and difficulty ahead.  But we have done what it takes in the initial phases to have confidence. It's really about confidence on getting through the crisis and to the other side. And I think we'll look back at today, at this moment in time – we see it today. We were the first to call this how severe this would be, and I think maybe we're amongst the first to call the ultimate recovery. But we'll look back at this as the turning point. The light at the end of the tunnel is a long way away. But this is the turning point.  It's not only what we see in the core business. There's two other coincidental announcements today that I think are really significant, perhaps not fully appreciated yet, but really significant. One is the testing that's beginning to Hawaii and United under Brett and Toby Enqvist's leadership have really driven that effort. And United again, in a lot of firsts in this pandemic, has been the first to get that done. It's pushing to do more of that to open up international borders.  There are things that we can do safely, even when the pandemic is still going including flying on airplanes, but we're going to need testing to make that happen. And I think that will expand and you'll see that expand, and we'll look back at today and starting the testing as an important milestone.  And the other thing is the study that we've known about for months that has come out that we worked on with – that United worked on with DARPA and the Department of Defense, which gives more evidence about how truly safe it is to be on airplanes. We recognize that even if you're completely safe on an airplane, you have to have a reason to go. Disneyland needs to be open or your clients need to be accepting visitors in the office before you can go. That's why we think demand isn't going to get back – won't get above 50% until there's a widely available vaccine. But these are two additional important milestones that simply give us confidence. It doesn't mean that the next several months aren't going to be difficult because they are. But we have confidence.  And so, if you're hearing the tone change, yeah, it changes the way we work. We're now focused on – instead of just minimizing tomorrow's cash burn to survive the crisis, now we're focused on even spending money where we need to, invest in testing as an example. Andrew mentioned getting the Polaris mods back and going, so that we're prepared for the recovery to welcome our customers back in 2022, which is when we think the recovery will begin in earnest. 
Scott Kirby: I lost you there. I guess you said there was an actual hub at JFK. Certainly, our initial return, I think, would be coming back into the trans con and perhaps service to our hubs. And you're right, it's the ability to service corporate domain. And we have been – yeah, I said that on CNBC, we've been working hard. I guess it hasn't really been public. But we have been working very, very hard to use the pandemic as a way to get back into JFK. And I have reasonable confidence that we'll be successful.  The good news is, all the work that's happened at JFK in the last few years means there's actually more airport capacity. There's not many places in the US where there's additional airport capacity, but there should be more airport capacity. And we would be a new entrant there. So, I look forward to getting back and competing aggressively and for our customers who want to be able to fly in those transcon markets. We have our fingers crossed. And more than that, we are working hard to restore that service for you. 
Scott Kirby: I'm not going to be able to, I think, accurately predict it today, the fact that we're still early in this process. Clearly, we're going to be agile in the short to medium term and move capacity around to reflect where we're seeing demand today. And clearly, we're seeing more leisure oriented demand. And that reflects how we've tilted the capacity in in Q4 with more sunshine capacity, more Caribbean capacity, more Hawaii capacity. But we fully expect that business travel is going to get back on the road someday when the vaccine is out there and widely distributed. We are big believers in that. And so, we think business traffic will rebound. It's clearly not going to bounce back to 100% on day one. And our network will be different in 2021 and 2022 than what we've otherwise had planned. But there will be a day in the future and, hopefully the near future, where business traffic is back to the new normal. And clearly, the types of trips being taken will be different. And as I've said before, this new remote work environment, I think, actually could be a stimulus to business traffic and that workers need to return to their corporate office a few times a month to do the work. And so, business traffic may be different, but we think it will return. 
Scott Kirby: It's a really important question. But rather than me answer it, I'm going to let the real experts and the ones that have been driving the work, Brett and Toby, take a shot at it. 
Scott Kirby: I guess I'll start. And what I'd say is, we don't think that's going to happen. So, we actually think the opposite. We have been thinking about it. But I think that's probably something that is best kept to ourselves at this point in time for an outcome that we don't think is the base case scenario in any event. 
Gerald Laderman: Yeah, I'll just reiterate. Jamie, we do feel bad for all of you having to deal with all of us having different definitions of cash burn. So, as Scott said, ultimately, we get back to the more traditional metrics. But for cash, it's about liquidity. So, focusing on where we are at the end of the year on liquidity, the balance sheet, those become more important than trying to figure out each of the components of cash flow in a quarter and trying to do that adjustment that you all have to do because we all kind of describe it a little bit differently. 
Gerald Laderman: Well, let me start. Andrew can pile on. We have factored in, when we're looking at our liquidity changing over the over the next year, where we think ATL is headed It's flattening out, only declined 1%. This is not obviously a normal year where you would see significant decline in the fourth quarter. That's just not going to happen. But we are taking into account ATL as we kind of model next year. Andrew, I don't know if you have anything else to say about it. 
Gerald Laderman: Savi, CASM is directly related to capacity. And we'll start looking at that traditional metric of CASMx, which is the appropriate way for us to measure unit costs. And we feel comfortable that we can get the CASMx around flat to 2019 as capacity gets back to 2019 levels. So, we're focused on it and we're comfortable we can get there. 
Gerald Laderman: I'm going to say right now is I expect that to be more leisure oriented in the fourth quarter. And in fact, we've tilted our capacity to reflect that. So, in fact, today is a step up in our Hawaii capacity, coordinated, obviously, to the testing that we have out in San Francisco. And so, we're expecting Hawaii to be a part of the increased revenue as we go through the fourth quarter. Business demand is still down a large percentage. It depends on how you measure it. But anywhere from 85% to 90% down is kind of the trajectory that I would tell you it's at. It has improved a little bit, and it has improved more with smaller corporations than larger corporations at this point. 
Gerald Laderman: I'm not sure that second question is for me. All I can tell you is that we are doing everything we can to overall variabilize our costs and to be able to be flexible in really every part of the cost structure.
Gerald Laderman: I'll take that. I would say the fourth quarter is not the best quarter for a number of reasons. So, next year, first quarter, and through the year will be the best way to look at it. So, we could give you better color in January. The problem with the fourth quarter is there is a lot of noise. There's, unfortunately, the severance noise. There's also noise associated with things that we did in the second and third quarter. For example, when we started this crisis, the very first thing we did was, okay, let's look at cash payments and stop what we can and defer what we can. And we had terrific support from our suppliers and our vendors say, okay, they can wait a little while. But we didn't ask for particularly volume extensions, but there's probably 250-ish million dollars of payments in the fourth quarter that are associated with obligations that we deferred from the second and third quarter.  Maintenance expense is another good one. I think at most everybody in the industry would have done through the spring and summer is use up maintenance time on aircraft and let aircraft then kind of rest for a while before actually putting them into checks. That process has to start at some point. And for us, that process has started in the fourth quarter to get ready just for next year. And so, we'll see maintenance expense up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, which is why next year is going to be the better year to kind of look at that. 
Gerald Laderman: Sure. I think as I mentioned, as we shift our focus back to more traditional metrics, like CASMx, we'll get back to where we left off, which was taking 2019 as our baseline and managing costs the way we had pre-crisis, which is to do everything we can to keep CASMx flat or better over time. 
Andrew Nocella: Hunter, it's Andrew. We're clearly looking at it very carefully. We'll follow the demand trends. But as I said in my opening, we expect that our Q1 capacity is going to be very consistent with our Q4 capacity, particularly the engine part of the Q4 capacity. So, it could very well be the case. 
Andrew Nocella: As you just mentioned, we would have normally expected that our ATL in the quarter would have gone down by 10% or 11%. In fact, it was flattish, and we'd normally expect Q4 to start going down a little bit. And in fact, we expect it to be flattish. And it's really, I think, a sign that we are seeing an overall recovery and the short demand patterns are not relevant to that. So, we're pleased by the progress we've seen in bookings and are pleased by what we see in terms of the ATL when it normally would otherwise be declining. 
Andrew Nocella: I think the only thing I'd add to that, Scott, is that maybe going back to our hubs, our hubs are the home to a majority of the global business traffic coming from the United States, particularly New York, Washington DC, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Chicago, and even to some extent, Houston. And those markets, the business traffic, they're going to – our markets are going to bounce back quicker and stronger in our opinion and allow us to get back to flying faster than others. So, that's worth thinking about as we go down the road.  The other thing I'll say is that the competitive environment is not the same. I look around the world and the number of 747s and A380s that have been grounded is just – it's very, very large, obviously. And so, the competitive dynamics in the global arena for the next few years are simply going to be different. So, there's a lot of calculations moving. Demand is moving. ASMs are moving. And how flight survival based on what gateways they depart from will be different in the upcoming couple of years than they were prior to this crisis. And we're prepared to be agile and work around all those things to come out quicker and stronger. 
Andrew Nocella: What I'll tell you is we have planned Hawaii down 54% in Q3 year-over-year. I'm sorry, Q3 down 85% year-over-year. In Q4, it will be down 54%. It'll now be 9% of our domestic ASMs versus 4%. So, we do anticipate and we have seen a demand recovery to Hawaii. Ultimately, I'll report out on that in January and let you know how it exactly went. But today is our first day of our bigger schedule. And we have very nice load factors outbound. And we expect it to be a strong holiday season as well. So, we're bullish that Hawaii with the testing environment and the quarantine situation with that lifted was a good test, is well on its way and we're excited to have grown our capacity. And we think we put it in the right place at the right time. But again, we'll measure our success in January and let you know how we did. 
Andrew Nocella: Sure. We really have a groundbreaking new agreement with our pilots that allows us to variabilize our cost structure and bounce back when we're ready to bounce back. And they definitely had some concerns about how we put it altogether, and we worked collectively and collaboratively to come up with something that worked for both of us.  The second change that you're talking about, in addition to the 76 seaters becoming 70, relates to the ratio of how many block hours we can fly on RJs versus mainline. And we agreed to temporarily restrain that number versus what's normally allowed. We don't think that's going to have any impact on our schedules later this year or next year based on the recovery that we have seen right now. So, it was something we were able to do to provide some level of comfort to our pilots in overall agreement that we think is a big win for United Airlines and quite unique for our business. 
Andrew Nocella: That's a really good question. And I think you've got on to something that there is a different trend line now. Back in June, when we saw the spike in cases, we saw really a direct and negative impact on our bookings that impacted July and August. But I would say over the last eight weeks or so, we domestically have seen just steady progress. Even though headlines sound good or headlines sound bad, depending on what you read and when you read it, I think domestically, we would describe we've seen steady progress, again, focused on leisure demand, not on business demand, but steady progress that's divorced from the headlines, which is I think from our business perspective nice to see. 
Andrew Nocella: We actually have asked our sales folks to get back on the road. And I was recently in New York talking to some of our clients as well as we try to get back to this new normal. And what we hear is, one, that the policies of no travel have been relaxed. So, there is the ability to travel. It's sometimes a little bit more cumbersome than it was in the past in terms of the rules. You need to do it. But the no travel policy have mostly been eliminated, which was good to see.  And then second, on traveler sentiment, that's what we track. Are people concerned about flying? And we've seen material progress in that number. In fact, the number in our last reading was the best we've seen since the crisis started in terms of concern about traveling. So, really great progress on that front.  But as Scott said earlier, there needs to be a reason to travel. People need to be in their offices or around. And that really hasn't happened yet. So, we're anxiously – and we're watching, for example, the occupancy rate of New York City skyscrapers. And when that number starts to go up, I think you're going to see business travel start to rebound because there's a reason to travel. Right now, the reason to travel are just not sufficient enough to get business traffic started. But once it does start, I think it's going to happen in a reasonable time period, as Scott said earlier, and travel really connects us and makes the difference on some of those key deals being done around the world. And so, we fully expect it to come back. But the most important part is the travel policies have now been relaxed, so people can travel. 
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Leslie. Unfortunately, I could hear something about business models, but I really otherwise could not hear the question. 
Andrew Nocella: Okay. Well, look, we started just saying we'd be agile. We also added that New York, Washington, San Francisco, Chicago, these are the origin points and destination points for a majority of business travel to and from the United States. They also happen to be our hubs. So, we're quite confident that when business traffic rebounds in whatever shape and form it does, it rebounds quicker in our hubs and the financial viability of our flights is simply better than that of our competitors, in our opinion. And in fact, that was true pre-COVID, as well. So, this is something we're not overly worried about. We think we're in a very good structural place and we'll react to whatever we see in the world and we'll be agile because that's what we need to do. But we think we're in actually a good place in terms of where our hubs are, our fleet flexibility and how we're evolving the network. We have made a number of changes to the network, reflecting diversifying of capacity and really risk. And for example, we've announced Ghana, Lagos, Johannesburg, Bangalore. So, as we put our widebodies back to use, they won't exactly be going to where they were going pre crisis, pre COVID. They'll be going to a new set of destinations with a new distribution and capacity that we think reflects the New World. Obviously, we'll continue to adjust it as necessary. 
Andrew Nocella: We don't know the exact date they'll be recertified. And at this point, we don't have them in the schedule this year. So, likely sometime next year based on the schedule here from the FAA and Boeing. 
Andrew Nocella: I think everything that's happened recently, this is the most significant announcement that has come out. And while it will be important to keep doing more testing, the reality is, those tests are indicative of what happens on every airplane. An aircraft is just a remarkably safe environment. And even beyond just these tests, if you've been reading what the CDC and others have been saying recently, they talk about super spreader events and where it's dangerous, and it's indoors with poor ventilation and poor air circulation. What we've demonstrated with the DoD and DARPA is that aircraft – because the airflow is from the ceiling to the floor and is not spreading amongst the customers and because the air circulation is happening every two to three minutes going through HEPA grade filters with 50% air from the outside, there is no place indoors that is anywhere close to that. That's why IATA can say your chances of getting hit by lightning – it's equivalent to your chances of getting hit by a lightning or others that have said you need to fly 54 hours non-stop next to someone with COVID to have a reasonable chance of catching it. Aircraft really are a truly uniquely safe environment.  One of the important things with United, however, that I would encourage other airlines around the world to do for safety is make sure that customers have the benefit of that robust airflow system the entire time you're on the airplane, and you maximize that by running the auxiliary power unit before you start boarding passengers and until you continue deplaning passengers. United, I think, is the only airline that is doing that. It does cost them money. But it makes sure that 100% of the time our customers onboard an airplane, they get the benefit of that robust airflow.  But it is remarkable. We've known some of these facts for a while. It's encouraging to see more of them coming out into the public sphere. It is remarkable how safe you are onboard an aircraft. 
Brett Hart: Duane, I'll take the first shot and then Toby can step in and offer perspective as well. I think one of the things you have to keep in mind is that we're at a point in time where we have cities, we have states, we have different international regulatory bodies who are trying to regulate different standards and different tests to open up the markets. So, what we're doing in particular with Hawaii and San Francisco is we are trying to lay down a blueprint that we think is replicable in other areas and that will help us open up new markets. So, what we expect is that it will demonstrate that we can do this in an efficient and a very safe way.  One of the issues that we do have is that different tests are coming on the market, and we have varying levels of availability. We're working all of those angles to ensure that, as we roll out these programs and we hope to open new markets and convince new regulatory regimes around the world to adopt something that is fairly uniform that we'll be able to do that in a very effective way.  Toby, I don't know if you want to add anything to that. 
Brett Hart: Sure, sure. At present, our customers are covering the cost. And what we're going to work really hard to do is to drive down the costs of those tests, as we move to additional markets. And if you look at the different types of tests that are available now, you have more traditional tests, which are more expensive. But now we have increasingly rapid tests available. And those tests are quite reasonable in costs, down in the $15 range. So, we think as more tests become available and we're able to provide more options and different markets that we'll get to a point where this is a cost [Technical Difficulty] overall to travel for our customers. And we think that it's a cost that can easily at this point in time be absorbed. So, that's our perspective at the moment. 
Brett Hart: This is Brett. I'll take that question. We're certainly in close contact with state and local officials. And we have an interesting process and that they are all making independent decisions about how to govern their cities and states. So, we think there's a bit of a wait and see approach in most states and cities, but we are working hard to understand the direction that they may be going in. We're helping them understand what we're seeing. And we're certainly talking to them about the safety and health measures that we're putting in place in the spaces that we control in the airports and on our aircraft, and making sure that they understand what we're doing to help facilitate travel and the importance of travel to their cities and states, which by and large they understand. So, we're closely connected. I can't speak to what may happen in the fall. But we are certainly in constant contact with them. 
