Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Candice. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United’s third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday’s release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Company’s current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on line available to assist with the Q&A. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Scott.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analysts committee. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Candice, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you on the next quarter.
Scott Kirby: Thanks Kristina and good morning. It’s great having everyone on the call today. I want to start by congratulating and thanking everyone at United for your hard work, dedication and perseverance throughout the last two and a half years. Our people stayed focused on our unique long-term strategy, and we’re now beginning to see the strong and differentiated results. Our operation is firing on all cylinders. In fact, based on most metrics it’s running better than ever. That isn’t just better for customers. It also reduces costs and leads to strong financial performance that creates the foundation for United and that really positions United to be the world’s best airline. We recognize that the near-term geopolitical and macroeconomic growth and overall pessimism facing the global economy, including airlines are unusually high right now. However, there are three industry tailwinds prevailing the COVID recovery for aviation and United that are currently overcoming those macro headwinds and we believe will continue to do so in 2023. In increasing order of importance: First, aviation uniquely is still in the COVID recovery phase. Take one example, Japan just opened last week. And regardless of whether you think demand for business travel will ultimately turn to 100% or something less, it almost certainly is going higher from here. Second, there has been a permanent structural change in leisure demand, because of the flexibility that hybrid work allows. With hybrid work, every weekend could be a holiday weekend. That’s why September, a normally off-peak month was a third strongest month in our history. People want to travel and have experiences, and hybrid work environment untethered them from the office and gave them the new found flexibility to travel far more often than before. I’ll bet many of you listening today have taken an extra trip or two this year because you can work remotely for a couple of those days. This is not pent-up demand. It’s the new normal. And third, the strong demand environment is happening against the supply backdrop that currently has the industry 10% to 15% smaller relative GDP than it was in 2019 and the multiple constraints. Pilot shortages, aircraft delivery shortages from both Boeing and Airbus, air traffic control saturation and airport infrastructure constraints around the world are all real and they are constraints that will take years to fully resolve. These three trends are why all airline revenues keep surprising to the upside, but they are also real and durable, which is why we are so optimistic about 2023 and the longer term, despite the economic challenges. And for what it’s worth, you need to believe all three of those trends were estimates to go up, probably any one of them would do, though I happen to be confident that all three are already happening and are sustainable. And in that strong industry environment, United is uniquely positioned to benefit for the long term. United really did chart a different path due to pandemic than any other airline. Differentiated fleet and growth decisions, increased exposure to growing international markets, real technology changes to change the customer experience and run the airline more efficiently, long-term investments in the infrastructure needed for growth such as newer gates, or building 14 additional simulator bays during the pandemic, founding our own pilot training academy and a cultural transformation to be fast, creative, innovative and customer focused. It is just one quarter and we know we have a lot to prove. And our third quarter margin results and fourth quarter guidance with operating margins above 2019 are early indicators of both the absolute and relative potential of the new United Airlines. I am very proud of the United team for executing incredibly well and I’m confident that, we are well positioned for success next year and the years to go after that. With that, I’ll hand it over to Brett.
Scott Kirby: Everybody in the room is worried about what I’m going to say. I’m more -- going to be restrained on this call. We feel like obviously super optimistic about where United is headed, but recognize that the market isn’t there with this quite yet, and that was going to be restrained. But that’s restraining. Look, I think there’s a huge change that’s happened that’s not appreciated yet. I will perhaps be even more pejorative, I describe that business model as a Ponzi scheme, because it is predicated on growing 15% to 20% a year. The only way you keep your costs low is 15% to 20% of your growth, and that is now going to be a positive. I mean, look -- others are going to get on conference calls next week and say this is a temporary issue. There is a real pilot shortage that is real. It’s going to take years to resolve. It’s not the only one by the way. Boeing and Airbus are probably two to three years away from getting back to producing airplanes at the same rate. The air traffic control system, they do a great job at the FAA of trying to manage the system. But we have fewer controllers in the United States than we had 30 years ago, we have tripled the operations, but that works. Sort of okay in September, it does not work in July. And it’s not their fault. They do incredible work. In the FAA to put their fingers in the dike and try to do their best to manage day-to-day, but they’ve been pulled in so many directions, they’ve had to do drone and space launches and so many more people working on certification and aircraft issues without their budget going up. And until Congress authorizes more controllers, that is going to be a hard constraint on the operations of all airlines during the summer. And so, there’s just no airline, including us, that’s going to be able to grow at 15% to 20% a year anymore. And I think that’s a real advantage for us at United. It is a real challenge for those business models. The whole business model is predicated on three things: One, growing 15% to 20% a year; two, jamming people in like sardines; and three, it’s not nickel and dime them, $50 and $100 in them to death with add-on fees as they don’t know until they show up at the airport. And I think that’s a doomed business model.
Scott Kirby: Well, I had a really good call with the Secretary on Monday, as you referenced, because this is really something that we need to help them solve. It’s not the FAA’s fault. And so, I think when you talk about extract, that’s probably the most important point. This is an agency that’s done an incredible amount of work over the last couple of decades, and they’ve been asked to do far more. The asks of the agency -- the number of people at that agency that are working on growth, space launches, aircraft certification programs, and it’s just massively higher than it was before, and they were forced to fund that by taking headcount out of the operational budget, the day-to-day operational budget. And it’s hard to just look at the basic fact that there’s fewer controllers today than there were 30 years ago. It’s -- that sort of doesn’t pass the smell test for anyone, I don’t think. And -- but that’s not their fault. That’s an issue that we have to help them solve in FAA reauthorization. So that’s the conversations are about, how can we help you solve that? I’ve had one conversation with someone from the administration, three conversations with people on the hill just in the last 24 hours about that subject. And our goal in the airline industry is to help solve that problem. Because until we -- it’s a supply problem, until you fix the fundamental issue, it’s going to be challenging. Mostly works okay in a month like September, but we’re going to always have struggles in a month like July until we get staffed up to a level that’s more reflective of the amount of airline operations that are in the sky today. And so, I think we’re aligned between us and the FAA on the need to work by a bipartisan way on the FAA reauthorization bill to increase their scrapping to be commensurate. And by the way, this is about -- we’ve made the hundreds of billions of dollars of investment in infrastructure. This is the human infrastructure that goes along with all of that concrete that we’re building. We -- this Sunday in Denver, where we have 114 operations per hour, beautiful, big airport, 4 parallel runways built. But it wound up with something like a couple of sick calls, and the airport operation, not clear blue sky, Sunday, it was cut from 114 to 68. We don’t get to use our infrastructure unless we have the human capital to support it, and it’s about to get the human capital to support all the infrastructure that we’re building.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew, and a big thank you to the whole United team for achieving another quarter of profitability. As Brett mentioned, our recent operational performance has been record-setting, and we believe the worst of the operational-driven cost pressures we’ve talked about on previous calls are now behind us. Importantly, we’ve completed all remedial work on our 52 Pratt powered 777s and the vast majority are back in service with the last few expected to be on line by next month. On previous calls, we have noted the significant CASM-ex headwind driven by the grounded 777s, but it was more than just the capacity implications. We believe -- as we piece together a schedule with a suboptimal mix of aircraft, we also incurred a variety of direct and indirect costs in many of our operating groups as we waited for the return to service of a significant portion of our wide-body fleet. To put in context how impactful it is to have these aircraft flying again, our fleet was able to produce over 20% more ASMs for mainline aircraft per day in the third quarter compared to the first quarter. This provides a meaningful improvement in our utilization, which is one of the primary drivers of improved unit costs. Looking at the numbers for the third quarter. We reported pretax income of $1.1 billion on an adjusted basis and an operating margin of 11.5%, also on an adjusted basis. This was 1 point better than our most recent guidance, driven by a combination of stronger revenue and better costs. Our third quarter CASM-ex was up 14.5% versus the third quarter of 2019. This is a 1.5 points better than earlier expectations. The outperformance was driven in large part by our improved operational performance. A reliable operation is an efficient operation and a key to our strong unit cost performance today and for the future. As an example of how our strong operation benefits our costs, in September, we saw a 27% reduction in the premiums and overtime paid as compared to an average month in the first half of the year. That equates to a $35 million improvement in September alone. This reduction in premium pay is expected to reduce fourth quarter CASM-ex by more than 1 point compared to the first quarter of this year. As we look into the future, retaining top-tier operational performance will continue to be a key element to our execution on costs. Looking ahead, we expect fourth quarter 2022 CASM-ex to be up between 11% and 12% with capacity down 9% to 10% versus the fourth quarter of 2019. As Andrew mentioned, we expect the revenue environment to remain strong throughout the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect our fourth quarter 2022 adjusted operating margin to be about 10%, exceeding the fourth quarter of 2019 and adjusted diluted earnings per share, a metric we are happy to talk about again of $2 to $2.25. In the third quarter, we took delivery of 11 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft and 1 Boeing 787 aircraft. In the fourth quarter, we expect to take delivery of 20 MAXs and 4 787s. Assuming these aircraft are delivered, for the full year 2022, we now expect total adjusted capital expenditures to be $4.7 billion. Our most recent capacity guidance for next year assumes 179 aircraft deliveries from now through the end of 2023. There’s certainly downside risk to that assumption but under almost any circumstance next year, we expect to take delivery of more aircraft in one year than any other airline in history. We continue to work closely with Boeing and Airbus regarding our deliveries and we plan to provide you an updated outlook for 2023 in January. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with over $20 billion of liquidity, including our undrawn revolver, which allows us to maintain flexibility as we meet the uncertainties that remain in our industry. We used some of our cash to purchase all of our aircraft delivered to date this year, and we expect to use cash, about half of the remaining deliveries in the fourth quarter. And remember that every aircraft purchased for cash today increases our pool of unencumbered assets, which further protects our future. In addition to aircraft purchases beginning in 2023, we will have the opportunity to prepay a portion of our debt at par. In the current rate environment, it is a tremendous benefit to have the flexibility to prepay debt, continue to pay cash for new aircraft or access the financing markets opportunistically for new aircraft deliveries. And at all times, we remain committed to restoring our balance sheet and working towards our long-term leverage targets. I again want to thank the whole United team for all we accomplished this quarter. We are executing our plan and making good progress towards our United Next goal. And with that, I will turn it over to Kristina for the Q&A.
Gerry Laderman: Mike, you have to look, it’s a number of things. Yes, the savings is in the millions. But more importantly, it dramatically improves customer satisfaction. People are comfortable now flying United because they know we’re looking after them.
Gerry Laderman: Hey. Mike, the only thing I would add is that if you’re looking at the most optimistic side of what we’ve said in the past, I would say there’s a downward bias to that. If nothing else, I mentioned 179 aircraft scheduled for delivery through the end of next year. I’ll take the under on that number.
Gerry Laderman: I don’t -- it wasn’t that unusual. It was just seasonal, as we get back to the sort of the normal booking trends that we see over time. So I don’t see anything unusual there.
Gerry Laderman: Hey, Scott. So, we’ll provide, obviously, more color in January. But what I can tell you right now, as I think I said in my prepared remarks, these numbers just increase the confidence we have in hitting our numbers for next year. So, I think that’s the way to look at it. And the fact that we are confident in our ability to hit our pretax margin target, I think, says a lot.
Gerry Laderman: So, a good question, Duane. So, it’s too early to tell you our entire plan for the mix of financing or paying for cash for next year’s aircraft. So, more to come on that. We’ll remain, as I said, opportunistic. Yes, there’s no question we’re in a higher interest rate environment. But keep in mind, the financing portion of ownership cost for a new aircraft is such a small fraction of the overall cost of that aircraft, and the benefit so overwhelms that, even in the current interest rate environment, it really doesn’t have a dramatic impact on us. Sure, I love doing EETCs [ph] at 3% but EETC is at 6% or a little bit higher, that’s what we used to do 7, 8 years ago. So, there’s nothing new here.
Gerry Laderman: I don’t think you’re missing anything. The inflationary pressures are there. I think we’re pretty comfortable that we have a good handle on that, and that’s been incorporated into our thinking all year. We have the tailwinds from the return of the 777s, the tailwinds from this record-setting operation that we have going on. So, there isn’t any magic to it. I think we’ve been pretty clear what all the components are.
Andrew Nocella: Well, Gerry won’t let me tell you, so I’ll have to wait now. We’ll let you know that in due course, Mike, probably in January. What I’ll say about Asia Pacific, just to give you some color on that is, excluding China, in December this year, our schedule as published is 89% recovered. So, we are already well on our way to flying the full trans-Pac schedule, excluding China at this point as we enter into next year, early in the year.
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think this new normal really allows us to become more and more efficient. For example, Tuesdays and Wednesdays are not as much of a trough as used to be in a traditional week. For holiday traffic, holiday traffic is now spread out more. So, it doesn’t necessarily peak as much on one or two days. It actually spread out across a few days. And we see that time and time and again. And we also see like secondary holidays are incredibly strong, not just the primary holidays. And ultimately, what this could mean is that we operate a less peak schedule and a less peak schedule, we think comes with really enormous efficiency gains and that the marginal cost of an ASM in February is very different than that in July. So, a lot more to come on that subject, but I think a really interesting opportunity for United as it transitions from a very peaky schedule to something that’s less peaked.
Andrew Nocella: I don’t think I gave that number. Somebody else may have. But look, we announced a number of new routes, I think just last week, across the Atlantic. Our partnerships are doing really well. Quite frankly, where the dollar stands is incredibly useful from a U.S. origin point of view for transatlantic travel. And this season was incredible based on the numbers we’ve seen. This fall is also incredible based on everything we’re seeing. So just -- it’s full speed ahead across the Atlantic. And we are very bullish on the outlook, not only there, but across our entire global network. There’s just a lot of good indicators across the entire network. Once economy is open, traffic rebounds very quickly, and we expect to see that in Japan over the coming months.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. We announced a number of new routes for this past summer and all of them but one will be coming back for next summer. So I think that just tells you we had a pretty good success rate going across the Atlantic. And so again, we’re bullish across the Atlantic and all but one will be coming back for next season.
Andrew Nocella: I won’t give you all the details, Helane, because I don’t want all my secrets out. But I will say that one or two of those routes we added were our best routes across the Atlantic.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I’ll give it a try. First of all, our alliances, particularly going across the Atlantic with Lufthansa and Air Canada is, first and foremost, that is gigantic. It’s the number one alliance across the Atlantic. And we have the best partners and the best hubs supply to in Europe. And that is and will continue to be our primary focus. So, I just want to be clear on that. And of course, across specific with ANA, down to the South Pacific with Air New Zealand, these are all things we focus on every day here and are key to our global network. That being said, the Middle East was, the way we use the term, a white spot for United. Our global gateway supports all kinds of markets across the globe. And when we looked at the opportunity to do a partnership with Emirates, it did fill in this white spot and allowed us to access a lot of destinations that we could not otherwise access with our existing partnerships. And so, that motivated that. And the same is true in Australia, where Virgin Australia has a fantastic franchise. We’re so excited to partner with them. We were already the largest airline to Australia. And now, I hope to be not only the largest airline to Australia, but the most profitable airline to Australia. And I think that comes with the strong network we have and great partnerships across the board, definitely Virgin Australia. So, we’ll continue to look for opportunities that don’t interfere with our core strategic immunized alliances. And that’s what these two things in my mind represented. Quite frankly, at this point, United’s global network is pretty comprehensive. I’m not sure there’s many more of those out there in the world, but we’ll keep looking.
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think so far, and you can see by our results over the last 90 days and our outlook for the next 90 days, we think it’s a pretty good trend. So obviously, I would say that it’s positive for margin. There’s still a lot more to come. And I have to say that business traffic will continue to get better from this point. So, I’m optimistic that all of those like headwinds that United Airlines faced in the pandemic are still in the transition period to tailwinds, and particularly the coastal gateway impact. I think we still have a long way to go, particularly on domestic traffic from our coastal gateway. So I think there’s a lot more upside.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. I’ll try with a little bit of color here, if Scott wants to add in. I will say we track this by hub. We track this by industry vertical. And the ones that are the biggest to United Airlines are, in fact, the ones that trail the most. So, tech trails the most and professional services trail the most. And yes, our results, I think, are leading the industry. So, I think, we’ve quickly and affirmatively adapted to this new environment. That being said, I still think those are going to recover. And in particular, I’m convinced they’re going to recover on global long haul at a faster pace than the recovery on global -- on short haul -- domestic. And I will say even in the last few weeks, while it hasn’t been a radical change, there is a positive flow to the recovery rate that was, I think, really nice to see. So from that perspective, I will say that business traffic in these key coastal gateways in New York and San Francisco still trail that of the interior hubs on average. And that’s why, as we go forward, as those tailwinds get stronger -- and we do believe we’ll get stronger, I think that uniquely benefits United given where we are -- given what we’re doing fine today with these new dynamics, I think we’ll just do better in the future.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. We -- when we did the forecast, it’s pretty much flat. So, we’re not expecting a significant recovery on the traditional way we measured it. I’m not sure that’s the right way to measure it anymore, to be clear. So, we’ll be agile on that as we go forward from this at this point.
Andrew Nocella: Yes, I didn’t finish your question. On cabin, I think your perspective is somewhat correct there. We’ve seen incredible strength in the new Premium Plus cabin and in the coach cabin. We’ve also seen really good strength in the Polaris cabin but not as good, I have to say, as the back of the airplane. And so as that business continues to come back, we will hopefully likely see, I think, further strength in the front section of the aircraft. Again, the numbers are pretty downright strong from a load factor point of view. But the more leisure-oriented nature of some of the Polaris traffic today does fly at a lower yield than has traditionally been in that cabin. So, as that returns to normal, however fast or slow that occurs, that will continue to provide, I think, more of a tailwind going forward.
Andrew Nocella: Exactly true. In fact, one of the good examples will be our European schedule, for this winter, we would use to cut off Tuesday or Wednesday a non-peak day on many of our transatlantic flights from New York. And this winter, if you look at them, I think a higher percentage of them operate daily throughout the entire week. And the other example is the first two weeks of December. So after Thanksgiving, but before Christmas, we’re already booked 2, 2.3 points ahead of where we expected to be and versus ‘19. Again, that off-peak period is doing a swimmingly well. And so more and more, we’ll digest all this. And to the extent we can run an operation that has fewer peaks in it, particularly having the summer peak, not be so much higher than the rest of the year, that creates a dramatic amount of efficiency because when you think about it, we staff our pilot workforce for the flying that we do in -- from June 15th to like August 15th. And if we can staff for a much larger chunk of time, that should be incredibly efficient.
Andrew Nocella: Well, you have to separate it domestically versus internationally. On the international front, we have almost all of our aircraft that have gone through the Polaris mod. I think we’re down to one or two 787s that need to be done, and the bulk of our 767 400s. We have one or two of those done. And so we’ll be done with that Polaris mod shortly. Versus ‘19, we also have the Premium Plus cabin, which was -- just had been started, but was not significant. And today, I think it’s about 7% of our long-haul ASMs. So, that is out there. I think the big tailwind comes domestically as these United Next aircraft arrive with dual-class cabins plus a large premium section in coach. And as you can already see from our per seat sales, which I think were up about 20% in the quarter. As we replace single class RJs with those jets, I think there’s a lot more of that ancillary revenue to come. So, I think domestically, there’s just -- we’ve only just started would be my take on that front. Internationally, I think our premium distribution in terms of seats in Polaris is, at this point, pretty stable, given where we are just finishing up the reconfigurations.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I’ll give it a try. We are definitely seeing a lot of strength for the holidays or obviously approaching the Thanksgiving time period, and our bookings are incredibly strong. And as I said earlier and as you indicated, the bookings are a little bit different this year and that they’re more spread out across multiple days than they were on any single day, very, very close to the holiday in the past. So, that definitely is a new travel pattern for us. And we’re also seeing that develop for the Christmas time period as well. The price points, there definitely is this inflationary pressure in the country and everybody can see it as they’re booking a hotel room and booking -- or even go to the grocery store, quite frankly. And we’re managing our prices to make sure that we can produce the results we need to do and also a great value and benefits to our customers. We’re putting back in a lot of that money back into the customer itself as we invest in these new aircraft, which are going to be fantastic, whether they’re with CPAC videos or Wi-Fi on board and so on and so forth. So, I’d like to think that money is going to great use to create a much better experience on board. United Airlines as well as you can see in great operations to make sure we’re getting our customers for Thanksgiving or Christmas or any time, home to see grandma on time with their luggage as they expected.
Dave Vernon: So Andrew, I wanted to follow up on that point you made about running a less peaky schedule. If I look back sort of historically or think back historically, anyway, first and fourth quarter load factors [Technical Difficulty]
Dave Vernon: Sorry. So I guess, Andrew, I’m trying to dig into this idea of running less peaky operation. I’m wondering if the quarterly drop-offs from sort of 3Q to 4Q, 1Q, if that should be a little bit more moderate kind of coming out of the pandemic because of some of the changes you’re making in terms of scheduling the airline and just building to the new normal.
Dave Vernon: Outstanding. Thank you for that. And maybe just as a quick follow-up. Can you help us kind of orient where we are on premium product inventory sort of from the hard aspects of service in terms of seats and cabins, that kind of thing, from where we were in 2019? I’m just trying to get a sense for how much more runway there is in that premiumization? I know it’s a long runway. There’s a lot of room to catch up. But I’m just trying to think like is there any way…
