Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Jenny. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectation. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors.  Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release.  Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with Q&A.  And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Scott. Thank you.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. . Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Kristina Munoz: Ravi, I'm sorry. Can you repeat your question? We're having some technical issues on our end here, sorry.
Kristina Munoz: All right. We're going to now end the analyst portion of the questions and move on to the media. I think we might be having some technical issues on the operator. Just a moment. . 
Kristina Munoz: All right. Give us another minute here. If not, we might have to take a separate time to address the media questions.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Operator. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call today. Please contact Investor or Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Scott Kirby: Thanks, Kristina, and thank you all for joining our call today. 2020 was a year of going through hell, but we kept going. And a few years from now at United, we'll look back at 2020 as the year that gave us the opportunity to structurally change the airline for the better. I want to express my sincere gratitude for the outstanding work of the United team during such a difficult time. 
Scott Kirby: I'll try, and Gerry and Andrew can pile on if they want. This really is about when demand is going to recover. I think this team has done a pretty remarkable job of quickly, quickly getting our cost and cash burn down early in the crisis. And now it really depends on when we hit the inflection point for the recovery in demand.  And that inflection point will happen when there's a critical mass of the country that has been vaccinated. But also when we affirm a scientific and medical conclusion that once you get the vaccine, you're not only immune from catching COVID, you are no longer a transmission vector for COVID. That's an important step that hasn't happened yet that needs to happen. And when that happens, if you look at the shape of an S curve, it will be a very rapid increase in demand.  And it's anybody guess on when that happens. We have been more conservative, I suppose, perhaps than others. Unfortunately, we've been more realistic as well so far. And I think it's a little further to the right than perhaps others. But it's really not the point.  And the reason we said 2023 is while there can be hope that it's going to happen in spring, in 60 days from now, whether it happens in the spring or the summer or the fall, what we're really confident of is we will, sometime this year, hit that S curve turning point. And then there'll be a very steep increase in demand. And we'll rapidly go back to, call it, 85% to 90% of 2019 demand levels. And somewhere in there within a matter of months, it's hard to call precisely, we'll move from being cash negative to, I think, quite a bit cash positive.  And I'm not sure of the timing because it's all dependent on the timing of when the demand recovery happens. And then we'll be on the top part of the S curve where we gradually move back towards the 2019 level. And so that's the shape of what we think the demand curve is.  That inflection point, by the way, if you're looking for it, I think at the same time, I've been telling employees the same day that you feel like you can go kind of almost everywhere in the country and go to a restaurant and be at 100% capacity is probably when it happens for us because that's the kind of environment we need, where people are back in the offices and office buildings aren't limiting capacity, where restaurants aren't at 25% capacity, where Disneyland is open, where Broadway shows are open and you're able to go to them again. Those are all the things that drive -- those are the demand generators for aviation. And when those things are open again is when people are going to start traveling again. Those probably aren't going to be open until there's -- till we hit the inflection point with vaccines. But everyone can have their opinion on when that's going to happen. But when it happens, I think there's -- we have lots of data, lots of surveys, lots of evidence. There's huge, huge pent-up demand. And you'll see a really steep inflection in demand just over a matter of weeks and months, I think.
Scott Kirby: Well, thank you. I'm sick of it, too, and I love being able to talk about something other than what's going to happen in the next 60 days. Because this -- you're right, this is more important for the long-term. And I have been personally interested and cared about climate change all the way back to the 1980s, and we now have an opportunity to really make a difference. And what is clear is that as well-meaning as many of the programs are, particularly traditional carbon offset, they are simply nowhere close to being able to scale to address the climate change problem that we have. We produce 4 -- as a society world, we produce 4,000x as many carbon emissions as we did in the pre-industrial era. And there is simply not enough room on the planet to plant 4,000x as many trees.  And so absent some breakthrough, like fusion technology moving from theoretical to actually real, we are going to have to engage in wide-scale carbon sequestration. And we were honored to be a partner with Occidental and 1PointFive in the first kind of large scale, maybe even call it demonstration plant and project to take carbon directly out of the atmosphere and permanently sequester it underground.  And this is the kind of investment that needs to happen not just for aviation, but across the industrial economy to really make a dent and make a difference. And we need to start investing because that's how we move down the cost curve. 20 years ago, nobody thought wind farms or solar were economic. And today, they are because you move exponentially down the cost curve. It is going to need government support for this to happen. But I think it's certainly a feasible solution. And it's the only way that I can get the math to add up and actually make a real difference in climate change. So obviously, we have a lot of passion about it not just as aviation executives but as citizens of the world. And thanks, Helane, for asking the question.
Scott Kirby: And look, I'll just add on. Thanks, Gerry. I know we've created a fair bit of angst amongst investors by not being willing to say that we think the inflection point on demand is right around the corner, 60 days away. And we hope it is. We said from the beginning that hope is not a strategy. And the other thing we've tried to do all the way going back to the JPMorgan conference in March is be completely transparent and honest with you about what we think.  And the truth is none of us know. None of us have known from the beginning when this would end. None of us know even today exactly when this is going to be over. And if you're listening to us, your perspective is just as valid as ours because we don't have any unique data that you couldn't also look at for the turning point.  What we are confident about is that the turning point is coming. And while our base case is that the turning point is coming a little bit later than maybe some others think, that turning point is coming. And it's going to come at the same time for all airlines. So it really doesn't matter what our forecasts are today versus tomorrow. The turning point is coming. That's what it is. I think the most important message, it's the reason we focus on 2023 today. We hope it's earlier, and we can create pretty reasonable scenarios that getting back to 2019 EBITDA margins happen sometime earlier than 2023. But we have high confidence in 2023.  And we're not as confident about how quickly it comes back, but confident that it is going to turn at some point this year. And all this about what's going to happen in the short term is really about does that demand inflection point happen at spring on March 22 or does it happen during the summer or does it happen in the second half of the year. But it is going to happen. And for us, that's the biggest takeaway is that it is coming, and we're confident that -- in that ultimate conclusion.
Scott Kirby: Thank you. Well, I'd love for Luke to come to me with ways that he can invest $45 million because I'm confident that if we can find ways to invest more money in the loyalty business for everyone else, that, that will produce a higher return. By the way, buying more airplanes also helps the loyalty business or flying more routes because it makes the program more attractive to others.  But your point is well taken that finding ways to invest in the loyalty business is a really high return and stable set of cash flows and earnings right now even through the pandemic and going forward. And we don't have any announcements that we're ready to make publicly yet, but I can assure you behind the scenes that we are working hard on how do we think of that not as an airline frequent flyer program, but on a loyalty program that -- I'll tell you, the goal to double the EBITDA. The goal that I've given is to double the EBITDA in the next few years from the loyalty program by thinking about it differently, which will mean some of those investments go to the loyalty program instead of new airplane.
Scott Kirby: I guess I'll start and ask the rest of the team. The conclusions from the study should be the same because it's really about the size of the virus and how much it transmits. And so a mutation that makes a slight change in the surface of the virus wouldn't change the results of that study. So I'm not aware that either us or DARPA really sees the need to redo the study. I see our ops team, Toby and Jon Roitman, on in case they have anything different to add. I think they're saying no.
Brett Hart: Thanks, Scott. I want to start by echoing Scott's words, expressing our gratitude to the entire United family for their hard work and perseverance throughout 2020. While 2020 was an extremely challenging year, I'm proud of the way our employees came together to respond, and as a result, close the year with our highest customer satisfaction scores. Scott is right that the pandemic has fundamentally changed our airline forever. We doubled down on innovation and took advantage of this opportunity to make sweeping changes across every aspect of our business. But nowhere were those changes more critical and more profound than the steps we have taken to ensure the safety of our customers and our employees.  Testing, tracing, vaccines and advocacy related to these elements with the U.S. and foreign governments are the best way to get orders open and people flying again, taking each of these in turn. As more countries around the world and states in the U.S. put up barriers to travel to contain the spread, we have advocated for passenger testing as an alternative to quarantines and restrictions. 
Brett Hart: Darryl, this is Brett. Obviously, with the activity yesterday and what we expect to see today, it's going to be, in the first run, a pretty active environment, but it will be focused on addressing immediate issues. So in that respect, we're very supportive of it even with respect to any mandate to make them now related, for instance, to testing and the rest. We've had ample time to build a really strong infrastructure for testing, and we've set up programs in various parts of the country. and we can replicate that and create a seamless environment.  It's going to take direct engagement with the government here in the U.S. And quite frankly, some of these executive orders may certainly require direct engagement on -- from a foreign government perspective as well to make them work seamlessly. But we are actively engaged in those discussions.  So while we anticipate an active regulatory environment from the outset and would suggest what might be unusual for an airline. That is not a bad thing. Unusually, especially because of our engagement with both sides of the aisle, both in Congress and with the administration. So we're prepared for whatever may happen in the early months of the administration, and we feel very good about our ability to have an influence on that process as well.
Brett Hart: Yes. This is Brett Hart. I'll take this one. What we certainly appreciate is and it's evident in the last round of support that we received is that both the administration and Congress understand how critically important we are as an industry to the overall economic recovery. So we're continuing, as we always do to these, in direct communication with the administration and the Congress. And we're confident that if there is another round of support, that they will give us full consideration and that they will understand, at that point in time, our needs in terms of supporting our overall industry. So we just received the funding. We're grateful for that. It's really important for us and for our industry. But if there's consideration in the future, we're confident that our interest will be taken into consideration.
Brett Hart: This is Brett Hart. No, we don't. We don't have any information on that front at this point. I mean, look, the way -- the best way to think about this is we're obviously focused on the demand environment. And that could change between now and the time that we have to make these decisions. But we'll be focused on the demand environment.  There are a number of other factors that go into play as well. At this point in time, what we are is we're grateful for the opportunity to welcome our employees back and to get them fully engaged. And we'll make those decisions when they're timely. But we're not in a position right now to make any assumptions about potential furloughs in the future.
Brett Hart: No. We have no concern on that front. As we have said and continue to say, we fully expect demand to return at some point in the future, and we have been taking steps to ensure that we're in a position to react to that immediately. So we don't have concerns on that front.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. You got it right on the -- nail on the head there in terms of we do have these gauge gaps. And as we retire 50 seaters, I think you should see our gauge starts to move in the right direction. And then the plan we had in terms of domestic connectivity really hasn't changed. We have sufficient shortfalls there as well. So as we close those gaps, we think that's going to provide us a nice tailwind.  But the other key component of that is we have the largest exposure on the international side, I think, of any of the big large U.S. carriers. And we do think there is a bunch of structural changes there that will lead to stronger relative performance over that period of time, and that should benefit United more than our competitors. So we think we have that lever on the international side, and then we have the gauge and connectivity level -- lever on the domestic side, which should make, I think, a real big material difference to our performance in 2023.
Andrew Nocella: Well, a RASM premium, I suppose, is maybe the way I would look at it, not a -- to be more specific. But absolutely. We think as we move the gauge, given the size of our hubs with cities that are located in, we have undersized the gauge of the airline and we're going to move to correct that. And as you can imagine, that will have a nice cost tailwind. So we think that is a unique benefit, a lever we can pull that, quite frankly, others have already pulled, which gives us relative outperformance. And again, on the international side, I think our network speaks for itself in the structural changes that you see in the environment today. And I don't need to rattle them off. They show up in the headlines almost every day. It's going to be a really big benefit to United. So we add those things up and believe that our performance in 2023 is where we need it to be. And that's why we're excited to make that commitment. And again, Scott gave us the no-excuse policy a while ago, and so we're going to hit it.
Andrew Nocella: I'll give it a try, Jamie, without giving you all the numbers you want, I think. But international had trailed domestic in the past cycle, I would say, in the recent year or so by approximately 2 to 3 margin points. And obviously, domestic was better. In the next cycle, I don't have an exact crystal ball, but I do think that international will be probably slightly ahead of domestic.
Andrew Nocella: Sure, Darryl. One, we're counting the number of 747s that -- and A380s that have been pointed at the United States that are no longer in the flying fleets of many airlines around the globe. Two, we're looking at a significant portion of capacity operated by someone across the Atlantic that has publicly said they're not going to do it anymore.  So I add up all those facts. There are simply fewer wide-body aircraft in the fleets around the world. There's, in particular, fewer the very large ones with the very large business class cabins. And then there's at least one big competitor that's no longer flying across the Atlantic.  Those things -- when you decide to retire a fleet, those things -- you could obviously bring fleets back, but they're a lot harder to induct than to retire. And so that gives us a lot of confidence the world is very different on the international front over the next cycle than where we had been.
Andrew Nocella: I can't add much to that, Scott. What I would say is you started to call off what is important that we continue to innovate here at United. And as we talked to Doreen about this opportunity, and we're excited to have her start in just a few weeks, she's ready to come with a blank sheet of paper, with new ideas and new thoughts. And we will do things differently. And we look forward to competing and winning, and Doreen is a great addition to the team.
Andrew Nocella: Duane, it's really all of the above. I mean change fees, we're just -- when we talk to our customers, were the biggest obstacle we had to getting the brands and our NPS and everything where we need it to be. So when we add it all up, it is definitely a different calculation. And our revenue management systems will be slightly different and how we do everything will be slightly different. And I do think we will be more often the first choice of our customers when maybe in the past, we had not been due to this particular issue.  And so a little bit of shares in that calculation as well. When you add all that up, we thought about this long and hard, about a year ago leading up to the change we made late this summer, we think it's a positive for our business and a positive for our customers. And so we're in it, and we know this is the right path.  But it is a complicated calculation. And I understand that many of you have spreadsheet models, which have a revenue line item that says change fees. And that line item now has a very different number in it, and that's a problem for your models. We went through that same assessment as we made that decision and looked at all the competing factors for what was the right outcome. And that's the path we've chosen. That's what you've seen.  So I know your model doesn't fit that, and nobody's model actually did when we started this process. But we're confident that it will as we move through the end of this crisis, and we look towards 2023.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. What I'd say is we said long ago, this would not be a straight line of recovery, and that has definitely turned out to be the case. When we do look at next summer's bookings, they are down, but they're down a lot less than where we are today. And I think we've said that publicly before. And I think that's true of our industry in general. So it is nice to see that next summer is booking -- advanced booking's better than where we are today. But the numbers are still down.  Whether the demand is correlated to headlines today, I guess I'm not sure. There's so much moving around going on. Clearly, we saw headlines around Thanksgiving that caused our cancellation rates to go up. There's no doubt about that. The performance for Christmas was not as severe for cancellation rates. But the headlines were also not that great, and there's obviously a lot going on in our country.  But I'm not surprised that our -- given where we are for our Q1 outlook, based off of entering this most difficult time period for our country in terms of getting people vaccinated as quickly as possible. So I'm optimistic, but I'm also realistic. And that's how we created our revenue guide for the quarter, and that obviously drives our ATL and a bunch of other things that are relevant in all these calculations. So more to come.  I know that didn't exactly answer your question on headlines. I think I just maybe need a few more weeks to see where we are at the end of January to kind of get maybe a better sense of that. But it is more sluggish or more similar to what we saw in Q4. And therefore, it's not a straight-line recovery. And that's what our outlook, and that's what we communicated today here reflects.
Andrew Nocella: I'll kick it off. I do -- the new requirements did have an impact. That impact was very focused though on, quite frankly, beach destinations in Mexico, to some extent Caribbean. And so it wasn't -- the order didn't have a broad impact on our Atlantic business or our Pacific business, which already is down considerably as we communicated earlier. And it didn't have a broad impact on large chunks of even our Latin American business, but it did have an impact on our very close in beach destinations that we can see.
Andrew Nocella: Distribution is important to the entire industry, and I'm sure Amazon will do whatever makes sense to Amazon. Obviously, we sell tickets at united.com, it's incredibly efficient. But we also have great partners throughout the entire system. And if Amazon joins into the ring, we will look at partnering with them as well. That's something -- I don't know if that will happen, but we value all our distribution partners, and we just need distribution that works for us. And we will work in that direction. So interesting development, and we'll see where it goes.
Andrew Nocella: Sure, Savi. It's Andrew. I think what was -- the dominoes that started to fall prior to COVID have fallen, and the board will be rearranged as a result. We clearly have a strong, strong partnership with Copa and our partnership with Avianca continues and, of course, Azul as well. And we're really excited about that portfolio of partners in the region. It covers what we need to cover. And we're really sticking. And to date, I will say that the changeover in those other partnerships has not hurt us. In fact, I think it's helped us. Our performance, I think, has gotten relatively better.  So we have a great set of partners in the region. There's a lot of moving pieces, but ours are pretty good. And we're all set to make sure those partnerships can get even deeper. I think some of that work has been slowed down due to COVID over the last 6 months or so. But the team is ready to get back at it and make sure that these partnerships are key to driving our franchise in the entire region.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. A lot of moving pieces in the ATL because of the amount of credits that we have out there. In the past quarter, we were at 30% cash sales -- sorry, 70% cash sales, 30% everything else. And we see that continue in that number, the 30% to continue to move down.  The amount of refunds we've been issuing has also been coming down, which is nice to see. But the ATL is not moving like it normally moves in a typical year. And so we watch that carefully. But it has a different seasonality, and we expect it to continue to be different until we get past the crisis at this point.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Thanks, Gerry. What I'd say is that when you make fleet changes in this business, it's easy to retire aircraft, but it's a lot harder to induct new ones and replace them for a million different reasons. And so when we look out at the world, we see airlines have made a lot of different moves, and they generally go back to bigger aircraft being retired. We've clearly kept our flexibility open on this front, as we've said over and over again.  And from a planning perspective, one of the moves we've made is to move some of these aircraft into new markets. For example, we announced New York to Johannesburg and other service to Africa and more service to India as we plan to make sure that we don't necessarily have to put all of our capacity back into the original core markets we had in 2019. So we'll see how that goes. I can't predict what other airlines will do. I'm just looking at fleet plans and the structural changes that we've seen in the global long-haul markets and given you some of those facts.
Andrew Nocella: Sure, Leslie. It's Andrew. You hit it right on the head there that the demand trends have not really changed much in most places, including overseas.  Where they have changed is in the Mexican beach resort destinations and certain Caribbean beach resort destinations. In particular, Mexico had no restrictions prior to these changes. So the impact on those Mexican destinations is just more than other places that already had significant requirements and testing requirements that it already impacted traffic.  So the summary quick answer is we have seen a change. The change is very focused on Mexican beach resorts relative to the remaining parts of the United international network, which already were impacted by test requirements to begin with.
Andrew Nocella: Dawn, there's no doubt, the test requirement is a short-term negative. But as these tests get out there and that it reopens borders not only to Mexico but around the world, we think that's a good medium and long-term change and will prompt more and more demand. But in the very short term, it is a slight negative. But we are going to respond with automation and digital technology and communication. So our customers know how to take that trip and know what they need on the outbound and know what they need on the inbound.  And we will have a lot more to say about that in the very, very near future because this transparency is important to everybody. We'd like to get people moving again, and we know this is the way to do it. And we have plans in place that we will detail very shortly that describe exactly how we're going to do that.
Gerald Laderman: Yes, we don't have to be back to 2019 levels to hit those margins. On the cost side, the cost savings are starting now, obviously. We'll hit the full run rate when we get back to 2019 capacity, but we're seeing those results -- those benefits even today. So we don't have to get all the way back to 2019 to get back to those margins.
Gerald Laderman: Sure, Jamie. And to be honest, one of the reasons why EBITDA margin is a better metric to use in the short term is because as you know, to get through the crisis, the balance sheet has substantially more debt than we had going into the crisis. Interest expense for the next few years is going to run really pretty high.  So as I said, we're going to be balancing the pace at which we bring that down. That's, as Scott said, a very high priority for us. But to be fair, between this year and next year, of course, depending on the pace of recovery, I wouldn't expect the balance sheet to be materially different from where we are right now.  Of course, the -- we still have some flexibility we have until the end of May to decide what to do about CARES Act loans, and so there could be some adjustments. But it's really in 2023 and beyond when we start making significant progress on that debt.
Gerald Laderman: Several questions. Let me start with the choices we're going to make about paying down debt and investing. As I said, we'll be thoughtful about it. It is critical for us to get our debt balances back down to a comfortable level. Part of that is really to drive the ability to unencumber assets.  What we were able to do during this crisis was use available assets to raise liquidity quickly to build that cushion that's allowing us now to get through. And we basically need to revote and be able to do that again. So it's critical that we reduce debt and unencumber assets, at the same time, keeping liquidity balances above where we thought in the past was required.  So that, without question, is going to constrain some of the investments -- talking about investments broadly, both capital and operating investments. But we have to be balanced about that. To quote an old friend of mine, "We're not going to take the cheese off the pizza." So there's a limit. As you know, in any cost exercise, you can't cut too much. Luckily, we have experience in that, and so I think we'll achieve that balance.  The other thing you'll see us manage a little better is being able to build better flexibility into some of the commitments we make. If you look at what I said about nonaircraft CapEx this year, while on the one hand, the plan is to spend about $1.4 billion, we have offerings. And that's going to be embedded going forward in our planning process to make sure that whatever our commitments are, we know how to modify those if necessary, if required. Some of that may not show up in the commitment table. But flexibility is going to be critical, I think, going forward.
Gerald Laderman: Yes, I'll take that. So look, we've run a number of different scenarios on demand and capacity. And even -- we don't have to get to 2019 capacity to deliver on our CASM commitment. So there are lower scenarios, but it really depends in part on a couple of things, including timing, including some of the costs out of our control, inflationary pressures.  But look, our track record on costs, I think, should earn us some credibility, I think, from you that we can get these cost numbers and in reasonable capacity scenarios. On fuel, the only thing I'd say about fuel is we do assume by 2023, the relationship between revenue and fuel is back to kind of the relationship we saw pre-COVID.
Gerald Laderman: Let me start with cash burn. So first, just generally, nothing's changed in our thoughts about when we get back to cash breakeven. So when demand drives revenue to be less than down 50% versus 2019, whenever that happens, and some people may be more optimistic than perhaps we are in assisting our forecasting and planning. But that's the range where we start seeing cash breakeven.  In terms of some of these items, when they normalize, well, keep in mind that some of the sort of the noncore items include, for instance, debt payments. And that will be steady. This year actually is a very manageable year on principal payments. We don't have any major tower of debt coming due. And so that already fairly even throughout the year. And some of the other numbers as we get through these crisis, some of these more onetime items like severance begin to go away.
Gerald Laderman: Sure, Catie. I can give you a little bit more color. Keep in mind that when we're going through a program like this, it's not 1 or 2 big items. If it were 1 or 2 big items, they would have already been included. So think about this as just across the board.  A couple of keywords, probably the biggest one is efficiency. That's going to be driven a lot by the technology innovation that will unlock both labor efficiency and just better utilization of assets. We're going to be able to look at our real estate and start consolidating and combining some facilities, continue to streamline processes, technology investments and allowing our customers to do more self-service. All these things add up, but that's where it's all this comes from.
Gerald Laderman: Yes. As you know, we have been issuing equity with the earnings release, the amount of equity we sold under our ATM program. Look, no decisions have been made going forward. We're going to understand the need to balance the entire capital structure. So the best I can say is we've made no decisions one way or another about additional equity.
Gerald Laderman: This is Gerry. I'll start on just the fleet plan and point out that we want to maintain as much flexibility as we can on the fleet so that aircraft are there to support the demand. The only decision we've made on retiring aircraft are the subset of our 757-200 fleet. The ones -- there are about 13 of them that were covered by -- with the engines that are among the oldest in the fleet that, for a number of reasons, decided those are retiring, which is related to the charge we took in the quarter.  The rest of the fleet, the mainline fleet in particular, will maintain flexibility. And just in terms of the upgauging process, that's going to depend a lot on the availability of the larger MAXs. And we know that the 737 MAX 10 is not available until 2023. So that's not factored into the targets at all for 2022. Now I'll turn it over to Andrew, if he wants to talk about the regionals.
