Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Candice. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United’s fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday’s release and the remarks made during the conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Company’s current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are our Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Toby Enqvist; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line to assist with Q&A. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Scott.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Candice, please describe the procedure to ask the question.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks, Candice, and thanks for everyone joining the call today. Please contact Investor or Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Gerry Laderman: Thanks, Andrew, and thank you to the whole United team for closing out the year strong. With adjusted pretax income of $1.1 billion, we came in ahead of our fourth quarter expectations and not only returned to pre-pandemic levels of profitability, but actually exceeded the fourth quarter of 2019 on both an operating and pretax margin basis. Even more encouraging in the second half of 2022, we achieved an adjusted pretax margin of 9%, which matches our margin target for 2023 and puts us well on our way for that same success this year. Turning to costs. Our CASM ex performance in the second half of 2022 meaningfully improved versus the start of the year. As I mentioned last quarter, a big driver of this success is the return of the grounded 777 to flying and further improvement in our operational reliability. As we know, a well-run operation is a more cost-efficient operation. Looking ahead, we expect first quarter 2023 CASM-ex to be down between 3% and 4% with capacity up 20% versus the first quarter of 2022. On a full year basis, we expect 2023 CASM-ex to be about flat with capacity up high-teens versus 2022. This full year cost outlook is inclusive of investments in the system that support operational reliability, our current expectations for new labor increases, representing about 4.5 points of CASM-ex, excluding any possible signing bonuses, and a higher inflation outlook for all parts of the business. On the first point, one lesson learned during the pandemic recovery is that it is both economical and profit maximizing to provide cushion to our aircraft utilization. Instead of pushing utilization to its theoretical limit, we are focused on protecting our reliable operation. This minimizes delays and cancellations, which would otherwise drive higher costs such as overtime and customer accommodation costs. Turning to our expectation on profitability. As Andrew mentioned, demand remains healthy. As a result, and using the January 10 forward curve for fuel prices, we expect our first quarter 2023 adjusted pretax margin to be around 3%, resulting in an adjusted diluted earnings per share between $0.50 and $1. Additionally, building on a successful second half of 2022 and with industry dynamics Scott described at the start of the call, we feel even more confident about achieving our United Next 2023 adjusted pretax margin target of 9% and expected adjusted diluted earnings per share between $10 and $12 for the full year. On aircraft, we currently expect to take delivery of 92 Boeing 737 MAXs, 2 Boeing 787s, and 4 Airbus A321neo aircraft in 2023. Assuming all these aircraft are delivered, we now expect full year 2023 total adjusted capital expenditures to be around $8.5 billion. Even with this elevated level of CapEx, based on the capacity, revenue and cost guidance we’ve outlined, we expect adjusted free cash flow to be positive for the full year. Looking beyond 2023, last month, we announced an aircraft order with Boeing that included 100 firm 787 aircraft, which will address much of our widebody replacement needs through 2032. We also received options for up to 100 additional 787s that can be used for growth if there are margin accretive opportunities to do so. Additionally, the order included 100 incremental 737 aircraft to both, meet planned United Next targets and start preparing for narrowbody replacements in 2027 and beyond. Our aircraft order book is one of our key assets as it provides us with both, cost-saving replacement aircraft and the ability to take advantage of profit-enhancing growth opportunity. The cost of the flexibility built into the order book, we can also adjust the delivery time line as the macro economy dictates. Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the year with liquidity of $18 billion and reduced our adjusted net debt by $3.3 billion versus year-end 2021. We continue to balance liquidity levels with deleveraging activity and financing opportunities as we expect to end the year having met our 2023 target of adjusted net debt to EBITDAR of less than 3 times. We’re entering 2023 with a strong foundation, and I want to recognize all of the hard work that has gone into running this great airline. We look forward to delivering to our customers, employees and investors in 2023. And with that, I will turn it over to Kristina for the Q&A.
Gerry Laderman: Hey. Conor, let me provide a little bit of color on that and maybe Andrew will as well. But first of all, we -- when we provide our fuel guidance, we did this quarter, what we always do, which is we look at the forward curve about a week ahead of the release. So last week -- those numbers, as you know, can change daily. In fact, if we had run it more recently, we would have put out fuel numbers potentially $0.10 to $0.15 higher. All things being equal, that would represent about 1 point of margin, but we are -- we continue to remain confident that there is the correlation between revenue and fuel that we’ve seen historically. For the first quarter, near term, we don’t have quite the same ability that we would have during the full year. But even for the first quarter, we still have February, March and fuel will change daily. And for the full year, we’re still comfortable that there is this correlation. And in fact, had we put a higher fuel number -- and there probably would have been a different revenue number. But let me just give you an example that gives me some comfort. But keep in mind that for the back half of 2022, where we achieved 9% margin, fuel was $3.68. So, we do have a lot of cushion. And I don’t know if Andrew has any additional color.
Gerry Laderman: Well, Conor, there’s no question there’s been an industry reset on costs, and I think Scott did a nice job sort of describing that and the cost convergence ahead. For us, if you just look at our guidance we put out about six months ago for 2023, there’s been movement. There’s no question, probably about 9 points. 3 points of that is just the capacity difference between what we thought 6 months ago versus what we’re thinking today. Another 3 points in the labor numbers we put in, the rest is inflation and buffers. But what’s important for the United Next plan is the relative cost story, which remains very intact. So, whether it’s the mainline gauge benefit we’re seeing -- we will see from all the additional aircraft or less reliance on single-class 50-seat aircraft that have come out and will continue to come out of the operation. We’re very comfortable in the United Next cost story as it’s been adjusted for the industry cost impact.
Gerry Laderman: Jamie, nice question, but neither one of those we’re going to be able to talk about on the call. You’re asking for too much information regarding potential negotiations.
Gerry Laderman: Let me start. Look, what I’d tell you is that I do think fuel is a pass-through in both directions and that it is dynamic on when we pick the number and we -- we adjust the revenue forecast for it. But more importantly, where we are in terms of demand and supply and cost convergence, as Scott just spoke about in quite a bit of detail, has just given us, I think, significant ability to utilize our revenue management system to make sure that the price points are where we need them to be. And we did that all through last year. And in fact, we did that all throughout the entire pandemic, where we led the industry, I think, 11 out of 12 quarters. So, we feel really good about where our revenue performance is. We feel really good about where our bookings are. We feel really great about our Q1 guidance, and we feel really good about where the RM system is currently managing price points for Q2 and beyond. We definitely believe in the GDP relationship. It is converging, and it’s converging for all the reasons that Scott talked about earlier. So, we feel really bullish about the outlook and the ability to achieve the revenues that we need to achieve.
Andrew Nocella: No, I think you covered it really well, Gerry. The -- we absolutely still do believe and have seen constantly over time that fuel is a pass-through on both, the up and the down. And the other thing I can tell you is, as we look at our advanced booking particularly starting in the mid-February time period out well beyond that and into Q2 we’re in a really good, strong supply-demand equation that’s allowing our RM systems to actively work to do what they do best. So, I feel really confident about the outlook.
Andrew Nocella: I’ll try that. I don’t think we’re going to reset the bar here. Obviously, this is really dynamic. And the OEM delivery delays, both on engines and aircraft have been really unprecedented. So, we’re not going to reguide today to what 2026 looks like, other than we’re plotting our course in very bumpy skies when it comes to the availability of aircraft. And there’s not a quarter that goes by where I don’t get an update with obviously disappointing results from what our outlook looks like for aircraft deliveries. So, we’ll continue to monitor that. And at the appropriate point in time, we’ll update the guidance.
Andrew Nocella: I don’t. What I’ll tell you is that the reset looks very good as we head into January, obviously. So, we’re really pleased with those numbers. October was a really good month for corporate and January is tracking at that or above that. And so, we’ll see where we go from here. But, I’ll tell you, this is an important number for United. We monitor it a lot and it’s moving in the right direction. And we’re highly confident, particularly for long-haul global that we’re going to get back to full strength, and that’s an enormous tailwind, I think, for at least airlines that rely a lot on corporate travel.
Andrew Nocella: We’re still expecting really strong results, but it’s just -- it’s not keeping up with the ASM growth rates that negative headwind. But our card program is doing really well. The partnership with Chase is just top-notch, new members into the MileagePlus program, relative to where we were in 2019, I think, were up about 50% in the same time period in 2022. So, all of that’s moving in the right direction. It’s just not keeping up with ASM growth in 2023, which creates that inversion between PRASM and TRASM. And obviously, you understand the cargo part of that.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I’ll go to try. I will say that I started with earlier, the global long-haul environment where capacity ex United is negative and capacity with United is just slightly about at 2019 levels relative to where GDP is this year, provide just an enormous set up to hit a home run on TRASM on our global long-haul network. So, we couldn’t be more bullish about that. And it’s simple, right? Supply is flat versus ‘19 and the propensity to travel along with the economy and GDP is dramatically higher. That sets up a very good opportunity for RM systems, and they’re actively working to do that. And bookings for spring and summer look really strong. So, to Europe, I just think it’s going to be another record RASM and margin year based on that setup, and it looks really good. Across the Pacific, the same exact capacity setup, by the way, where it’s slightly negative without United and about 100% with United relative to 2019 capacity and a very similar setup, but we also have the opening of China and all three markets, Hong Kong, Beijing and Shanghai, ultimately. And we think there’s going to be a significant bounce back in demand like we’ve seen in Korea and Australia and other places in the region. The only I think thing we’re watching more carefully is Japan, where the numbers look really good, but it’s based on U.S. point of sale at this point and not Japanese point of sale. We expect the Japanese point of sale to kick in later this spring and summer. So, that one has been slower to rebound. But again, U.S. point of sale just had an enormous, I think, pent-up demand and is ready to fly and is doing -- so really covers the numbers. Once Japan comes back on line from a point-of-sale perspective, I think that further strengthens that as well. Latin America, near Latin America is the best I’ve ever seen it from a TRASM, RASM type perspective at this point. And Deep South America is also very good, but it’s just not nearly as good as the amazing performance we’re seeing eclipse in Latin America. So the setup for our global network is, I think, unbelievably good. And it’s really a very simple math, and there’s very little capacity growth out there and a lot of GDP. And if you look at our capacity guide, while we haven’t given you an international and domestic breakout, you can look at what we’re selling. And you can see how we’ve leaned into it for 2023 to make sure we maximize the profitability of the airline. And we think that we’ve done that very well. Domestically, I also want to say, Scott, talked about this cost convergence. We talked about the capacity constraints. What people think they’re going to fly in 2023 is not what will really be flown, that happened 2022. We think that’s going to happen in 2023. And given where we think total revenue is and ASMs will be less than that. We think there’s a chance for a positive TRASM domestically as well. And it’s a really good setup. So, across the globe, amazing setup; here at home also a very good setup for a positive outlook for the year.
Andrew Nocella: All right. There’s a lot of numbers you put out there, Helane. What I’ll try to say is that paid first-class load factors, particularly here domestically are up a lot. They’re up 6 points. And so, our RASM growth in the first-class cabin versus the main cabin domestically is 15 points higher. So, it’s doing incredibly well, which we’re excited to see, obviously, because of our move towards more dual-class aircraft and monetizing the premium cabins. On our global long-haul fleet, I think it’s a little bit different than maybe what you said. The public price points may be exactly what you said, I don’t know. But the performance, I would say, is that Polaris is not back to where we’d like it to be just yet. But the middle cabin, the Premium Plus cabin is and better and the coach cabin is and better. And so, the RASM performance onboard the aircraft is a little bit more tilted towards the back of the aircraft or the middle of the aircraft on the global long-haul fleet than it is the front. And why I’m also particularly excited about this recovery in large corporate traffic is that is how we tend to fill the front of the aircraft. And so, the trends we see in January look just really good. And that also is a positive TRASM tailwind to the global network as we do a much better job of filling up Polaris with higher quality yield than we did in 2022. And I’m confident when we end 2023, we’ll be able to report that the Polaris paid load factors and paid yield are much closer to their 2019 baseline than they were in 2022.
Andrew Nocella: And Scott, we should add to that though, what you said earlier that we’re getting rid of a large number of regional jets. So, the departure activity that we’re planning from our 7 key hubs in 2023 is still materially behind where we’re in 2019 from a departure level. The ASMs are a whole another story as we’ve talked about because of what we’re doing with gauge. But we’ve created the room in our hubs to be able to execute our plan. We have sufficient runway and gate space to do so.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. What I would say is that we definitely see a different set of numbers for like January 6th through February 15th than we do beyond that. And as I think about it, it’s our hypothesis that we do have a bit of a different type of seasonality post-pandemic than we did have pre-pandemic. So it just depends on the year -- the quarter-over-quarter year that you’re looking at. But look, the trade-off would be every weekend is potentially a holiday, allowing us hopefully to be able to depeak the summer and run a more constant level of operation from mid-February all the way through October, that’s really exciting and a lot more upside than maybe a few weeks in January that don’t look as good as they used to be. So, I think the trade-off is fine. But our hypothesis at this point, it is a different type of seasonality related to a post-pandemic environment.
Andrew Nocella: I’ll give it a try, Leslie. It’s Andrew. I think we’re benefiting from running a world-class great global airline. When we look at the data and particularly not over like one week, right, over one quarter, when we look at the data over the last year plus, our team has been just hitting a home run and the data shows it. So, I think we’re really proud of where we’re at. We intend to keep that online. We have the appropriate buffers to make sure we can continue to deliver for our customers going forward, and we shall. In terms of frequent flyer growth, what I was going to say is the program is incredibly healthy. The redemption rates are quite normal given where we are with inventory availability and our customers are using their miles to fly all over the world in the largest global network of any U.S. carrier.
Andrew Nocella: There are. At this point, United Airlines holds the rights to fly 4 flights per week to China. We intend to convert our current one-stop service to nonstop sometime in the next few weeks, hopefully. But we do not hold rights at this point to increase our service any further. And I believe that is an industry-wide type of situation. So, at this point, there’s no green light to go beyond what we’re currently flying.
Scott Kirby: Well, I mean, if you go back and look at history, while load factors have gone up a little, I wouldn’t expect a lot of change in load factor. And if you went back a few years, pricing in real terms was higher [Indiscernible] it remains a great value. I mean, air travel prices are probably 50% lower than they were about 30 years ago in real terms. And you can still frequently pay more for your Uber to the airport than you do for your airline ticket to Florida. And so, I think -- but I think that what this means is the era of $4 prices from Los Angeles to Cabo and $7 from New York to Florida or $9 from Houston to Central America are probably a thing of the past. And cost convergence -- it’s up to other airlines to decide how to price the product. But I’m pretty sure it’s not upto them what’s happening to their cost structure. And as that is changing, we see it happening already. It is what happened last year. It’s what changed last year. We see that continuing, to Andrew’s earlier point, too, I look at the data as well and following our revenue management team is doing a great job. But the yield curve for February is higher than January. The yield curve for March is higher than February. And the yield curve for the second quarter is higher than March. And by the way, bookings are ahead in all periods. So, I think it’s a structural reset. I think it is the investor store or aviation, I think it’s good for everyone. I think it’s particularly good for airlines like United that have the sophistication, the technology, the infrastructure to operate in this more challenging environment. But it’s good for everyone. And it’s just a structural reset that’s reversing what happened over the past couple of decades, at least a possibility of it. I think it’s likely, but we’ll see it at least a possibility.
Scott Kirby: I think, the important point is we have real confidence in achieving our 14% margin under sort of all the plausible scenarios for aircraft deliveries.
Scott Kirby: I’m saying, not implying, that I don’t think a world where they pay meaningfully less and still hire and successfully fly and complete their schedules. I think that’s an offset. I don’t think they can do it. And one of the other ULCCs has really been struggling this year with a completion factor, which at least had us internally wondering if they had pilot shortage issues because system’s been really pretty good. There was a one-day FAA outage, but the weather has been good, and they’ve been consistently having problems. And then 8 or 9 days ago, they put out a $50,000 signing bonus for pilots. And look, however you want to calculate it, however you want to look at it. And if you’re interested, I can give you some more real-time facts, like I’ve watched the data closely. And it’s not happening. I mean what happened over the holidays wasn’t just at one airline. And at all the airlines that had challenges, you can look at our data that we put out. And if you want data for what’s happening right now, I can tell you some more stuff. But, there are a number of airlines who cannot fly their schedules. The customers are paying the price. They’re canceling a lot of flights. But they simply can’t fly the schedules today. Maybe it’s pilots, maybe it’s something else, maybe it’s technology, maybe it’s infrastructure, but what I’m confident of the big three -- and by the way, I think JetBlue has invested in this, the big three and JetBlue are operating at a different level than everyone else for whatever the reasons are.
Scott Kirby: Well, I think what it’s going to lead to one way or another is less capacity. You just -- it’s not mathematically possible for all the airlines to achieve their aspirations. And now, I’ll just give you the data. I’m not trying to pick on these two airlines. But, like this seems so blindingly obvious to me. And we talked about it a year ago, we were right all this year with capacity coming in 7 points lower, and I feel even more confident that we’re right today. And the data I’ll give you is snowstorm started -- pretty big sandstorm started in Denver yesterday afternoon and it continued through this morning, 11 inches of snow. So, that’s a tough operating environment. There are 3 large airlines -- there’s 3 airlines, so 2 in addition to United have big operations there. Yesterday in Denver and our mainline, we had a 100% completion factor, so no cancellation. [Technical Difficulty] canceled 12% of their flights, the other one canceled 27% of their flights. Starting off today, we’ve canceled a little less than 1%. Each of them have canceled 33% of their flights, like this isn’t new. And there’s like a dozen of the Wall Street analysts that breathlessly publish a weekly report on industry scheduled capacity. You guys are looking at the wrong data. If you want a forward indicator of what’s going to happen with capacity, you should watch completion factor. One of you should start looking at completion factor because airlines that are running like that, it means they can’t fly their schedule, and they’re going to have to adjust one way or another. That’s my thesis. That’s what happened last year, is what I think is going to happen next year. And all of the structural issues are multiyear -- I mean all of them are 3 years at best to address. And you put all of them together, this is a long-term structural issue. And I think, it challenges us too, but we just did more to invest for that future, saw coming earlier than others [Technical Difficulty] and are better prepared to deal with than everyone else. But it does challenge us too. But really like don’t take my word for it, don’t take the others word for it, just watch the data. That’s what’s happening with completion factors, and that’s going to tell you whether we’re right again this year or everyone else is right when they say they’re going to achieve the aspirations.
Scott Kirby: Well, to be clear, I think we can grow at United. I don’t think the industry can grow for all the reasons that we’ve set. I think at United, we can grow. We are clearly able to hire pilots, pre-pandemic, like most of we ever hired there’s about 900 in a year. We were right at 2,500 last year. Our team -- our flight training team has done an amazing job. There was a lot of work to do to get that training machine humming. It also helped that we had enough foresight to build 14 new simulators during the middle of the pandemic when everyone else was pulling back and shrinking. But that’s part of the -- that’s one of the probably the most complicated thing that airlines are struggling with, and we have that machine humming. We’re here in Houston at the flight training center and we acquired 4,000 flight attendants this year. We opened a new flight training center, another investment we made last year. I mean, really, the point is we invested to be able to grow. And I think we can grow. We have the other benefit. We’re taking 300-plus regional jets out of the system. So, that creates a natural slack in terms of departures. If you got FAA issues, air traffic control issues, if you’re a single fleet type airline, you buy all A320 family or all 737s, like you don’t have anything to take out to give you room. We do have 300 aircraft to take out. But really, the point is all the investments -- I mean, like one of the investments that I like that speaks to the foresight that we had coming into this was clubs, and we increased our club space by 48% during the pandemic, like that’s always a challenge. Trying to close clubs when they’re full in a constrained airport environment, it’s always tough on customers, like the pandemic was once in history, not once in a generation, once in history, a chance to do that with minimal impact because we didn’t have nearly as many customers flying in 2020 and 2021. And we’re the only ones that did it. And like there’s just stuff like that everywhere that United did differently. So to be clear, while I don’t think the industry can grow, I think we think United can. My guess is because of the [Technical Difficulty] our full target because those will be behind. We’re going to be filing a lower utilization than we were before, and there’s going to be less regional. So, we probably won’t be all the way to our target. But I think we can uniquely grow and expand margins in this environment when everyone else can’t, and it’s because of all the investments we made to set up for this.
Scott Kirby: I think if we -- I mean, look, if we’d invested -- if we had done the same thing everyone else did, we’d have the same problems they have right now. Instead of canceling 1% of our flights today in Denver, we would be cancelling 33%. That’s higher cost. Our costs would be higher. This isn’t just investment, like [Technical Difficulty]. Anyway, I think when you get to the end of the year, add dollars to donut, we have the lowest CASM, the best CASM performance. I recognize other people have better guidance and then maybe they will have better guidance. But I think in the real world, we’ve come to grips with what the real world means and how -- which you have to do to operate it. And you can see it in the data, you can see it in the operating stats, you can see it in the financial stats. And it’s a new world. You can’t run the airline like you did in 2019. I remember -- I read all the transcripts. And I read one of the transcripts, and Jamie asked someone, I don’t remember which airline it was, but asked someone when are we going to get back to pre-pandemic normal. And I don’t remember who it was or even what they said because I immediately thought the answer to that question is never. And I don’t think anyone else just figured that out yet. The answer to that question is never. It isn’t a new environment, it’s a new industry. And that creates higher costs. It does, but it’s also creating higher revenues. And I think it’s going to lead to across the board higher margins, but particularly for United.
Scott Kirby: Well, if they’re right -- I don’t think they are, but if they’re right and they can return to 2019 utilization and efficiency, then we can, too. That will be easy to just go back to flying. So, no. The short answer is no. I’m not worried about it, because if they are right, it will be really easy for us to just fly the aircraft a little harder. And because we’re growing within a few months, just slow the hiring down and within a few months, you’d be back. To be clear, I think that’s extremely unlikely to happen. But we could adjust our cost structure down if it turned out that we were wrong, and that’s the new normal pretty easily.
Scott Kirby: Pretty close to yes is the answer. We’re near the limit on capacity -- on flights in the system. There are places that are at the limits, and we’re near. And you can see it, like it works fine, and you can add more on good weather days when absolutely nothing goes wrong. Something goes wrong every week. I mean, there’s weather, there’s systems issues that happen at the FAA, they happen at individual airlines, there’s pipelines that get cut for fuel at airports, there’s vendors that fuel airplanes at airports that are short staffed or have higher sick calls, just the stuff that happens every day. And we’re near the capacity limit in terms of total number of flights.
Scott Kirby: Well, to be clear, we’re focused on margin, not CASM. We’re focused on margin. And while we aren’t updating -- upgrading our margin guidance, we’re already way ahead of the Street. I think everything we had in our deck today and everything we’ve talked about today certainly creates a plausible case that margins are going to be higher for all the reasons we’ve talked about. If we were not growing, I think our margins would be lower. I mean, clearly, it would impact our CASM. But I think the capacity that we’re going to add would be soaked up by someone else. And I think that -- anyway, I think our margins would be meaningfully less if we weren’t doing what we’re doing. And so, we’re doing it because we think this is a -- look, I think this is a once in the history of the industry opportunity. This is an event that’s never happened before. And I get that most of you on the sell side disagree. And I accept that you disagree and -- but I think the world has changed and the industry has changed. And by the way, we do have a lot of flexibility. And what I would say, you didn’t ask this as a question what I would say is if we’re not -- if there’s some reason that we -- doesn’t look like we’re going to hit our targets, if we’re structurally missing our targets, if we’re underperforming the industry and missing our targets, we won’t do all this growth. I mean, we have a ton of flexibility to move aircraft around. And we won’t do it. So, it isn’t just like [Technical Difficulty] damn the torpedoes. This is as long as it’s working, we’re going to keep moving. But I will tell you, every single data point increases my confidence at least it’s working. So look, we had with the highest pretax margins and fourth quarter of the big network carriers at least, we -- amazing enough, if you look at -- actually, we had the highest free cash flow in 2022 with the lowest net debt if you use traditional GAAP accounting with operating leases and include pensions. We had the lowest leverage ratio, like -- I mean, it’s working. If you look at our operating results, what’s happening in Denver today, like it’s working. So, we’re not going to change course on something that’s working. But if it stops working, then we absolutely have the flexibility to adjust.
Scott Kirby: And on the pilot front, what I’d say is, it’s an amazing change. I tried to get out to the pilot training center and see new hire classes, and we’re hiring 200 a month, and I’ve started asking where they come from and show of hands. It used to be like from any of the large airlines, ULCCs, LCCs, big airlines, hardly any because you had to give up seniority to come. We now have a high percentage of people in those classes that are coming from all airlines. And I think the reason is because United has -- if you’re a pilot -- well, if you’re any one and you aspire to a career in aviation, United is a place to go. We’re well on our way in to be the biggest, but also the best Andrew talked about the brand, the reputation that matters a lot to people. Our pay rates are going to always be -- vary depending on the timing of contracts, but always basically going to be at the top of the industry. If you’re a pilot, United has the most growth opportunities and most opportunities, the fastest path to captain. The most widebodies of any airline by far in the country, like we’re the place to go. And people are actually giving up their seniority at all of our competitors for the opportunity to come and have a future at United that’s a testament to what all the people of United have accomplished and how bright we feel like the future looks.
Scott Kirby: So, I think this ought to be a wake-up call to -- for all of us in aviation -- something many of us in Aviation have been saying for a long time that the FAA needs more resources. By the way, I think they do an amazing job. During the Christmas struggles with the weather, a bunch of great things that they did. But 2, in particular, the water main break that flooded the tower in Newark and the same thing happened at one of the towers in Chicago, and they really quickly moved into backup facilities and kept the operation running. I mean, just a lot of people jump through a lot of hoops and deserve a lot of credit for that. But the hard facts are the FAA’s budget in real terms, it’s lower than it was 20 years ago. But the amount of work that they’ve been asking to is significantly higher. Huge resources devoted to space launches, drones, thousands of people were working on aircraft certification programs in the aftermath of the MAX disaster. And so, they’ve had to rob Peter to pay Paul. And they’ve done -- asked to do more, and they’re doing it less money. There’s fewer controllers than there were 30 years ago. And it’s people, it’s technology. And look, here in the United States, we should have a world-class best aviation system in the world. And we’re putting at risk if we don’t invest in it. And this is infrastructure. It was great that we passed a bipartisan infrastructure bill. This ought to be bipartisan as well, by the way that we passed the bipartisan infrastructure bill. But this isn’t concrete, but modern systems, modern technology and the right number of people for the FAA is an infrastructure investment that will pay dividends many times over for the country. And so, I hope that what this is, is an opportunity for us to look at this just like we looked at the country at the infrastructure bill in a bipartisan way, get the agency, the resources that they need because we have asked them to do more, and we’ll all be better off.
Scott Kirby: Well, I haven’t seen the details of their plan. But, I think as a global citizen, it’s probably the most important thing that our generation needs to accomplish. I’m proud at United that we are not -- we are the leading airline around the globe on real sustainability initiatives, and we are one of the leading corporations. We are focused at United, but I think it’s the right focus for aviation on a number of fronts. One, unsustainable aviation fuels, -- by the way, the build back -- the inflation Reduction Act has a number of provisions -- regardless of what you think about everything else in the act, the sustainability provisions are meaningful, not just for our industry, but for everyone. And I think our transformative legislation makes it viable to start making investments in hydrogen and SAF. And we’ve been the leader and we’ve got even more coming, but a lot of projects that were going to be hard to do all of a sudden start to pencil out, at least potentially pencil out. And so I think it’s driving -- it is driving a lot of investment, and you can expect more from us on that. A lot of excitement in electric aircraft, what we’re working on there. And while I can’t replace everything because it’s never going to be big airplanes flying long distance, it will be a part of the solution. And then finally, carbon sequestration, I’m a climate change geek and have been for 30 years. And I used to have conversations like this. It wasn’t too long ago, even just a couple of years ago, and I would have to explain what the word sequestration meant. It’s real progress actually that people know what it is now and there’s more investment. We’re here in Houston. Occidental is our partner in a sequestration project. They’re a leader on that -- in that front. But a lot of others are moving into sequestration and the 45Q changes that happened in the Inflation Reduction Act are also really consequential for carbon sequestration. So I’m more encouraged today, I think, than I’ve ever been at the possibilities, but it’s a lot of hard work ahead, and it doesn’t happen overnight. I mean they’re not a magic silver bullet. But I’m also proud that United is leading, and we partner with everyone that would include the DOT, anyone that’s interested in doing the right thing and solving this in a real way, we’re happy to be partnered with.
Scott Kirby: Well, I think what we need to do is drive the cost down. And so the -- for SAF, for example, what I like to think about is wind and solar energy, which because I’ve been a climate change geek for 30 years, I followed it, but it was 20 years ago, certainly 30 years ago. 20 years ago, everyone, everything you read or talked about wind and solar was it could never compete with fossil fuels, it could never be economic. Well, guess what? We passed legislation that had credits -- a carrot instead of just a stick, carrot. That carrot drove massive investment in R&D, drove economies of scale. And today, it’s cheaper to produce a megawatt of electricity from wind and solar than it is from fossil fuels. And the same thing can and I believe will happen with SAF. It is more expensive today, but we are in the very early phase of the development curve. And that’s what’s great about the Inflation Reduction Act is it creates those same kind of financial incentives that existed for wind and solar. And that is -- we know it because we’re involved with the companies. It’s driving investment into the space. And that’s what is needed right now at this phase, and that investment is going to lead to breakthrough is going to lead to economies of scale. And I think the costs are going to come down.
Scott Kirby: It’s really the latter. It’s not a targeted airline to go after them, but people pay attention and United is the best place to work. And if you’re a pilot and want to work at the best place, a lot of them are just putting their applications in. We don’t need to do anything more than be the biggest and the best airline in the history of aviation, and that’s enough of a sell point.
Scott Kirby: Well, I don’tknow what the numbers are I’m -- by anecdote I asked people. And I would guess that 30% of the people in those classes come from one of the large airlines. That’s just my eyeballing it in the room. But somebody at United probably knows the numbers, but I don’t know the specific numbers. I’m just proud of everything that team is doing.
Scott Kirby: It’s a really interesting trend and we saw it again over the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays. For example, for Thanksgiving, we saw a lot of people leave dramatically earlier for their vacation than they would normally do. And this year, Saturday, because if you left early, Saturday was actually one of our biggest return days, didn’t display Sunday, which is obviously always the biggest, so completely different pattern. And we saw that throughout the entire second half of last year. And it’s really exciting for our business because it allows us to DP things ultimately, run the airline differently and more efficiently. And remote work, while I’m sure will evolve and adjust over time, which is driving this, remote work does seem like a permanent feature in our workplace here in the country. And so we’re optimistic that this continues to be the trend based on everything we’ve seen. And it really is just -- it’s a different type of demand. It’s a different industry, and I think we’re well prepared for it. And it’s very exciting from a capacity and revenue management and customer point of view across the board.
