Sarah Murphy: Thanks, Nene. This morning, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Both are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in this morning's earnings release and investor update and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, a copy of which is available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter and the full year. These items are detailed in our earnings release. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Smisek, Chairman, President and CEO of United.
Sarah Murphy: Thank you, Jeff. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. [Operator Instructions] Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask their question.
Sarah Murphy: With that, actually, we're going to conclude. Thanks to all of you on the call for joining us today. Please call media relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks.
John D. Rainey: Hunter, we're optimistic about 2014 in what we can do in terms of operating cash flow. We've -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we issued 2 unsecured notes last year, each of $300 million, which in part are intended to provide a little bit more liquidity as we look at some of the refinancing opportunities that we have in the back half of the year and, specifically, I'm referring to the $800 million of notes that we can prepay beginning this September. And with respect to CapEx, the guidance that we've given of $2.9 billion to $3.1 billion certainly puts pressure on free cash flow. But I want to emphasize that those are the right investments for our business. Those investments are going to enable us to achieve the returns that we expect over time.
John D. Rainey: Duane, this is John. Very little of what I attribute to nonrecurring items within the quarter. There's obviously some lumpiness from one month to the next. But we're really pleased with how it closed out the year. We had -- we're pushing hard internally to achieve some of the goals and we had broad support from all the divisions. And I think it's an early indication of what we expect for 2014 and why we're pretty optimistic looking into the year. And as far as regional strength, Jim might want to chime in, domestic continues to be a pretty good balance between supply and demand as that was stronger, particularly in December. But other than that, nothing really stands out.
John D. Rainey: Operating cash flow -- I don't have that. Let's see, it was -- for the fourth quarter, it was negative 3 34.
John D. Rainey: Just our pension? It was around $4 billion of the -- just the liability. Obviously that's offset by the plan assets. So the net liability was a little more than $1.5 billion.
John D. Rainey: Right. I'll just add that we also saw a fairly significant decline in our other postretirement benefit obligation as well.
John D. Rainey: Mike, I'd probably point to 3 things. One is we have a fairly significant escalation in one of our labor agreements at the beginning of this year that was hitting us in the first quarter. We also have more lumpiness than usual, and I'll give you an example of that with respect to some of our other cost items. Our maintenance expense, a significant portion of that is airframes. Well in the first half of the year, we're going to spend twice as much on airframes as we will in the back half of the year. And a lot of that is just driven by the timing of checks. But the third thing, and perhaps most importantly, is there's a ramp-up to a lot of the efficiency initiatives that we have in 2014. As you can appreciate, not all of those begin on January 1. But we're excited about the early returns there. I think our fourth quarter results give you some indication about the progress and we're optimistic for how that rolls out in 2014.
John D. Rainey: Yes. I think that's a very reasonable assumption. As was mentioned in an earlier question, there's a lot more pressure in the first quarter. But we're pretty excited about the productivity improvements we're seeing. In the fourth quarter alone, we saw a 5.5% improvement in productivity with our labor forces. And as we continue to improve our operations, reduce our reliance on overtime, reduce call volume, things of that nature, we'll see those improvements bleed through into 2014. And you might remember, at our Investor Day, we talked about a multiyear goal of a 15% to 20% improvement and we are targeting a 3.5% improvement in 2014.
John D. Rainey: Jamie, when we talk about the $1 billion in nonfuel cost savings, I've been asked this question quite a bit, most of that -- sorry, fuel cost savings -- most of that is through the efficiency of new planes. There are some operational initiatives that we have. But I think it's a fair assumption for your modeling perspective to assume that the savings are fairly ratable with our delivery of airplanes over that period of time.
John D. Rainey: Yes. It's a very topical question, Helane. We've got about $80 million of cash that's trapped there in Venezuela right now. Obviously, we, along with other carriers, have had trouble repatriating that in a timely fashion. In terms of point-of-sale shift, I'm going to turn that over to Jim.
John D. Rainey: And I would add, we are still waiting to hear based upon yesterday's announcement from the government if the cash that we have there can be repatriated at the older rate or the -- it's got to be repatriated at the new rate.
John D. Rainey: Sure, Tom. There's not a bright line test on when we begin booking taxes. At the end of 2014, we'll get with our accountants and we'll look at the various metrics that they evaluate. And for example, one of the things that looked -- that is evaluated is a cumulative 3-year earnings on a GAAP basis. And as we had a significant number of special charges in 2012, that actually put us into a GAAP loss position. But it's something that we'll evaluate at the end of 2014. And it would be a few years likely before we would pay cash taxes because we do have significant NOLs.
John D. Rainey: We did. We've had the depreciation of the yen hurt our results. In fact, in the fourth quarter, it resulted in about a half a point decline in our consolidated RASM because of what happened there with the yen. We are hedged a little bit more into 2014. We've got about 30% of our exposure hedged at a little bit less than where the market is today. So it's a slight gain position.
John D. Rainey: Sure, Josh. This is John Rainey. The storm impact on a revenue basis, gross revenue, was about $80 million. Obviously, as we canceled over 6,000 flights, we didn't consume as much fuel and we had some cost savings, which muted that impact. So the net impact to us in January was about $60 million.
James E. Compton: Hunter, this is Jim. A couple of points. One is without specifically I will tell you that the network teams from both sides clearly talked in great detail about capacity and what's best for the JV, as well as delivering a great product for our customers. And I'll use an example of the holiday period, which is a great example, where, in the past, you might find both carriers canceling on the same day and then you look up and the next day both carriers are flying. Well, this year, with that coordination, what you do you is you work with each other to make sure that one cancels on one day, one flies and the other one -- and vice versa, all delivering a great product and things like that. So that's just an example that says how detail a level of conversations and how we manage that capacity and understanding what our partners' needs are and the challenges that they face as they try to place capacity around their network. As it relate, again, the second phase is that we're always working with our JV partners about how to improve the JV. And so, we, right now, think the revenue share model is the one that works for us. We actually think that within that we have a lot of work to do to again make the product much more transparent to our customers and drive results on that. So we're comfortable with where we're at. That being said, we're always discussing kind of what's the JV look like in the future.
James E. Compton: Duane, I would add just a little detail. The team did an amazing job of managing the holiday period, both from a capacity side, as well as managing the yield and the mix. So just a terrific job that exceeded our expectations on the top line.
James E. Compton: John, I think that's a fair assessment. As we look at our first quarter guidance, a little bit of color around it. As we guide to that flat to 2% up, last year, we ran a 5.9% RASM growth in the first quarter and far exceeded our peers in the industry on average. And so we are up against a little bit more difficult comps versus how we performed last year. The second piece is, as I mentioned, the weather impact of about 0.4 points of RASM to the downside to us. What we found is, in this weather event that was severe and of the 6,300 cancellation, a majority of those happened to be in Chicago. Normally, with a short weather event in a leisure period, you pretty much capture the traffic. But this is the time of year that we did recapture leisure traffic coming home from the holidays, but a lot of the business traffic that historically starts that first week of January heading out, particularly in Chicago, we didn't see the mix that we would have expected on a normal year given the severity of the weather. The third piece to our first quarter and maybe different from what other carriers are talking about, we actually see a point shift of RASM from March into April given the Easter effect and how our network operates within on that Easter so moving into the second quarter. And then the fourth piece maybe kind of tied to your comment, John. The team is really, really focused on the booking curve right now. I will tell you that on the revenue side, whether in it's any division, it's always about how do you better and how do you beat and so forth. But we are seeing the benefits of the mix change there and we do expect that to accelerate as we move through the first half of the year. So when you put it all back together, what we really see is terrific momentum coming off of the fourth quarter and a lot of excitement about 2014, but capturing some of those realities around the first quarter that leads to our guidance.
James E. Compton: Well, that's a great question, Jamie. I think what we do with our guidance is we take the information that we have at hand and try to make some assumptions to -- does business traffic that we would gone that first week of January or some portion of that start up later on in the quarter, I would agree with you, I think it does and so forth. And so it's a matter again to your point of what percent of that happens. We've tried to incorporate that in there. If that traffic is coming, it may or may not be seen in the yields that we see right now because it's still to be booked. But we clearly try to anticipate for that and our guidance kind of reflects our best look at what that data is saying right now.
James E. Compton: Jamie, so for us, New York is obviously a terrific profit center for us. It has been a while. We think that as we've talked about in the past, the advantage for us is that true connecting hub. So if something is changing in the local market, we have the ability to connect high-yield flow across that. But that being said, I'll point to our 7% corporate revenue growth in the fourth quarter. That was our strongest growth of any quarter during 2013. It gets back to why we're excited about the momentum as we head into 2014. So whether it's New York or across the system, we think that what we're seeing is great momentum across the system. I will add that in the transcon, we see some of our pressures, particularly in Newark, began last April with Virgin America's entry in [indiscernible]. And so, as we kind of manage and try to optimize revenue around that, we actually see upside as we go through the year as we lap some of that experience that happened in 2013. So we're very excited.
James E. Compton: Hey, Helane, Jim. This is one where John and I are connected at the hip, because what we do is obviously manage the economics, so as the devaluation effects the overall results of the economics, the team understands that and tries to make the correct point of sale from a revenue management and a network perspective. It's a very strong point of sale out of Venezuela, but we do try to adjust for the impact of things such as devaluation. We work very closely with John's team on that.
James E. Compton: Tom, this is Jim. A couple of comments. One, it's a very strong performing part of our network and continues to be, so given the economic growth in China in particular. We're excited about here is that we know the competitive challenges out there and, for instance, 20% growth of capacity we've seen in China, most of that -- really that capacity growth is into Beijing and Shanghai, which is why we talked about a second phase of our Pacific strategy of secondary cities, so the San Francisco-Chengdu point. The other piece is as we move through the year, we have a lot of initiatives in terms of getting the right aircraft on the right market. If you remember, we've talked about our 747 in the tech ops team has built back in tremendous reliability into that fleet. Whereas last year, we concentrated in San Francisco, this year we'll be able to place it in markets that better fit the demand. So for instance, Chicago to Shanghai and Chicago, Tokyo will be on the 74 and one of the 74s will actually go Chicago-Frankfurt. So the point being was from us, we have many initiatives to kind of optimize the network out there, and that's in kind of understanding the competitive pressures that are out there and working with what we think is the best footprint, the conversation about San Francisco earlier, there is no better gateway in terms of serving the Pacific. And we think with the moves we're making with the fleet, with our second phase of our Pacific strategy of secondary cities, we are well-positioned in an entity that operates at a really high level.
