Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. Number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release, investor update and presentation, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the team in the room available to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn over the call to Oscar.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Gerry. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Michael Leskinen: Thanks to all for joining the call today. Please contact media relations for any media questions. And I will be reaching out to the analysts. Thank you very much.
Andrew Nocella: I'm not sure I agree. I think while we did get rid of a few routes, I think approximately 30 that were underperforming financially, I think there's more to come. And Jamie, what I would say is the potential of our - or the way we look at it is our pipeline of ideas and changes was not just for 2018, there's a lot of - the initiative for 2018 that apply for 2019 and then there's a whole list of other initiatives that come online. And I'll just - I have a few examples I suppose. The Gemini RM system, which we turned on early last year, we really didn't get fully sold until 2Q. So, we think there is tailwinds from that, that will continue to come. In 2019, we have another 60 wide-body jets that will get Polaris all-access aisle seats. We're going to rebank the Denver hub on February 14th, that's not in our baseline numbers. And the number of departures for bank go from 43 to 50. The other, tidbit example, we've cut the number of pre 6 am flights by 50%. For 2019, our 6 am flights have RASMs that are 9% greater than our 5 am flights. Last fall I talked about the transfer of aircraft from New York to Dallas, that transfer, we're doing Phase 2 of it as we speak right now. We've moved about 33 aircraft flying around and amazingly enough, the margin point change for that is 50 points for those 33 aircraft and almost all of that will be in 2019. We have this full capacity we added in 2018, in the '19, for example, our Singapore and Sydney new flights. That's about 1% of our company, and we expect those two new flights to perform much better this year than they did last year. We'll obviously continue to add our catchment area of growth line from mid-continent hubs. That's worked well. But even better than that, the number of flights that are in bank in 2019 versus 2018 that all of these hubs is going from 89% to 95%, in-bank flights have better RASM. We are growing our premium cabins from New York to LA and San Francisco. It's really important for us. We're going to continue to grow our co-brand card. We're going to continue to fill up Premium Plus. The point is, there is a whole host of RASM initiatives as we go into 2019 that we think are going to fuel United Airlines. They're not all about growth. In fact, many of them are not at all about growth as we go forward.
Andrew Nocella: We end 2018 on a high note and we look at how things are doing right now and we think we're still on a high note. There are definitely risk factors out there and we've widened our range for RASM, But we feel really good about our plan. And then as Scott already said, this is a lot more than growth that is driving the RASM of the company. And so all those other initiatives are just as important and unique, I think, to United at this point. And so we're excited to go in that direction and believe we can deliver on the results we’ve talked about and promise for the year.
Andrew Nocella: I think it's done, obviously, very well and we have more runway there. We're going to take it quarter-by-quarter, and we're going to adjust as needed. To be said, things don't look the way they like. We like them. But at this point, they do. We are still relatively undersized in our level of connectivity we offer. And so we are working hard at that and improving the quality of the schedules, and you'll see more of that. But I just think we're very bullish on where we've been and where we're going, and we'll be nimble if we have to change.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. It's similar, maybe worth a little bit more. We're taking the number of banks down by one, which is increasing our connectivity. We will have 43 aircraft - or 50 aircraft on the ground at the same time on average versus 43. So, we're pretty optimistic about it. But that being said, there are other changes we are making to the schedule in Chicago and Houston as well. We better tweak those and make them better, the early flights of the day and the more rebank places are a good example for that. So, we are going to continue to mine this mid-continent hub strategy. And we think we have a long way to go. And again, not all of those things are entirely about growth, changing when our place departs or making the bank sizes difference is not necessarily about growth. So, there's a lot of different dimensions what we are working on.
Andrew Nocella: I think we fought really well in 2018 and I'm not going to attribute it to easy comps. I, in particular, for the fourth quarter, I'm not going to attribute it to easy comps. I think we had a reasonable setup and we hit it out of the park in fourth quarter and we are really happy about it. As we go forward to the next year, we have a whole host of initiatives. We are not going to break them out and say, what each one is worth. And by the way, there is plenty of initiatives that we didn't talk about and there is plenty of initiatives that increase margin but do lower RASM. It's just the nature of the piece. And so we feel really bullish as we go into this year that there is this little bit more of uncertainty, which is why we widened the range of the RASM guide. But we believe our initiatives are going to still deliver and lead to the EPS targets that Mike and the team have laid out.
Andrew Nocella: You are asking a network guy a question and it's hard to answer because we did so many great things. But I think in more aircraft on the ground, at the same time, it's just fundamental and that is connectivity. So that is awfully importantly and we look forward to do it more that in 2019. The other example I'll give is, we grew capacity a lot on off-peak days. And we did that because in years passed, United had, in theory, cut capacity on those days to reduce RASM, when in fact our results for this year showed that our RASM under off-peak days actually went up more than our average RASM. And that's because United uniquely cuts muscle from the bone, is the best way to say it. And that actually lowered RASM. It didn't increased RASM. So, one of my favorite things in 2018 is taking off-peak days, growing them faster than average and increasing RASM faster than the company's average throughout the year. I don't know if we can do that again in 2019. All we did was returns those off-peak days to these normal schedules that we should have always had as many of our competitors have as normal. But that was an exciting achievement for the year.
Andrew Nocella: Well, I mean, each hub had a baseline that we're trying to improve from and Denver is a great hub, before we made this change to be very clear. So, each number for each hub is different based on exactly what we were doing. Denver has one fewer bank. It's a dramatic increase in our connectivity. Particularly during the middle of the day, it's a dramatic decrease in the number of pre 6:00 am flights and it's increase in the number of early am departures out of Denver for our local passengers. So, we're not going to give a specific number for Denver. But as we create the revenue plan for the year and the revenue guidance for Q1, we do make an attempt to make sure that what we are working on is reflected in that guidance.
Andrew Nocella: This is Andrew. The way I would describe that is our deployment of regional jets was not all that optimal and that we flew regional jets in mainline markets. So, what I think you'll see us do in 2019 is make sure that mainline markets have more often a mainline aircraft. And that will allow us to redeploy the regional aircraft into the regional catchment feeder markets. So, I don't think that dramatically changes the profile of our client or competitiveness. It does, as you can imagine in the big market, it lowers our unit cost structure dramatically and makes those, I think, much more profitable. So, it's about getting the right aircraft in the right markets. Our jet fleet size, I think is approximately the same. I don't have the exact numbers in front of me. So, you are right. But how we deploy the aircraft really matters. And that is what I think you'll see more and more changes as we go through 2019.
Scott Kirby: So first, I'm actually afraid to answer a question after everything that Andrew said. I, kind, of want to stop the call after that. Hard to go up from there. But look, good results create a good background for everyone on getting - whether it's getting contracts done, doing deals with other partners. It certainly doesn't hurt the tone of the tables. We are having good run - I'm talking about the details there. We're having good discussions with ICAO. We have good relations with all of our unions. We're looking forward to getting competitive deals done that are good for our people and good for the company. And we're confident that we're going to get there. But good results help the tone of everything.
Scott Kirby: First, I think, whether I have learned it or not, I think at the end of the day results are what are going to matter and results are what matter the most. We are trying to focus here, as Oscar often says, on proof not promise, it's a dramatic difference as we sit here today and when we said almost exactly a year ago, when we announced the growth plan and the difference is that we're proving that what we're doing works. We spent time today trying to talk about things beyond growth. Andrew had three points of PRASM, that we think three points of PRASM in the quarter about things that had nothing to do with growth. There's just an awful lot going on here at United that we feel really confident, that we're going to be able to continue to drive earnings and margin growth for years to come. And ultimately that will matter. I do think from an investor perspective, credibility is important. And when I say credibility, I mean, credibility on delivering on your numbers. We talked about last year a "no excuses, sir" mentality and the importance of hitting guidance. Today, we've tried to even expand on that by saying we're giving you guidance that is good for any fuel price raise between $40 and $80 a barrel on Brent Oil. We know that there are going to be speed bumps that are going to happen. The government shutdown was one of those things. And as we look long term, there is going to be a quarter, there's going to be a time when those speed bumps become significant enough that despite our best efforts, we can't overcome them in any given quarter or year. We hope that's not this quarter. We hope that's not this year. But we're also giving you guidance that allows us to hit some speed bumps. We have resiliency, flexibility to adjust and even if we hit speed bumps, we are committed to, as we said before moving heaven and earth to hit our numbers. And I don't know what that means for industry multiple. But as long as we keep growing earnings every year, as long as we keep delivering on our commitments, I believe that not only will we get a higher stock price from higher earnings, but we will get a higher multiple as that credibility grows and people have more confidence.
Scott Kirby: No, we haven't. We do have a largest exposure. We have a biggest presence in DC. But as we said, it's hard for us to know what the impact is right now or what it's going to be. We also don't know how long it's going to go. And really what we did is gave a wider range to reflect that uncertainty. Maybe after the quarter when it's all over, we'll try to look back and see what the impact was. But right now we're not going try to pin a number on it.
Scott Kirby: Brandon, we'd encourage you not to be a nerdy analyst. Because really what we're trying to say is we can hit, and we said, meet or exceed our $10 to $12 guidance range at any fuel price between $40 and $80. That's another way of saying. At some fuel prices, we think we will end up above that range. But you shouldn't try to pin down a fuel number today and say that's what we think RASM is today because we've intentionally tried to move to a rule where we were going to tell you an EPS number and we're going to have a commitment to you that we try to hit that we do everything we can to hit that EPS number in a wide range of fuel prices. And we're getting away from point guidance on fuel changes constantly or on RASM.
Scott Kirby: There's a lot of moving pieces here, and we did grow Hawaii a lot in 2018. And while we like the margin results of that RASM, in that case, would have brought down the averages. So, we're going for margin. And the fact is Hawaii will have dramatically less growth for United Airlines in 2019. And that's an example of, I think, ultimately will be a tailwind to RASM year-over-year. But Catherine, there are so many moving pieces on that front. And again, we're moving things around that, do things that boost RASM, but we're also doing things that take RASM away in the extent that they reduce the margin. Another good example is our 787-10s flying across the Atlantic. I expect the 787-10 to replace older less efficient aircraft. And our CASM on those aircraft will fall by 10% or 15%. But our RASM is also going to fall on those aircraft by some percentage less. So, hopefully that answers your question. I think there is just an incredible number of moving pieces.
Scott Kirby: So, keep in mind that embedded in our CASM guidance is the 4% increase the pilots receiving this year under the current contract. So that's in the number. With respect to a new contract what we committed to when we put out our multi-year CASM guidance, last year was that this would include the impact of labor increases.
Scott Kirby: Yes, it is included. But before I answer, we want to apologize to Brandon who got cut off or the operator cut him off. It wasn't intentional, Brandon. So if you want to get back in, please do. It includes all of our bookings. So it includes government. I don't have the exact number of what our percentage of government business is. And even if I did, it's not exactly reflective because we could tell you what's on government contract. But we can't tell you all the contractors or partners or others that are flying in to meet with the government. So wouldn't be a meaningful number anyway. But the 11% is everything. So it includes the impact of government shutdown at least for that first week.
Scott Kirby: Sure. At this point, I think a similar profile. Domestic is we're focused on our mid-continent hub strategy. We will continue to be the higher of the two numbers. And international, the lower obviously to offset that. And I'm not sure I can add any more from there. But domestic will be a little bit higher and international a little bit lower than the average. And again, it's very similar to what we did in 2018.
Scott Kirby: Well, I'd say we really do love all our hubs. And we have spoken a lot about our mid-content hub strategy, because our margin gap in the mid-continent hubs is clearly the most significant and more pressing issue for us to address and that's exactly what we're doing. But I will say that our coastal gateways are really unprecedented and they are really - they are long-term potential. And so, I'm really excited about them, New York and Dallas on the East Coast are amazing. Having our single hub in New York City is a great advantage and we announced new service to Naples and Prague this year out of New York. And Tel Aviv out of Dallas, San Francisco, I think is the premier gateway to Asia and we've grown that as well. And we've announced new service to India and Australia out of San Francisco. So, we will continue to focus on our mid-continent hubs for the time being. But I do want to say that over the long run, we do recognize that United's international footprint and our ability to mine that is pretty unprecedented. It's unique to United in many respects. And over the long run, I think you'll see a lot more activity there. But in the short run, we have a problem to fix in our mid-continent hubs and we are well on our way. And we want to close that margin gap that we cited last January in those hubs and we think we're doing it as we want to do it and it's working.
Scott Kirby: We haven't actually updated that analysis. We probably will at some point. But I guess, I'd just point it to, at least, part of the relative margin performance at United where I'm doing this math in my head, but try to beat the industry on average by a couple hundred basis points on year-over-year margin last year that I would say half of that is probably from the growth strategy. And half is from all the kinds of other initiatives that we talked about today and that we continue to talk about. So, that's probably a good indicator of how much we closed the gap so far. That would tell you that there's a lot of runway left and a lot of room to go and ultimately, I think we'll get to margins that are, at least, in the ballpark of where our competitors are.
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll let Andrew add on to this. But the way it works when you grow a hub is, it's kind of a quadratic curve turned upside down. So, as you are growing, you're driving exponential connectivity, which drive margins growing fast. So the next airplane comes in, it drives margins up. You realize you've gotten to a mature hub where you get to the point that margins at the hub start to flatten out. And that means that you're, when you get to 900,000 flights a day and you're adding the next route, the next flight and it's to a smaller and smaller place, margins start to flatten out. At that point, you kind of know that you've gotten to a mature hub and if you keep growing then you drive margins down. But as you first start growing a hub, you start growing connectivity. It has kind of exponential growth and connectivity, which drives really strong growth in margins. And I think we're still at the early part of that curve, particularly in the mid-continent hubs.
Scott Kirby: I don't know is the short answer. Look, we have 11% more bookings. I'm sure some of them are new customers. I'm sure a lot of them are old customers. I think the better way to think about it as opposed to that lens is that businesses still have enough confidence to be getting out and travelling and on the road. And despite all the doom and gloom you hear, you watch CNBC in the morning, businesses aren't coming through with that. Yes, I agree that people are nervous and they're watchful and they're waiting for something bad to happen, but it hasn't happened yet. And the economy is performing better than you would think, if you just listened to some of what people say that are worried, that could all come to pass. But right now, the economy is performing pretty well and you just see that in strong business bookings. I suspect our competitors - this is really just a share thing. I suspect - actually, I think even Delta yesterday talked about strong demand as well. So, this is just overall strong demand.
Scott Kirby: Look, it's hard to estimate and we want to get ourselves focused on delivering on our earnings commitments and that's the focus.. And trying as best we can to overcome the speed bumps that gets thrown in our way. And we are starting to quantify them. It feel like now is the right way to just say, we're going to have to power through and figure out how to get done. So we didn't spend really a lot of time trying to quantify.
Scott Kirby: Look, we continue to constructive conversations with them. We have a good relationship and good partnership, and we are succeeding together but we're going to leave the negotiations at that table.
Scott Kirby: This is a long-term strategy, and we want to make sure that our smallest regional aircraft are flying in short-haul catchment markets and our mainline aircraft are flying in mainline markets. We just didn't have the right fleet mix historically to do that and we still don't. This is a process that evolves over time. So, what you'll see is fewer 50 seat regional jets, in particular, flying on routes that are between major hub cities. That's the right thing to do. It was the right thing to do two years ago. It's the right thing to do today, and we're going to do continue to execute on it. And I think that's the right way to look at it.
Scott Kirby: Leslie, we watch the data, as we said several times in this call, we watch the data even more closely. We built an airline, as Gerry talked about, our very strong balance sheet. We've got incredible flexibility with the fleet. We've built an airline that we think has a lot of resilience and flexibility in it, created a culture where we can be more quick and nimble about taking actions if we need to. And so we feel pretty good that, in the event things change in the world for the better or for the worse, that we've got the ability to respond nimbly and keep the airline running well and performing well.
Greg Hart: This is Greg. We've seen pockets of staffing issues around the system, but really what's happened is it hasn't really impacted line waits all that much, and we haven't seen an impact in terms of people not being able to make their flights. Typically, what would happen if we're having that issue is we hold the flights for those customers. And we just haven't had to do that. So the TSA has done a pretty good job of covering for it when they've seen some staffing shortages.
Greg Hart: We have not. We do have partners who help us with some of the line management and other things that help the TSA with processing our customers. But we haven't used our own employees to do that.
Greg Hart: Hey. This is Greg. We've got a program in place with a number of our partners to facilitate hiring at those regional partners as well as matriculation eventually to the mainline. It's a program that's working really well for us and we're happy with the results.
