Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, John. This was a pivotal quarter for our company. We now have our largest integration milestones behind us, and we can focus on unlocking United's full potential, becoming the airline that customers want to fly, co-workers want to work for and investors want to invest in. Sustained and sufficient profitability is the only path forward, and we're confident that we'll deliver. I'll now turn it over to Tyler to open up the call for questions.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Bill, this is Jeff. I'm not going to speculate on whatever should happen there. But U.S. Airways is a good partner of ours, and if they were to leave the Star Alliance, it would have an impact on us and that would be, on that piece, negative to us. On the other hand, if they left as a result of a consolidation, I think that'd be very good. It'd be very good for the business and very good for the industry. And consolidation, as you know, has worked well for this business. And I think net to us, if US Airways were leaving for a consolidation that seems to be in the lot -- in the news today, I think net-net that'd be positive for United Airlines.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Sure, Helane. And just to be clear, this isn't us fighting Southwest flying internationally. I mean we clearly compete against Southwest, and we do it very well every day. Intercontinental Airport is obviously a significant hub and a tremendous engine of the economy in Houston. And we and other airlines and the city have made a lot of investments in IAH, and it's become a premier international gateway, it's a superb hub and it works very well. And it has a great deal of connectivity, it's a high-connecting hub. And we need those connections, we and the other carriers who operate there, to fill the planes, obviously, to make all of the broad array of flights that we offer and competitors offer at IAH. And that airport has clearly has excess capacity for international flying. I mean, there are gates there that have only one flight a day, literally. So there's plenty of capacity and plenty of FIS capacity as well for the traffic. Our issue really is splitting the hub, turning -- having 2 hubs in effect, Houston competing against Houston, versus Houston competing against Atlanta or Miami or DFW. From a public policy perspective, it's a huge mistake. It will, clearly if that were to occur, it would reduce the flight opportunities at IAH, it would result in loss of air service, it would result in loss of jobs and it would result in wasteful spending and it would be extremely bad public policy for the city of Houston to do that.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Helane, it's rolling out, and we'd like it in all of our hubs as quickly as we can get it. I think it's a tremendous program, and I've got to commend John Pistole for focusing on the importance of thoughtful security. So I think that we're big supporters of it, and we want to and we want and will be participating in it and we're working closely with TSA to get it done as quickly as we can.
Jeffery A. Smisek: No, absolutely not. No. I mean, now that we're in a position to do it now, and we will be doing it and Jamie, I hope you qualify.
John Rainey: Yes. Mike, I'd say there's 2 things that will affect our regional costs going forward. One, as you mentioned, Pinnacle is going through a restructuring and we will transition a lot of the flying that they're doing for the balance of the year. The second piece of that, as part of the transition flying that they're doing, in the first quarter, we restructured the Saab 340 flying they were doing from us -- doing for us, from a pro-rate agreement to a capacity purchase agreement. The effect that, that has is we now pick up the associated expenses in our regional line but we also pick up the associated revenue in our revenue line where that wasn't there before. So you'll see a similar trend year-over-year through the following quarters this year that you saw in the first quarter.
John Rainey: Well, we have a transition agreement with Colgan right now and we have not disclosed. We're actually still negotiating who's going to do that flying for us.
John Rainey: Well, that's a great question, Hunter. And they absolutely do. I mean, fundamentally, I think, like you believe as well, we think that fares in this industry over a longer period of time need to respond to cost inputs, and our competitors need to have the same pressure in terms of those cost inputs for that to happen. And so clearly, we don't want to get too far out of balance with what our competitors are doing. That said, we have a pretty consistent policy with respect to our hedging. It's not really taking speculative positions, it's one more of risk management. I think that in this industry, when you're selling tickets out 6 to 12 months in advance, you're then exposed for movements in fuel prices after those tickets are sold, and that's why you see us hedged in that time period to protect against that and guard against volatility in our earnings.
John Rainey: Helane, this is John. I would just add to that, that the change in frequent flyer accounting for us does affect our year-over-year RASM results. For the full year, it's a little bit less than a point. But the effect of that will become more pronounced in the second quarter where it's over a point of RASM headwind, and then it abates as we go through the balance of the year.
James E. Compton: Dan, this is Jim. With the conversion to Shares and the migration to the subsidiary, continental.com site, now known as the united.com. As we mentioned, there were certain products that were sold on the sub-United side that weren't on the Continental side. So there were about half a dozen, 6 or 7. An example is, for instance, United had an Economy Plus subscription that drove ancillary revenue. Or another one is United Club online onetime passes at the clubs and so forth. Those are gaps that we have right now, and the team is working over the next several months to close those gaps, to capture those revenues going forward.
James E. Compton: Yes, Dan. It's -- in terms of what we -- the teams work across the company in terms of overbooking, so I'd say that impact is behind us. It was early in the month of March with the March 3 date, as well as some of the spring break peak periods, what we did is we lowered the authorization levels on overbooking to support some of the heavy volumes that we expected over spring break and the learning curve on the new system. That tends to be most behind us. The other piece of it that I mentioned on connecting traffic might have a little bit of a tail in April as we rebuild that. We made some changes to our revenue management system kind of mid-March to begin to correct for that. So there might be a little bit of it -- there might be some tail on the connecting traffic as we kind of look at April.
James E. Compton: Yes. I think kind of a general statement, I would say, is that our premium cabin traffic is doing very well across all the entities. And if you break down the entities, when you look at Japan, first of all, I talked about -- about 38% of our capacity is in Japan and 60% non-Japan markets. And as I mentioned, that 38%, actually 15%, was our RASM growth in those Japan markets. If our capacity was similar, quite frankly, people compare us to Delta. If our capacity were Delta, 78% of its ASMs in Japan, we would've added 9 points in PRASM to our Pacific entity and so forth. So there really is a real structural piece, and that structural piece is the Asia piece. Particularly in Hong Kong. We faced -- we've talked about increased competition in Chicago-Hong Kong. But Hong Kong, in general, the industry capacity is about up 20% in the first quarter, we're down about 2%. We managed capacity down a little bit with some holiday cancellations and so forth. Quite frankly, that's put pressure on our PRASM in that part of the world in Asia. As we think about that part of the world, we think our footprint, historically, has been terrific there, it's again, a very profitable entity for us, Pacific as well as Asia. It's unmatched, our portfolio, and with the growing economy in China, we think we're well positioned in Asia. But it was a tough quarter and it was a tough quarter partly with the industry capacity growth. In addition, we're improving our product, so that many of those flights with the 747 have been updated to IPTE, but we're not done. For instance, we'll be putting streaming video within the cabin beginning this summer, into the coach cabin that still relies on kind of old technology from an IFE perspective. And quite frankly, our 787 order, the portfolio we will build over the next several years, with the 5 that Jeff mentioned coming this year and then obviously the portfolio of 50 over the next several years, really is going to give us the ability to react much more to competitive environment such as that 20%, with really a terrific airplane that will help us match capacity with demand. So when you put that in altogether, we're actually very excited about our Pacific. Within the Pacific, it's really those structural pieces that kind of explained our RASM. Trans-Atlantic, as I mentioned in my comments, we had just different performance across the board, strong performance in Germany, some of the secondary markets not so much, so we're evaluating that. The capacity reductions that we announced in March really do kind of address some of that towards the second half of the year, where mainly many of them are in the Trans-Atlantic with our exit from such as Copenhagen and then in that entity over to Accra. So we're actually very, very focused on that as we look at capacity. I would say that historically, our -- managing capacity is one of discipline and steady discipline. We actually think that we manage costs better if we're not doing wild swings in capacity and we're able to be more predictable for our corporate customers, for the markets, for the customer, as well as just in general of the marketplace and so forth. So we're going to continue that discipline capacity, but I think you'll see it be at stable, not to say that we won't, as I mentioned, look at markets and move markets. But I think we're pretty happy with our position in the Trans-Atlantic right now.
James E. Compton: Yes. The U.S. point-of-sale continues to be very strong for us and that's -- as my comments on the premium cabin really drives that, we're seeing strong strength in the premium cabin driven by the corporate business revenue going forward, but a good U.S. sale -- U.S. point-of-sale.
James E. Compton: Well, the team -- we're very early in the process, obviously, with the second quarter being 15%, which is one of our -- as we get excited about the ability with this network to drive the synergies. Quite frankly, we're working through those numbers. It will accelerate, particularly in the second half of the year, but the network -- ultimately, we'll watch the marketplace and keep managing that. So I wouldn't want to commit to where that actually ends up, but will accelerate in the second half of the year.
James E. Compton: Bill, this is Jim. Actually, no we're not. Our strong New York base with the -- with our hub in Newark has worked well for us, and actually we've seen corporate revenue in the fourth quarter grow out of New York, as well as our share. And so we're seeing good progress as the sales team gets out and talks about the value of this new network. We're getting great response from our corporate partners across the system, but also particularly in New York.
James E. Compton: Well, the Q400 is a plane that works very well for us, particularly in some of the shorter haul markets and some of our hubs like Houston and Newark. I think that we're going to continue to have that product in terms of the mix of that versus RJs. I can't speculate on that right now.
James E. Compton: The competitive pressure will be there. I think our prospective LA-Shanghai, we lap [ph] in May. So a little bit of an offset there. But Chicago-Hong Kong, for instance, Cathay started last September. So that pressure will be there in the near term.
James E. Compton: Helane, this is Jim. I think, obviously, we're always focused on our relative performance. But I also think that we are historically a high RASM carrier that ran historically high RASMs last year. So when I think about percentage growth and our relative percent, I actually want to think about it over a longer period of time. And so when I think about that, I think about where we're at in the integration, as I mentioned very early in the redeployment and so forth. So I think we're obviously very focused on that. From my perspective, I'm comfortable with it. And because of where we've come from, our high levels, and what we have coming forward, we get really excited about.
James E. Compton: Jamie, it's Jim. I think obviously there were industry comps last year, they were very strong, they were the comps that John just talked about. So to -- obviously, you're right, not commenting about RASM going forward. May was a very strong industry RASM last year and, for the industry, more so than June as you described. So I think from that sense, we based kind of the same profile for us, and then the question is are some of the other comps that are unique to us, how that fits into that.
James E. Compton: Yes, this is Jim. They're not available through other channels. What we want to do is move them to the web as well as to kiosks at the airport, and that's the PSS gap that the team's working really hard to close. I want to say that -- again, we're excited about it because the ancillary products that we have are actually growing at a extremely strong rate. And so, overall, ancillary revenue is growing at a very strong rate, as we mentioned, at 7% in the first quarter.
James E. Compton: Yes. We wouldn't disclose that. It's not a really significant number, but it's part of a portfolio of products that customers enjoy in terms building the experience. Really, the goal for us is to bring the products so that the customer can participate and have choices. And so there's about half a dozen of them, all at different levels of performance. But I wouldn't want to mention what those are doing.
James E. Compton: So it's about half of the effect in terms of the connecting traffic of the total. And we can work with you offline. It's very technical, not to skirt the question. But revenue management systems are very sophisticated systems, and I think I'd use a lot of time trying to explain it, but we could probably help with that.
James E. Compton: This is Jim. My concerns are really kind of how quickly we can begin to innovate and chase the synergies and so forth, which we're actually starting to do now. So the underlying trends in April, that's where we're at. We actually are comfortable with where they're at given where we are in the migration -- in the merger and so forth. What the team is really focused on is one, closing what Jeff mentioned a lot, about gaps that we've learned about customer service due to the cutover, as well as spooling up the synergies that are associated with optimizing the network, that I mentioned in my comments, that we're moving to 15% of the flights -- of the mainline flights in the second quarter will be redeployment. So concerns I have are really just the team staying focused on achieving the things that we said we're going to achieve, and we feel really good about that, where we're at, and very excited about what we have coming forward.
