Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Brianna. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to United's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our Web site at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Leskinen. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line and available to assist in the Q&A. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks, Mike. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourselves to one question and if needed one follow up question. Brianna, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks, Brianna. And thanks for everyone joining the call today. Please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions. Hope everyone has a great summer and look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Scott Kirby: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you, Kristina. The United team produced another solid quarter. We did that while further sharpening our focus on improving our already strong safety culture over the last several months. Looking at a wide variety of metrics, our airline is safer than ever before with our culture rooted in constantly striving to make our airline safer for our employees and our customers. So we're continuing to work closely with the FAA and other partners to do exactly that. Additionally, thank you to our employees for delivering top tier operational performance amidst challenging weather, including Hurricane Beryl in Houston and getting our customers to their destinations safe and on time. While this is a quarter where industry capacity growth exceeded still solid demand, it was also a quarter that continued to show the industry developing along the lines that we've been anticipating for the past couple of years. The pressure other US airlines are experiencing today is due in large part to their unprofitable flying in many domestic markets. It was always inevitable that carriers would begin to cancel this unprofitable flying and you see that happening in earnest in the second half of August in the schedules. As a result, it appears that the domestic industry capacity growth will moderate by roughly 5 points by the fourth quarter compared to where we were in the second quarter, which should provide a constructive setup as we close out the year and a particularly beneficial backdrop heading into 2025. Since COVID began in early 2020, United has consistently been ahead of the curve on the big picture developments driving the industry. We're running the best operation in our history despite operating in the most difficult hubs in the world, Chicago, Newark and San Francisco and despite having more exposure to the issues at Boeing than any other airline in the world. Our people are proud of United and they have completely transformed the service and care for our customers. And we have the best commercial and revenue management teams in the world that are always on top of the demand environment, making strategic and technical adjustments to drive revenue. And the proof is in the pudding. We've now led the industry in domestic PRASM growth three years in a row, that cannot happen by accident. United Next was a great strategy but a great strategy only works with great execution. And that has allowed us to structurally and permanently change our position within the industry. And while we are proud of our relative outperformance to the industry, we also know that our absolute results are all that really matter. They're solid right now but I can already see the impact that the schedule changes are having on our advanced bookings and yields as we hit the mid-August industry capacity inflection point. And we are absolutely committed to our no excuses philosophy and controlling what we can to hit our guidance. And so while the industry is developing as we expected and our relative results are outperforming as we expected, we are not going to rely just on industry changes outside of our immediate control. We're also taking steps in the short term to ensure that we meet our targets. That includes aggressive cost management and reducing domestic capacity 300 basis points in the fourth quarter. The industry rationalization that we expected is beginning to play out, and we've reached the inflection point. The United Next plan continues to be the winning strategy for United. And as a result, we continue to expect to be within our full year 2024 EPS guidance range of $9 to $11 despite the tough industry environment around us. And with that, I'll hand it over to Brett.
Scott Kirby: I think that absolutely, the airline revenue to GDP ratio is going to trend back. I'm not sure where it will close but it is going to trend back upwards. And I think if you went back and looked in history what you'd find is every time capacity gets ahead of demand, this ratio declined. The reason that happens is because demand for air travel is inelastic. Like the very first project I worked on when I was an analyst at American Airlines was estimating demand elasticity, it is inelastic, every bit of analysis you look at says that demand is inelastic. But when airlines get over their skis on capacity, they rush to get the load factors up and they lower prices and that lowers overall revenue. So it really is just as simple as this ratio goes down when supply exceeds demand. And so I'm not at all surprised to see that happen. I am incredibly encouraged to see the rapid response that is happening. We'll probably talk about it more as we go through the call today, but beginning mid-August, I mean I've been through these cycles with capacity many times in my career, this is the fastest response. It's also the biggest gap between the leading airlines and the other airlines, which I think is part of the reason the response is so fast, but the fastest response I've ever seen. So I expect that to close, I think -- but I think it's purely a function of capacity.
Scott Kirby: I'm going to actually pile on and give kudos to Mike, Jonathan Ireland and Toby, because much of what you see in this is a real structural changes. I mean Mike talked about the benefit that we've gotten from irregular operations. That team, the three of them combined with a lot of support from Jason Birnbaum, our Chief Information Officer, who's sitting in here with technology are really identifying the places where there's opportunity to pull permanent cost out. To me, like there's other places that it's happening, but the irregular operations expense improvement is one of the biggest proof points. And we just have a great team that is doing those kinds of things. We didn't build that into the budget at the start of the year. We didn't realize how successful it would be, they're doing a lot of other work like that. And I think we should have a really solid process and team for cost. And so while it was great to hit that in these quarters, that's something that is an example that is permanent and we'll always spend less on irregular operations than we did in the past. And I think there's a lot more of that to come.
Scott Kirby: I don't think that's really the issue. I think the only way to decarbonize aviation really is sustainable aviation fuel. And the ability to get more efficient airplanes is nice but that's sort of measured in the 1%, 2% kind of improvement across the industry. Really getting a sustainable and viable, [fast] industry is how you get to ultimately 100%, which is our goal to get to 100%. That's why United is leading around the world, our United aviation fund. We're investing -- this is an industry that's still being built, it's in the nascent phases today. It's in the investment, it's in the R&D, it's in the research. We understand the chemistry, we understand the technology but we're now at the point where we've got to commercialize that. And so I think that keeping our eye on that ball is critical to decarbonizing what is an otherwise really hard to decarbonize industry.
Andrew Nocella: Well, first, I'd say we don't believe there was a sudden material or a significant windfall to United when American attempted to disintermediate travel agencies and force companies to book direct. So I don't think there'll be a windfall as American flip flops again to this side. We've maintained really long term partnerships with our agencies and corporate partners. And what we did during this time period is we made sure that we put in long term arrangements to gain long term market share and make the corporations and the travel agencies more sticky to United. We'll see if that actually occurs. But I think the benefits of that are actually to come more than they are currently and are currently in our current revenue outlook. So that was our perspective on it. And we think that there's no sudden windfall to United as a result of their change.
Andrew Nocella: I'll start off with first, and it's really important, United is a premium business airline not because it's the latest fad but because it's core to the hub system we operate from. Our hubs are in premium markets. Given the success of us and one other airline with a similar setup, it's no surprise that others are copying us with new cabins or expanded cabins as we've seen in the last few days. I think attempting to copy our segmentation plan when it's something that we've been implementing in earnest for more than seven years will be a challenge for anyone that does not operate from business center hubs. Our segmentation strategy is built on a complex set of products along with delivering excellent customer service. The ULCC business model in particular is built on simplicity not complexity. So our belief is our lead in the premium front is generational and not short term. And I'm not at all concerned about the changes of others. Maybe we're even a little bit flattered as they copy us.
Andrew Nocella: Well, let me start off with my views. I mean the unprofitable capacity is just not sustainable. And we see the changes occurring, as Scott said. But as you think about this question, you normally look at the pretax margins and liquidity and margins. But we did the same. However, I think even more insightful is looking at the network health of our competitors and how that is different today than it's ever been in the past to answer your question about will the capacity come back. Our estimate is margins for the worst quartile of fly in for the five least profitable domestic centric airlines is negative 25% to 35% today. We estimate that the severely unprofitable capacity is almost 10% of domestic ASMs. In the past, the magnitude of the worst line, in my view, has never been this bad and from the lower margin airlines and the lower margin airlines never had such an overall gap to the higher margin airlines like United. I don't think one low margin airline failing or shrinking dramatically in any way will change the outcome for the others at this point, given the magnitude of the losses of the worst fly in. And the other thing that's really occurred that's very interesting is the gross fly ins by these carriers is also extremely unprofitable, the -- just the business plans, in some cases, they largely run their course and there's just no new opportunities available today. And so that set up is just really different and provides us with a backstop that we think that permanent change is on its way. Exactly when it occurred over the next quarter or two or three, it is hard to say. But it does feel like when you look at these facts and the magnitude of the worst quartile profitability that this is a very different environment and the capacity hopefully will be slow to come back. But it's -- only time will tell.
Andrew Nocella: You're right. We're not going to give the capacity guidance. What we are going to say is we're going to continue with some of the fundamentals of United Next, which improved -- improving connectivity was really, really important and we'll continue to do that as we go forward. The other thing to bear in mind is one of the key ingredients to United Next was the large narrow-body gauge and fleet size. And as of today, we're a 110 aircraft short on that. We kept smaller aircraft around to compensate for that. But the A321 at United today is operating with 8 margin points above that of the rest of the narrow-body lead. And we're really bullish as we get to the right fleet mix, one that all of our competitors already have in their business plans. We are going to continue to push the margins in the right direction. I think if you have anybody in the commercial team, they realize the importance of getting to a double digit margin soon and we're all rowing the boat in the same direction to achieve that.
Andrew Nocella: We're not going to give guidance for Q4 at this point. We haven't finalized our Q4 schedules but we’ll [Multiple Speakers] that…
Andrew Nocella: And obviously, the Asia-European dynamic that I think a lot of airlines have cited now is not really one that all that relevant to United Airlines. So I don't think that negativity translates through to where we are. But what I would say is -- and we've been saying this for a while, but we do see a pivot. First, in the Pacific, last Q4, we were up 83% year-over-year in capacity. We more or less have got the Pacific back to pre-pandemic levels. And this year, we're going to be up high single digits. So we're obviously bullish about that transition. And then Latin America, South America has already pivoted to positive and we expect to close in Latin America to pivot as well and do dramatically better. And then the last point is we have said over and over again, we were taking a pause year on the Atlantic. Clearly, others did not choose to do so and our results across the Atlantic, I think, are a shining star of our plan, it worked. And so we are really happy with Atlantic. The Atlantic continues to look good going forward with extremely solid profitability. And so overall, I think international is fundamentally different than it was pre-pandemic and our results show that.
Andrew Nocella: I'll just -- yes, I'll confirm the point. We do think that September PRASM for domestic will flip positive at this point based on the 4 to 5 point improvement we're seeing so far. We think that's going to hold. We also -- July will be the worst quarter of the year probably -- July will be the worst month for the year.
Andrew Nocella: The most important thing is it's a slow but steady improvement. I don't think we see a rapid change occurring anytime soon. It's recovered roughly to 100%. Obviously, that's far behind where it would otherwise be on a typical GDP relationship. And the load factor contribution of corporate is down more than a few points relative to 2019. So it is a much smaller percentage on the airplane. But as we look, for example, in Polaris this last few months, we found the Polaris business load factor to be up a point and the leisure -- premium leisure demand was down a point as we slowly transition back to corporate. But it's going to take a while but it is happening.
Andrew Nocella: I'll give you the distinction. The premium cabin RASM was up. The premium RASM contribution was down and that's because of the definition of whether it includes Economy Plus or not. Economy Plus is obviously part of the main cabin. And Economy Plus was infiltrated by the yield weakness of the main cabin. And so we did see that issue and it resulted in the number that you just saw. But if you look at just the PRASM contribution of Polaris and Premium Plus and domestic first class, you would find that was up low single digits year-over-year.
Andrew Nocella: Look, I think the Atlantic -- well, if you go back to last year, particularly June of last year, had one of the most unbelievable quarters we've ever seen, an unbelievable month in June. And we're actually doing a little bit better year-over-year and so we're really proud of that. And we, again, think we made the right capacity allocation choices to create that outcome better than our competitors did quite frankly. What I would say is capacity to Southern Europe, which is up 31% year-over-year this summer has pushed the limits of demand to Southern Europe. And that's just a fact. But the overall combination for United, including our Southern European performance, I think, has been pretty darn good given the comp from last year. And we are very careful on our scheduled plan for this year. And that careful nature continues all the way through the end of the year with our published schedules. So we feel good about the setup that the Atlantic will continue to look pretty good going forward.
Andrew Nocella: Savi, I think it's the new normal. Demand for China is down dramatically than where it was in 2019. And it's also difficult to fly there because of the lack of Russian overflight ability. So those two combinations just make this the new normal. And so we've [adjusted], we're back to pre-pandemic capacity. We've reallocated the capacity, I think, in a more profitable way. Pacific is generating a solid margin. Obviously, the negative RASMs, particularly driven by China as China has fallen back to normal revenue performance caused year-over-year numbers for the Pacific to look a little funny. We again lapped that later this year and we'll be definitely, I think, beyond that after Q4.
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think it's all of the above, all those issues you just said. We've worked very hard to insulate ourselves from the changes, sometimes not very sound changes that are being made in the industry. And I think we did a great job of insuring [ourselves] against that, but it's not 100% insurance plan. And in this particular quarter the capacity growth was just so significant that it pressured yield in a way that it didn't, I mean, for example just in Q1. And our schedule changes in Q1 if you look at our RASM change domestically in Q1 along with the Atlantic, our schedule changes were incredibly effective, particularly during the offtake period and maybe less effective in a peak period as Q2. And that's one of the reasons I think we're excited to see how Q4 turns out because not only we've taken the same recipe book for Q1 and put it into Q4, which again had RASM changes that I don't think anybody in the industry expected out of United. But this time, the industry itself is, I think, even remarkably more different in Q4 of this year than it was in Q1 and how it's reacted and how it's changed. And again, it's changing because that fly in has extremely negative margins by many of our competitors. So that's a long answer to your, I think, very simple question.
Andrew Nocella: I can't -- I don't know for sure. What I would tell you is our expectation is Q4 domestic capacity to be up approximately 2%, a little above or a little below is kind of our expectation.
Andrew Nocella: On connected media, first, I think it's important that from a commercial perspective, we are always trying to innovate and come up with new things to drive earnings. And there's a lot of things on our book here that we haven't even begun to discuss, but connected media is one that we have announced. We expect a significant ramp up next year and we will discuss it in a lot more detail at the Investor Day. But it's going to be innovative, it's going to be really meaningful and really impactful for United Airlines going forward.
Andrew Nocella: I don't think so. I mean Tel Aviv, when we pulled it out was obviously about 2% of United Airlines. I think that number surprised everybody. And obviously, it is lucrative flying for United to say the least. And so its loss was significant. I think we've worked on reestablishing and service safely for our colleagues and we’re flying it double daily today, and we intend to continue to expand to Tel Aviv and get back to our normal schedule. But we don't think resuming Tel Aviv is going to be a drag on RASM if that's the heart of your question.
Mike Leskinen: Yes, it's a mixture. As I said in the call, running a strong operation is the best thing we can do for cost efficiency in the near term and the operational team has done a great job. We have some opportunities within tech ops also in this quarter, though. Some of those costs simply pushed to the right and were timing related. So you will see some pressure in 3Q. As we look longer term, some of the headwinds around CASM include labor deals that we're looking forward to finalize. We also expect to see some uplift in regional flying in the future. That will work against the gauge benefit that we expect over a two to three year time frame. And so that's another headwind. And look, as Andrew spoke about, our premium product is in great demand. And so we continue to make investments in our product, in our airports, in our catering. And those will add costs but we expect to add even more revenue. So those are some of the headwinds. Now tailwinds and we've been on this for several years but we have an idiosyncratic tailwind of gauge that is like no one else in the industry. And we continue to see some real opportunity from that. As we spoke about last quarter, we've now level loaded our skyline for aircraft. That's going to create a more stable growth pattern, which will allow us to hire more efficiently and make sure that every asset is staffed appropriately, allowing for more efficient growth. And then longer term, I do expect to have a more efficient maintenance operation. So a little bit of the puts and takes.
Mike Leskinen: I'll let Andrew talk about September PRASM. I will say that at this point in the year, $2 range on earnings per share, $9 to $11, so that's a range that in a more normal environment, I would have liked to narrow. You would expect to have more certainty now than we had back in January when we initially said it. But while we see this incredible inflection upon us in the industry, the precise timing in magnitude is difficult to call. And so as we look out to the third quarter and fourth quarter, current trends based on current yields, based on the current published capacity would put us at the low end of the $9 -- in the lower half of the $9 to $11 for the full year. But there are a ton of reasons to expect further reductions of unprofitable flying to push us higher. And so we very deliberately and had significant discussions internally, but very deliberately left the range wide and we are committing to hit something in that range. And you can all read the tea leaves as the data develops to decide where you want to make your own estimate. We're committing to the range.
Mike Leskinen: I think very little change from our prior guidance. We're targeting that 100 narrow bodies per year as we rebaseline the skyline, and nothing that we see right now would cause me to change that today.
Mike Leskinen: As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're now at 2.6 times trailing 12 month net debt-to-EBITDAR. Back in 2019, we were at 2.5 times. So we're already at pre-pandemic levels of leverage. We've got a tremendous amount of cash on the balance sheet, feel really good about the balance sheet for those reasons. We are also funding all of the organic growth to drive United Next. We are investing in our airplanes. We are investing in our people. Those two buckets are the first two priorities and calls on cash. The third call on cash is investor returns. And given where our balance sheet is and given the level of organic growth that we are funding, we now have a lot of flexibility to start to consider investor returns and to start to look at some further deleveraging. And so we'll see -- I see a mix of that going forward. Specifically to your question really there are no instruments that are prepayable right now that are of such high coupon like the 11% debt we just prepaid. There are no near term opportunities of that magnitude to prepay any more debt.
Mike Leskinen: And I 100% understand where you're coming from. I care very deeply about creating shareholder value and free cash flow, driving free cash flow to shareholders over time, it's critical to driving our multiple higher. We get that. But our United Next strategy is working. Our confidence that based on the relative margins, the divergence between the haves and the have-nots, it's never been wider. So all of the evidence, it's not about being in a tunnel and wondering what that light in front of you is. That light in front of us is very bright and it's a sunny day. We don't know exactly how much longer the tunnel is. But we're coming out the other side in a very strong competitive position with a premium product that can't be copied and emulated by competitors with moats around our business that are going to drive higher margins. And so as those margins increase, we're going to have higher free cash flow and you're going to see those returns to our shareholders. I'd ask for a little bit more patience as we drive through. But all evidence is that the strategy is working, and therefore, you're not going to see us pull back.
Mike Leskinen: We don't have a date scheduled yet. We're working on it. We are still targeting later this year and we'll be back if and when we schedule and finalize that date.
