Jeff Smisek: Thank you, Nene and DeAnne. Good morning and thanks for joining us. I also want to thank all my co-workers. Across the system, they have done a tremendous job managing record high load factors while delivering a great product and excellent customer service, day in and day out. I appreciate all their efforts. Continental reported net income of $257 million or a profit of $1.60 per diluted share for the second quarter, excluding $24 million of merger related costs and other special charges. Including these special items, our net income was $233 million or $1.46 per share. These results were largely driven by improvement in the revenue environment. Business traffic is coming back, though slowly. Leisure demand has been strong and we expect it will remain so throughout the remainder of the summer. This demand strength, together with the capacity reductions over the last couple of years have helped us to manage yields up. Jim has more detail to share with you in a moment, but I think you will agree that the direction of revenue streams is encouraging. We have also been growing our ancillary revenue streams, our customers are taking advantage of the additional options we have begun to offer such as day of departure upgrades and premium seating. Together, these two initiatives are currently generating over $200,000 per day in additional revenue. On the operation side, we maintained our excellent completion rate by achieving the systemwide mainline segment completion factor of 99.3% for the quarter despite cancellations caused by the Icelandic volcano. We achieved a mainline domestic on-time performance of 80% or greater in all three of the months during the quarter and my co-workers earned $6 million in cash incentives for that performance. So, it’s too early to tell what the fall trends will be like, but we are pleased with the revenue and demand trends we have been seeing so far. We continue to exercise capacity discipline and for the full year 2010, we expect both our consolidated and mainline capacity will be up only about a 0.5% to 1.5% year-over-year, with our mainline domestic capacity down, a 0.5% to 1.5% year-over-year. As for next year it’s too soon to say what the capacity of the merged carrier will be, but I can tell you that I am pleased with the benefits Continental has experienced from capacity discipline. Over the last several years, we have been focused on reducing capacity in the geographic areas that underperformed, to that end our 2010 mainline domestic capacity will be down about 12% versus 2007. I expect to continue this rigorous domestic capacity discipline as we look to optimize the merged carrier suite across the combined network. Historically, substantially all of our profits have come from our international operations, so we are highly motivated to achieve an appropriate balance between our domestic and international capacity. During the quarter, continental announced that next year it will initiate non-stop service between Houston and Auckland, New Zealand; Houston and Lagos, Nigeria and New York and Cairo, Egypt. Given the combined strength of the Continental and United Networks as well as the breadth of connections provided by our Star Alliance partners, these routes are excellent opportunity to expand our global reach while benefiting our bottom line. Finally, before I turn the call over to Jim and Zane, I want to give a brief update on the progress of our merger. Between the two companies, we have several hundred people divided into about 30 functional teams working on integration planning. We have held a series of joint meetings and the teams are off to a good start in laying the path towards successful integration. On the regulatory front, we have made all the necessary DOT and international filings and we continue to work closely with the Department of Justice. As expected we received the DOJ’s second request in early June and we and United are working towards complying with it. Continental and United have agreed to provide the DOJ with additional time beyond the statutory 30 days after our compliance with that second request, to complete its review. We expect our separate shareholder meetings will be held in late September. Things are progressing well and I remain confident that we will close the transaction in the fourth quarter. In addition, I am pleased that we and United reached an agreement in principal for a transition and process agreement with our two pilot groups which is a good first step on the road to negotiating in a timely fashion a joint collective bargaining agreement and having our pilots to agree on an integrated seniority list. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jim and Zane to discuss this quarter’s revenue and cost performance detail.
Jeff Smisek: Thanks, Jim and Zane. We are pleased with our second quarter results and the demand trends we are currently seeing give us the reason to be optimistic about the outlook. We are committed to focusing on our day-to-day business, while our dedicated team handles merger integration matters. Our merger will result in many changes. However, our focus on our culture, our people, our customers and our performance won’t to be changing. I look forward to leading the team that brings together the strengths of each company and creates the platform for achieving and sustaining profitability. With that I will turn the call back over to DeAnne to begin our Q&A.
Jeff Smisek: No, I am not saying that Bill, what I am saying is that we at Continental are very focused on returning to profitability and sustaining it and in our merger with United that is our focus as well. We will have the capacity that we think is appropriate to make sure that we maximize our profitability and we will also allocate our capacity appropriately to markets where we are making money and we will be thoughtful about capacity in markets where we are not making them.
Jeff Smisek: Bill, I think ancillary revenue is a significant opportunity for Continental, and I think that United has done a very good job. There are many issues related to rolling out our ancillary revenue products. There are IT issues, there are global distribution system issues, there are timing issues in terms of where it is in the chain of purchase, whether it’s a prepurchase or day of departure or post purchase. So there are many opportunities and I think we are beginning to explore many of those opportunities and we’ll announce them as they come out, but I think that there are significant benefits to ancillary revenues. I think there will be significant future benefits and I think ancillary revenues will be a growing revenue stream for Continental and I believe will be a growing revenue stream for the combined carrier as well.
Jeff Smisek: I am not aware of that report sitting here at this point in time. I will tell you that it wouldn’t surprise me because this is a very pro-competitive transaction, so that’s unsurprising to me. 
Jeff Smisek: So Jamie, just think how great it will be when we got that flat bed seats on an aircraft like the 787.
Jeff Smisek: There are advantages and disadvantages that are mostly technical under each operating certificate and this is a fairly technical discussion that’s going on currently right now, but I think that in the long run, I don’t think you are going to see material differences in how we operate the businesses as based on whichever operating certificate we got to pick.
Jeff Smisek: We have been anticipating that. We had every expectation that it would be approved, we have a solid competitive position across the Atlantic. We certainly with our merger with United will provide a vast and very attractive global network and as we have also interlines competition, but we are very comfortable with our position. We are very comfortable going forward, we are very comfortable with AABA.
Jeff Smisek: Ted, I don’t know that we are in new era. I think that we went through some pretty rough times. The economy is recovering, that’s a good thing. Airlines are focused on profitability, certainly we at Continental and we combined with United will be, we’ll take all the actions that we need to take to normally restore ourselves properly, but to be able to sustain those through the business cycle, that’s our goal and we are going to be very focused on that.
Jeff Smisek: We have announced a couple of new routes that we will fly 787s on, to Lagos and to Auckland. We're going to use those aircraft, both in new routes and also in existing routes and we can also use them seasonally to routes. So we will use them in various ways depending on how our profits maximize.
Jeff Smisek: I think the branding is just marvelous Doug and we are going to be painting the aircraft promptly. We want a uniform fleet and we will be doing that from the day that we close the merger.
Jim Compton: Thanks Jeff, I join Jeff in thanking our co-workers for running a great operation and delivering excellent customer service. They have also done a great job staying focused on maximizing revenue opportunity, including continuing to pull our participation in Star Alliance. In addition to expanding our JV with United, Lufthansa and Air Canada, we have been busy adding codeshare flights with our other Star partners. Since April, we have implemented codeshare relationships with Air New Zealand, SAS, and TAM of Brazil. And plan to implement codesharing with both Brussels Airlines by the end of July. In addition, we have completed agreements with Aegean of Greece and Spanair of Spain. And we will begin codesharing with them upon receipt of government approval. Moving onto our second quarter revenue results. Our mainline RASM was up 18.8% due primarily to strength in mainline yields, which were up 16.3% year-over-year. We also continue to run strong load factors, setting a second quarter mainline load factor record of 85%, up 1.8 points year-over-year.  During the quarter, our mainline passenger RASM, on a length of haul-adjusted basis outperformed the industry average. In the second quarter, our RASM outperformed the industry by 9.8 points. So again congratulations to our team on the job well done. Regional RASM for the second quarter was up 23.8% year-over-year due to stronger yield, which was up 19.9% year-over-year and stronger load factor which was up 2.5 points. We like the trends we are seeing, but continue to believe this will be a long, slow recovery. We have seen a continued sequential improvement in high yield passengers since the beginning of the year, but their numbers were still down about 20% in June 2010 compared to June 2008 and revenue from high-yield passengers was down about 10% in June 2010 compared to 2008. Transatlantic and Transpacific year-over-year BusinessFirst RASM for the second quarter continued to see material improvements attributable to both improved yields and higher load factors.  I realize the year-over-year comps for the second quarter were still pretty easy, but on a year-over-two year basis, both Transatlantic and Transpacific BusinessFirst load factor were up nicely for the second quarter. And both Transatlantic and Transpacific BusinessFirst yields were positive in May and June on a year-over-two year basis. As I mentioned, we continue to fill up our participation in Star very nicely and are pleased with the revenue results thus far. On a year-over-year basis, our second quarter total passenger revenue was up19.7%, but our total partner revenue was up 73% due to our membership in Star. On a year-over-two year basis, our second quarter total passenger revenue was down 9%, but our total partner revenue was up 16%. The value of Star to Continental continues to outperform our expectations and is significantly better for us than our former alliance. Last July we, United, Lufthansa and Air Canada received DOT approval to establish the Transatlantic joint venture. We have already implemented many aspects of the JV including joint inventory management and pricing, joint marketing, joint sales and joint corporate contracts. As part of the Transatlantic JV, we are in negotiations to implement a revenue sharing structure. As currently contemplated, that structure would result in payments between participants, based on a formula that compares current period unit revenue performance on Transatlantic routes to a historical period or base line which is reset annually. The payments will be calculated on a quarterly basis and subject to a cap. Assuming that revenue sharing is implemented and that the revenue sharing formula is applied retroactive to January 1, 2010 as currently contemplated, we estimate that our liability for revenue sharing payments to joint venture carriers, whom we have outperformed with the approximately $40 million for the six months ended June 30 2010. However this estimate of our revenue sharing obligation for the first six months of 2010 is not indicative of our expectations for the full year as we currently expect our net obligation for 2010 to be substantially less than this amount. Now turning to the outlook for July RASM, we still have a little over a week left in the month of July and things could change, but based on the data thus far we are currently estimating both consolidated and mainline July RASM will be up about 21% year-over-year. Again these numbers are preliminary estimates based on the data we have for July thus far. With that I’ll turn the call over to Zane.
Jim Compton: Our guidance is really just the consolidate mainline, so I wouldn’t comment on July by entity at all. But if you look at the second quarter that we reported, clearly for us particularly in the month of May HN1N1 last year had an effect, we were an industry leader in pulling capacity out. Quite frankly we are obviously large in Mexico where a lot of HN1N1 sit. So really they would clearly impact in terms of our RASM number as kind of moved to the quarterly in the second quarter, but for July, my comments are on the 21% on mainline consolidated.
Jim Compton: We are actually an early adopter of the ITA software and have a really good relationship and a strong business partnership with ITA. They have a really good shopping solution, that we use on continental.com and it’s worked very well for us, as we have seen some terrific penetration on continental.com in terms of tickets and the growth in terms of our percent of revenue that was falling on continental.com and that shopping solution is a low fare search engine that has served us well. That being said, there are alternatives to that shopping solution in the market place, both internally and externally. So to your question as it relates specifically, we are going to watch the business plan at Google and ITA has been a great partner, but clearly way too early for us to comment on that, but knowing that there are alternatives, both internal external to that shopping solution.
Jim Compton: Obviously with the summer period, seasonally strong demand, the market place has pricing that’s stronger than last year on the leisure fare with some of the surcharges in the industry. So we are seeing strong demand on the leisure side. We talk about the next six weeks being booked on domestically 1 to 2 points.  That again is a sign, the booking curve relatively year-over-year has shifted closer in for revenue management to take in opportunities with that. I would also kind of add to that, that once again in the earnings release, it was record load factors both mainline and consolidated. So I think what we are saying is we are seeing really strong leisure demand with yield as well as a continued improvement in business traffic as we have seen it go through the second quarter.
Jim Compton: Yes, I think if you look at our high yield that we referred, I would say it is a little bit of combination of all the things that you talk about, but specifically it’s more the volume, not being back at the levels and, I mentioned 20% decline in passengers with 10% decline in revenue. So the average yields are actually stronger than that (inaudible) period pre-recession, but the volumes are still growing back which of kind ties. We constantly talk about the slow recovery and those absolute volumes building back. In terms of buyback, we recently again had a corporate advisory with our corporate travel managers in June, pretty consistent that business is coming back slowly, I would say they talk about less restrictions in terms of travel policy and we haven’t heard anything about more restrictions in travel policies from that advisory group.
Jim Compton: Yes, we are actually having terrific performance where our flat bed seats have gone into the market place. We as of June have scheduled all of New York to London, all of London with a flat bed seat and London performance is doing terrific and so forth. As well as you know we are having strong performance into Asia and we are up to 25 airplanes with the 757 and the 777 with the flat bed seat, the customer reaction has been fantastic to that seat and so yes we are seeing good business traffic because of the seat.
Jim Compton: I think that is one way to think about, I will tell you for instance, working with Lufthansa and our placement and working with them on corporate contracts out of Germany is significantly more than what we were doing within the SkyTeam alliance and so forth. So the ability to attract some of that high yield business traffic offshore is one of the benefits that we are seeing given our Star relationship and particularly our JV relationship.
Jim Compton: I would say that it’s narrower. As I look at the second quarter the thing that you always obviously have to keep in mind is the seasonality of quarters and things like that. So we clearly see the relative strength in international, but I think as it refers clearly to the second quarter, we have seen some of that narrowing.
Jim Compton: Both from the investor update and then obviously with my comments on July our comments are really kind of the six-week help period and so really don’t have a comment on what other folks are saying on September at this point.
Zane Rowe: Thanks Jim. I want to begin by thanking the entire Continental team for all their contributions to a good quarter. Our team did a great job delivering strong cost performance while running a solid operation. Our second quarter mainline CASM holding fuel rate constant and excluding special item was up 2.2% year-over-year. Revenue related costs such as commissions and reservations and sales expense were the primary drivers of the increase year-over-year. We also made an accrual for profit sharing based on our year-to-date pretax income. CASM came in slightly lower than expected primarily due to a security fee refund from the TSA. In the second half of the year, we expect to see some pressure on CASM, again due to high revenue related expenses as well as increased variable compensation tied to profitability. We also expect increased expenses related to a higher level of frequent flyer reward activity as our one pass members take advantage of our expanded Star network. For the full-year 2010, excluding special items and holding fuel rate constant, we expect both our consolidated and mainline CASM to be at 2.5% to 3.5% year-over-year. We continue to work to improve our cost structure and efficiencies across all areas of the operation. Our EBITDAR margin excluding special items was 19%, our best performance for the second quarter since 2003. Turning to fuel, our second quarter consolidated fuel price including taxes and hedge impact was $2.26 per gallon. Given the current forward curve, we estimate that including taxes and hedge impact, our third quarter and full-year consolidated fuel price will be $2.21 per gallon. We’ve hedged about 50% of our remaining 2010 fuel needs and about 12.5% of the first half of 2011 using a mix of swaps, collars and call options. Further detail of our current hedge position is outlined in our investor update filed earlier today. Our fuel efficiency remains our best hedge again rising fuel prices. Our mainline fleet is approximately 10% more efficient than the average of our network peers. We continue to pursue improved fuel efficiency. We have one of the best aircraft order books and as of this quarter, we have all of our narrow body aircraft fitted with fuel saving winglet. We ended the second quarter with 337 mainline aircrafts in service, in the third quarter we will place nine new 737-800s and two new 777-200s into service. On the regional side, we ended the second quarter with 251 regional aircraft flown on our behalf under capacity purchase agreement. We will place one additional Q400 into service in the third quarter. As Jeff mentioned we are focused on capacity discipline and on achieving an appropriate balance between domestic and international capacity. With that in mind, we reached an agreement in principle with Boeing to defer it to 2015, three 737 aircraft originally scheduled to deliver in the first half of 2011. Moving onto the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $3.5 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investment. This was our highest quarter-ending cash balance on record. As a percentage of our last 12 months revenue, cash was approximately 26%. We also expect to end the third quarter with approximately $3.5 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments. For the full year 2010, we estimate our cash capital expenditures will be approximately $400 million. This includes both non-aircraft and aircraft related expenditures. Earlier, this month we contributed $38 million to our defined benefit pension plans, bringing our year-to-date contribution to $112 million. Our remaining minimum funding requirement for this year is $33 million. In conclusion in the months ahead, while we work to ensure a smooth merger transition, we will remain focused on running a clean, safe and reliable operation. We continue to have many advantages. Our employees are among the most professional and dedicated in the industry. Through Star Alliance, we offer customers access to the world’s leading network. We continue to invest in our modern fuel efficient fleet and our award winning products and we are growing our revenue streams by offering our customers more product choices while maintaining costs and capacity discipline. All this together with our working together culture provides us the platform to achieve and sustain our goal of profitability. With that I will turn the call back to Jeff.
Zane Rowe: Jamie, what you are seeing there is our updated guidance based on our overall view of what the rest of the year looks like. So as I touched on, you have got revenue-related expenses which would include commissions RASM sales and then obviously along with that we have a number of other expenses that we go up. As our profitability view increases, profit sharing accruals would increase as well and likewise as they come down, they come down as well.
Zane Rowe: We highlighted the minimal obligation that’s not necessarily what we plan on funding and so we funded a little bit more than we needed to through the course of the month that’s the only difference there.
Zane Rowe: That’s correct. The portion of the contract hasn’t been signed, so we are not accruing anything for that.
Zane Rowe: The foreign currency was the bulk of it. There’s a small amount of hedging effect in this, but that was it. It was $10 million for the quarter.
Zane Rowe: We can tell you though that we had just over 38,700 as for the second quarter. Those are FTEs, those aren’t headcount.
