Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's First Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our Web site at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectation. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Jon Roitman; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Michael Leskinen: Thank you, Jerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community, please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask the questions.
Michael Leskinen: Thanks, Brandon. And I'm going to let Andrew finish answering the last question. And then, I'll and then I'll give closing remarks.
Michael Leskinen: Thanks, Andrew. And thanks to everyone for joining the call today. Please contact investor or media relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Scott Kirby: Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. My, what a difference a year makes. Last year at this time, demand was almost completely shut down. And we'd been burning up to $100 million per day. Thanks to our people's hard work, dedication and commitment to doing the right thing for our customers we're in a dramatically different place now. We're proud of the fact that after being up over 30 points last year, our Q1 customer NPS scores were the highest quarterly ever in United's history despite severe winter storms and higher load vectors, a testament to the enduring changes we've made to improve the customer experience. We're also pleased to confirm last week that our core cash flow for the month of March was positive and we continue to expect positive core cash flow moving forward. This confirms the view that we first shared in October 2020 that we could see the light at the end of the tunnel. We're more confident than ever in the recovery and in the long-term earnings power of United Airlines. Even with business and long haul international demand is still off by 80 plus percent. We can now squarely focus on returning to positive adjusted EBITDA as our next milestone. In fact, we now see a clear path to reaching that milestone, even with business and long haul down as much as 70%. In addition, we expect to return to positive net income once business and long haul international recover to down 35%. And as we've maintained from the beginning of the crisis, we're increasingly confident that both business and long haul will eventually recover fully. When that recovery begin, no airline is better positioned to capitalize on it than United, which is why we're so confident about returning to profitability and ultimately exceeding 2019 adjusted EBITDA margins in 2023. We continued our return to new vision in the first quarter and we're making progress towards those milestones. One, a key pillar of returning to new is changing how customers feel about United, so they choose to fly United. In the quarter, we continued to pivot our operational measurement and decision-making to center on our commitment to customers. Jon will talk about this in more detail but at United, we're innovating in ways that not only make us more efficient and improve our cost structure. These changes also drive a better customer experience. We're also solidifying expanding our leadership and sustainability. Last week, we announced the launch of Eco-Skies Alliance, a collaboration with global corporations to build on United's already dominant position when it comes to the use of sustainable aviation fuel. And earlier this year, we announced an agreement with Archer Aviation as part of our effort to invest in emerging technologies for a more sustainable future and we're excited for more to come on this front. United is clearly the sustainability leader in global aviation. But I'm encouraged by conversations I've had with other CEOs around the world, including others in our industry, which revealed that more and more companies are looking to real solutions, like carbon sequestration, to decarbonize our industry and our global economy. Three, the future United Airlines is also committed to being the acknowledged industry leader in diversity, equity and inclusion. As Brett will detail further, early this month, we outlined our plan to train 5000 pilots at our Aviate Academy by the end of the decade, with a goal that half of the students will be women and people of color. Four, turning to restoring our balance sheet, last week, we announced a new debt offering using our slots, gates and routes as collateral with proceeds to be used to exit the CARES loan. And we expect that this will be our last COVID crisis related debt rate. Five, as Jerry will also detail in the first quarter, we made further progress on our commitment to $2 billion in structural cost reductions to offset inflationary pressures, with nearly 95% of the savings now identified. As we returned anew, this is not the old United Airlines you remember. The new United and our culture have changed for the better for our customers, our employees and our shareholders. As business and international long haul demand recover, we expect to quickly ramp the positive adjusted EBITDA margins, followed by profitability, and then exceeding 2019 adjusted EBITDA margins by 2023. We remain confident in that trajectory and if anything, recent results put us ahead of pace for reaching those goals. And with that, I'll hand it over to Brett.
Scott Kirby: Thanks for the question, Mike. I think I'll hand it over to Jon Roitman, our Head of Operations and he can talk about the return to service for both aircraft.
Scott Kirby: Helane in regards from the second part of your question, in Latin America, what I would say is, this summer, we're planning to be at our 2019 levels already and there's very few parts of our airline, we're at that level. We have a great Latin American franchise. However, it's been historically very Houston-centric and we've taken the opportunity in the recent months and going forward to diversify that portfolio to now include more out of Los Angeles, Washington and New York and our intention is to keep that. And so we're really excited about that. We're going to take our Latin system from very Houston-centric to more diversified across the entire United network.
Scott Kirby: Well, thanks for giving us the kudos for being the ones that are most likely to think creative. I think you're correct. But unfortunately, we're not -- we have some ideas, but they have to be win-win solutions, I think there are some ways to create win-win solutions. We demonstrated that with our pilots, going through the crisis, where we negotiated a deal with them that's going to turn out quite well for them. Because the payroll support program meant that some of the insurance policy that we bought wasn't really needed. But it was a fantastic and important for us to be able to keep the airline intact and be ready to come back on the other side of the crisis. And it's an example of the kind of win-win solutions that we can have. I think we've created a lot of trust as we've gone through the crisis with our Union partners and with the front line, one of the addition -- in addition to minimizing our cash burn, one of the other benefits of be accurate, about predicting the course of the crisis has been the credibility that we've gained with our team. And because I think we're going to have some opportunities but I'm not prepared to share here today, until we get them nailed down with our teams at a negotiating table. But thanks for the kudos.
Scott Kirby: I don't, well, if anything, I don't think in the long-term, it altered it a whole lot. Other than I would say that as we went through the pandemic, the fact that United Airlines had -- would should have the most exposure to COVID of any airline in the country, we have the biggest business demand, we have the largest international network and those are the two things that are still down over 80%. We should have by all rights been hit the hardest. But we have -- it's hard to sort through all the numbers because everyone reports cash burn and things differently, including us, by the way. But, if I look at cash flow from operations, which I started to do, because that at least is a GAAP metric and there are fewer adjustments to it, then you adjust it for size. We pretty consistently have been the number one or number two airline, not just compared to our big network carrier competitors but compared to a low cost carrier competitors. And that's remarkable and I mean we had a head start in this race and we have managed to stay ahead. And what that means is, we have prepared ourselves and primed ourselves, for when the recovery really comes back. And the fact that, we can be at the front of the pack or near the front of the pack, while we have, essentially two-thirds of our business down 80%, which by the way, just for round numbers, sort of roughly a third of our business is domestic leisure, a third is domestic business, a third is long haul International, those numbers aren't exact, but they're close enough for government work. And, we saw two thirds of our business down 80% and we're still able to put up those kinds of results. Those two things are coming back. I am confident I'll give you one anecdote, Jamie, I'm giving a long answer to the question. But I'll give you one anecdote on business demand, which is, I've been talking to one of the CEOs of one of our biggest travel partners, as we've gone through the crisis. And I can remember last summer, that CEO telling me that I needed to prepare for business demand to permanently be down by 50%. Because they realized -- because Zoom was great and they were -- it changed how they were going to interact. By the time we got into the fall, that same CEO had said, well, we're going to get back to 100% with our customers, because we realize we have to do that. And we're losing ground with customers by not being in front of them and losing opportunities. But we're never going back to all the internal meetings that we used to have. So we'll be down 20% to 30%. I talked to that same CEO earlier this year and said, well, as soon as the restrictions are lifted, at least for the first year, we've lost some of our cultural connectivity. We've had new hires, a lot of new hires coming in, there's no way they can be a part of our culture sitting at home. So we're going to probably have to go 20% to 30%, more than we did in 2019. And I tell that story, because it's what we have thought at United all the way back to a year ago, which is that, we expected full recovery in business demand because business travel is about relationships. It is not about transactions. It is about relationships and you cannot build human relationships through a medium like this. And so that's, a long way of saying, we have our business are still the hardest impacted by the endogenous environment, the lack of business demand and the lack of international travel. But we're performing at the front of the pack in spite of that, and those two things are coming back and when they do, we are going to be in the lead. I have no doubt about it, but this is going to be the number one airline. Because if we can be at or near the front of the pack, with those two massive headwind when those headwinds turn into tailwind, it's going to be really gangbusters here at United. So I'm excited about the future and what it means for competing with low cost carriers and with everyone else around the world.
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Savi. It's Andrew. I'll give it a try. I think short haul Latin is already there. It's not a very business centric region for us. And demand there looks very strong, yields are a little bit weak. But that's moving ahead nicely. I do think we're pretty bullish on that part of the world. In regards to Asia and Europe, it's really hard to say I think at this point, I would tell you, I think Europe is on a faster recovery pace than Asia, but only time will tell. And as I said earlier, we're prepared to begin quite a bit of flying to the U.K. this summer, if that does open up. So I do think Europe is likely a little bit ahead of Asia. Latin America is ahead of both at this point. Hopefully that provides some color for you.
Andrew Nocella: That's an awfully complicated question, Mike. I'll try to keep it high level, but we may have to kind of go offline. So the company is engaged in slot transactions over many, many years, quite frankly, long before I got here. So at this point, in JFK, we're operating a few flights per day to Los Angeles and San Francisco, which we're excited to do after our five year absence. And we're looking forward to be able to maintain our JFK slots, and grow our operation. But we are working with the FAA to use idle field capacity that's available to us going forward versus the slots that you were referring to in those documents. But I'll we'll be happy to take this offline, if you need any more answers than that. Slot transactions over many eons are pretty complicated to track in this type of call.
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Jamie. I will try to answer it that way, I would say that, given where we are in the pandemic and how demand looks and everything else that we've seen occur over the last 12 months, basic economy is a small portion of our business right now -- below, in single digits is what I'm saying.
Andrew Nocella: Sure, I'll give it a try. David, we know we've been really focused on trying to figure out how to manage yields going forward. And quite frankly, as we look forward to this summer, particularly certainly in mid-June, we see our domestic leisure yields as positive versus 2019. And that's one of the things from an RM perspective we've been talking about a long time is how do we get our pricing and yield to -- look, really, sorry, yields to look like they were in the past. And I think we've made incredible progress. That is not necessarily true in Q2. Our yield outlook is, as you see reflected in our revenue, outlook, not as strong, we were selling lower yields in the Q2 period, earlier in the year. But we do see this inflection point it is in mid-June. And I'm really pleased to see that we expect to have low factors that start with [8] [ph] and yield, hopefully from a domestic leisure point of view, that are positive year-for-year. I mean, we still have a long way to go. And this summer is still quite a ways off. But I'm really actually quite bullish that we've turned the corner on that.
Andrew Nocella: And you answered your own question. There are lots of puts and takes. And it will also depend on the cadence of new aircraft deliveries and what we expect to do there. So it's a little premature to answer that, that question. And we have a lot of flexibility in our ability to pay down debt. That's why we kept as much debt as we could free payable to give us that flexibility.
Andrew Nocella: As you go through the quarter that June is our inflection point where we add a lot more capacity. We will get back to you with the exact domestic number. But it's in June where we have the inflection change and we're definitely doing a lot more domestic than we are doing international.
Andrew Nocella: To your first one, I did not say that, just to be clear. I think the portfolio is, in many ways, just a great asset for United along with the whole frequent flyer program. And we are pleased to nurture it and grow it. And again, it has not been impacted nearly as much as the top-line passenger revenue number as we thought would be and it is actually the case, you're really pleased by that. So we're really focused on growing it. We've seen things starting to return to normal, though we're not exactly at normal. We've wanted two new cards recently, the most recent is the Quest card. And Chase has been an excellent partner in building all of this. And we think we have a lot of runway in front of us for the card, as well as for the entire program. So a lot more to come on this. We have high expectations, and we think we're going to deliver a lot of value out of the program in the long run.
Jon Roitman: Great. Thank you, Andrew. And thanks for the question. Let's start with the Max, we have 17 of our 30 Max aircraft that are out of our schedule, obviously, due to the electrical grounding issue that Boeing identified. And we have really good collaboration with Boeing, the FAA, we think the solution, once it's formally identified, is relatively straightforward. And we're looking forward to getting those aircraft back in the very near future. Relatively Pratt powered 777, again, really productive collaboration with Pratt, Boeing and the FAA. And this progress and relative to that airplane to look forward to getting that aircraft back to safe operations in the future.
Jon Roitman: As I alluded to before, it's just too premature for us to outline what that schedule looks like. I'll just tell you that, again, we've had really productive collaboration with and there's progress. And, we're really looking forward to getting the aircraft back in the air safely.
Jon Roitman: So we do expect when we return to new to be more efficient. We look at things like our management, administrative headcount, and we're going to keep it at a permanently lower level, for example. So I think we will be back to 100% headcount, when we're back to a little more than 100% of our 2019 capacity, which likely happen into this year or sometime in the next year.
Jon Roitman: Thank you. Jon Roitman, again, I'll take the max question is, as I mentioned before, that, we have progress, and the solution seems relatively straightforward, for sure. We're in the space of just getting the service bulletin requirements finalized. And it should be pretty short process, once that's completed. Really looking forward to getting that aircraft back. And there's no other issues with the Mac's other than the 17 of our 30. That are out of our schedule right now to the grounding issue.
Jon Roitman: Hi, Justin. Regards to your yield question, as we said, we are seeing a lot more clarity in terms of this summer, where our yields are domestically or leisure oriented business are starting to look positive, which is great to see. As we enter into the fourth quarter, that's really a long time away, particularly in the latter parts of the pandemic. So I don't want to -- my crystal ball is not perfectly clear, to be honest. And a big part of it plays into the rebound in business traffic, which again, we expect to see quite a bit more of as we get into the fall, particularly as the kids go back to schools and folks start to return into their offices in September. So October is usually a very strong business month for United Airlines. And I think the industry and we'll have to see how that works out. But we're carefully managing our capacity and we expect to be significantly larger as we kind of go through the process over the next few months in fall. And we're making sure we do that with the right pricing and yield strategies for United Airlines. So we're moving in the right direction. And I think those are my comments.
