Julie Yates Stewart: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning everyone and welcome to United's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of the call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor update, copies of which are available on our website. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; and Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Levy. We also have others in the room available to assist with Q&A. And now I would like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Julie Yates Stewart: Thank you, Andrew. First, we will take questions from the analyst community, then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question and if need one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Julie Yates Stewart: All right, thanks to all for joining the call today. Please contact Media Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Julie. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Before we review United's performance for the previous quarter, I want to address the events on last week. The incident on Flight 3411 has been a humbling, learning experience for all of us here at United and for me, in particular. In addition to apologizing to Dr. Dao as well as all the passengers aboard, I also want to apologize to our customers. You can and should expect more from us and as CEO, I take full responsibility for making this right. We've always sought to repay our customers' trust with the highest quality of service and deepest level of respect and dignity. We are and will make the necessary policy changes to ensure this never happens again. Those changes began with two key announcements last week. First, from now on, we'll not call for law enforcement to remove passengers from our flight, except in cases of security or safety concerns. Second, crews traveling on our aircraft must be booked at least 60 minutes prior to departure. In addition, we continue to review a broader array of policies and systems that factor into situations like this. And importantly, we are involving our front-line employees and, to a degree, some of our customers to help us take a more common-sense approach to how we do things. We'll communicate the results of our review and the additional actions we will take by April 30th. Now if I could, turning to the topic of earnings and operational performance. As the positive financial results we will discuss today make clear, our people have done a great work to create a more reliable, profitable, and financially sound airline for our customers, investors and everyone we serve. Our financial and operational performance in the first quarter of 2017 gives us a lot of confidence about the foundation we're building, but it's clear we have further to go in terms of elevating the experience our customers have with us. This is a true learning opportunity and will ultimately prove to be a watershed moment for our company as we work harder than ever to put our customers at the center of everything we do. Now, I'll turn it over to Scott to give an update on operations and revenue.
Oscar Munoz: No. I just wanted to -- I will go back a little bit to your question to Andrew with regards to the other expense category. I think it's important to note that Andrew specifically is leading an initiative to bring down cost in the company across the board, and we had some success in that, and that's what we'd committed. Additionally, with some of the components that we mentioned, I think we have to recognize that they're investments for the customer, right, what do you think of Polaris, what you think of the IT organization. Some of the tools that we rolled out already this year have had a significant level of improvement how we treat our customers. So, we'll continue to manage that and talk a little bit more of that specifically because you will see that cost trend potentially continue. But again, there's initiatives to offset it, plus it's getting a return with regards to our revenue and passenger loads. 
Oscar Munoz: And I would just add, Brandon, and reiterate what I think I said a couple of times publicly. This is a thoughtful approach with lots of team members involved. Andrew Nocella has just joined us, and joined the team and is really in charge of most of that day in and day out. So really thoughtful, but at the same time opportunistic because it is a unique opportunity as Scott outlined that we have and the list of opportunities continues to be a fairly large one, how we do it in a thoughtful balanced way is sort of the course of the day. But I can tell you that market share is not a conversation we have in this room or with our board, it is all about margin. And so, again, I just want to reiterate that point.
Oscar Munoz: Hey David. We are looking at a broad array of issues that affected not only that situation or our broader customer experience. And so we are hard at work at that and have been for the last few days and I'll ask all of you to wait until that time when we talk about it.
Oscar Munoz: This is Oscar. Michael, the buck stops here, and I'm sure, there was lots of conjecture about me personally. I think I've met with the board and the board has met independently and we've had fulsome conversations that I'll be involved in some of that work that we're doing, going forward as well as they always have been. I have issued the letter of support, but to your specific question, again, it was a system failure across various areas. So no, there was never a consideration for firing an employee or anyone around it.
Oscar Munoz: And Ted, it's Oscar. I would add that there certainly has been some sentiment and I did visit with the Chinese Consulate here locally to discuss that with them. And I will be heading out there in a couple weeks to have further conversations with customers and related governmental officials.
Oscar Munoz: No, it's been a trip that was planned for some time. There was a lot of other activities going on. It's just a normal travel that I'll do as we run a fairly global airline and we have lots of occasions and employees out there as well as customers.
Oscar Munoz: And John, I would just add that I've sent out a personal note to a person who is legit, intimate things you can sent to hundreds of thousands of people but to our -- at least at this point, to our most loyal customers and the response rate has been pretty high and positive. Obviously, a lot of people have ideas and thoughts about how we can make things better. But in that particular segment of our highest end customers, there's been a lot of support.
Oscar Munoz: Thanks. Listen, customers have always been first, but I think the evolution of our company, we needed to regain the trust of our employees first before they can do that. And if you think about -- your question about what's in my head and why it was important to support our employees as well as keep customer focus is that customer service at the end of the day, is not about a policy or a procedure or a tool, it's about values, human values, and that we cannot lose because if I lost that with that many thousands -- tens of thousands of employees, we'd be in a very much more difficult situation. So as far as I look at it, it's about values, not protocol.
Andrew Levy: Thanks Scott. Before I turn to the numbers, I want to make it clear I share the sentiments expressed by Oscar and Scott about what occurred last week. Our entire team is working together to identify ways we can become a more customer-focused airline and are confident we will succeed in this goal. Yesterday afternoon, we released our first quarter 2017 earnings as well as our second quarter investor update. I will discuss both our results and outlook at a high level, but please refer to those documents for additional detail. Slide 10 is a summary of our GAAP financials and slide 11 shows our non-GAAP results. In the first quarter, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.41. We generated pretax income of $196 million, which represented a 2.3% pretax margin excluding special items. First quarter 2017 results were lower year-over-year mostly due to higher fuel expense and labor rate increases. Turning to slide 12, our first quarter non-fuel unit costs, excluding special items, profit-sharing and third-party expenses, increased 5% as compared with the first quarter 2016. 4.2 percentage points of this increase was due to new labor rates from the 2016 agreements. For the second quarter, we expect non-fuel unit costs, excluding special items, profit-sharing and third-party expenses, to increase between 4% and 5%, with approximately four percentage points of this increase due to the higher labor rates. Last month, we reduced our guidance for full year 2017 non-fuel unit costs to an increase of between 2.5% and 3.5%. We are affirming this guidance today despite elevated unit cost growth in the first quarter and our forecasted increase in the second quarter of 4.5% at the midpoint of the guided range. We expect the increase in nonfuel unit costs to slow appreciably during the last two quarters of the year. Turning to slide 13, we ended the first quarter with $6.4 billion of unrestricted liquidity, including our recently increased $2 billion revolver, which is comfortably in excess of our stated minimum liquidity target range. As of the end of the first quarter, our gross debt balance, including capitalized operating leases was $17.6 billion. During the quarter, we completed several financing transactions that improved our liquidity by $1.35 billion. This included raising $300 million of unsecured debt at a rate of 5%, increasing our term loan by $440 million to $1.5 billion with more favorable terms and rate, and also upsizing our revolver by $650 million to the $2 billion number I gave you a minute ago. In the quarter, we spent $313 million repurchasing shares at an average price of about $68 a share. We remain committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders and will continue to be opportunistic to take advantage of pullbacks in the stock. We currently have approximately $1.5 billion remaining of repurchase authority. Our 2017 guidance for CapEx remains between $4.2 billion and $4.4 billion. This is higher than 2016 due primarily to the delivery of 15 wide-body aircraft. Also during the quarter, we purchased 12 737NGs off lease. These are not incremental aircraft to the fleet, but rather aircraft we've operated since new. We expect to enter into many similar transactions when we can cost-effectively purchase leased aircraft that we expect to operate for many years instead of acquiring new aircraft to replace equipment at the end of the lease term. Additionally, we expect to grow the fleet by adding used aircraft. Growing with used aircraft is much less capital-intensive, provides us with greater balance sheet flexibility and therefore, de-risks our business at the margin. Lastly, regarding our fleet, we continue our comprehensive review of the fleet and order book. We continue our work and we will update you when we have new information to share. On slide 14, we show summary of our guidance, including second quarter projected fuel price range, which is using the April 12 curve. The ranges for capacity, revenue and costs imply a second quarter pretax margin between 10% and 12%. In conclusion, we're off to a solid start in 2017 and remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet and finding incremental cost-savings opportunities. With that, I'd like to thank you all for joining the call today, and I'll now turn it back to Julie to open it up for Q&A.
Andrew Levy: The wide-body market is severely depressed across the board. There's tremendous opportunities in the used market. There's a lot of really good high-quality aircraft available at very, very attractive low rates. So you're right that the reconfiguration costs are certainly more significant, and it's, perhaps, a little bit tougher to make the economics work in a normal situation. Certainly, with the -- today, I think we're in a different period in the market, and so we are actively looking at wide-bodies and narrow-bodies and we'll see. I think obviously, the weakness in demand for that sector has been well documented. It's nothing new. And I know the OEMs are feeling it as well. So, we'll see if we can take advantage of the dislocations that we believe is there and will continue to be there for quite some time.
Andrew Levy: Our cash target remains between $5 billion and $6 billion. That's a range we're comfortable with. And as you can tell, we're well above that at the current time. So, no, we don't expect to change that target range at all.
Andrew Levy: Well, there's a lot of items in there, as you noted, Jamie. What we're seeing that's driving the growth in this particular quarter is IT, contracted labor, legal, timing of legal [Indiscernible], which is part of the increase year-over-year; maintenance services, which should be a variety of things, including software support. And also, food is in that line item, and that's also elevated significantly year-over-year, partly driven by the Polaris service launch that occurred at fourth quarter -- late fourth quarter of last year.
Andrew Levy: Hey, Joe, let me go back to the first answer by the way. I think Scott hit the nail right on the head. We don't disclose the same way. If we did, the difference in valuation would be much -- or the difference in the numbers that you cited would be much smaller. And so as we mentioned, we're going to work to find a way to disclose this really valuable business in a way that people can understand better because it is unique and very attractive. I think the question you asked about driving incremental revenue, I don't think that's limited to simply MileagePlus members. We communicate with a lot of customers, we carry a lot of customers, we have a lot of this on the website. And we've talked a lot about different ways we can monetize or do a better job of monetizing the eyeballs that reach our website and the members of our mileage program and how to enhance our mileage program. So, I think that, that hasn't been the first priority. We're focused on the things we talked about at Investor Day, which were kind of foundational. But it is the focus of ours, and we've had a number of discussions and at some point, we will really put a lot more time and effort into backsliding the opportunity there, which we do agree with you it exist and is quite substantial but really hard to quantify it.
Scott Kirby: We had a lot of communication with our corporate accounts, and we've had appropriate questions and concerns, particularly with regard to our corporate accounts, with whom we have a good relationship and we've already communicated with. We feel pretty good about the communications that we've had so far and in our ability to reassure them and explain things like overbooking. Some of the steps that we will do with the broader public on our April 30 launch but some of that with our corporate accounts, we've been able to accelerate some of that -- some of their specific concerns. And our sales team has done a wonderful job of being out, talking to them if there has been a concern from corporate accounts, which has been totally appropriate. We feel like we've managed that pretty well. And our corporate accounts are largely supportive. They want us to fix this. They want us to do the right thing. But they believe in us and believe that we will get this fixed. And at the end of the day, we will be stronger, and we will have better customer service when we get through this. 
Scott Kirby: Well, we saw improvement -- we saw PRASM up, actually, the most in Houston. To some degree, that's -- we have less capacity in Houston. We're looking forward to actually re-banking Houston starting later this year, which will allow us the platform to grow Houston and actually improve PRASM even more. The energy sector in Houston, while still down significantly compared to where it was historically, is starting to at least recover from a very low base. Our energy accounts have [rounding up] [ph] 13% during the quarter. We also saw strength in Dulles and Chicago, and the rest of the hubs, while down a little bit, were all down pretty marginally. So really, I would say for the most part, across the board, we're starting to see an improved revenue environment, and we really feel good about the revenue environment, really, across the board.
Scott Kirby: Well, international JV and partnerships are incredibly important to our customers. They are a way to give a seamless experience to our customers, to get them around the world. This is one of those rare events that if they win, win, win; it's a win for United Airlines. It could be a win for our partners, and it's absolutely a win for our customers. I think we -- and Star Alliance, we all believe that we have an opportunity to do better. We can be more seamlessly integrated with one another and that includes on the commercial front, but to a large degree, that includes the customer experience, where we can make the experience more seamless. And we have a new CEO at Star Alliance, and that is his number one mission. I'll actually be going to the Star Alliance meeting on Mother's Day, which my wife doesn't appreciate, but it's in Germany. And the focus of the meeting is to talk about how we can create a more seamless experience for our customers and really have the focus to be on customers. And we think there's a big opportunity there, and that's something that we'll be working on over the coming years. But our partnerships are really important, and we're looking forward to expanding partnerships, particularly in Latin America with Avianca and Copa, and we think there's a real opportunity. But we have strong partnerships across the Atlantic and Pacific. Adding Avianca, Copa and Azul to those relationships is going to give us the ability to give the American and LatAm a run for their money in Latin America.
Scott Kirby: Well, we have opportunity for improvement everywhere, but it's the least developed region for us. So yes, it's the area with the most opportunity for improvement.
Scott Kirby: Excluding Florida. I mean, Newark was down 1%, and so I don't know. And actually, what's happened in Newark is there was a flood of low-cost carrier capacity, and for a long time, United Airlines did not match the prices. We started matching the prices and I think our revenues, while down in those markets, is down less than it was before. So, we feel really good about that strategy. At least our incremental change in strategy and competing more aggressively with the low-cost carriers in Newark, I think, is revenue positive. To be clear, with all the capacity in Florida, PRASM is certainly down, but it was down even more before we decided to start competing aggressively. 
Scott Kirby: Well, Hunter, you've followed me long enough to know that I'm an optimist by nature, so take what I'm going to say with a grain of salt. But yes, I think we had a great turn in revenue in the fourth quarter. If you can just look at that graph, I think it was slide, what, six or seven for us and you can see going from RASM that is down 7.4%, down 6.6%, down 5.8%, all of a sudden to down 1.6%. That's a big step function change and there really wasn't a big change in industry capacity at that point, not a flat, not up to -- something changed in the fourth quarter. And my hypothesis is that what changed in the fourth quarter was United's revenue management philosophy, which leads to a pricing philosophy change and that has changed and we expect things to continue to grow. What's not even in these numbers which will bear in the second half of the year is Basic Economy, which we think is going to be really big, predictably by the time we get it at steady state. But I think there was inflection point in the fourth quarter and I feel pretty good that that has happened.
Scott Kirby: Well, I think that there's opportunity on both. At United, and I said this at my previous airline, roughly half of our revenue is coming from infrequent customers and half is coming from premium customers, customers that fly as often. And it's a little over simplistic to say that, that half of revenue coming from infrequent customers just cares about price because a lot them care about more than that. It's also -- the flip side is true that some of our frequent customers are really shopping on price as well. But at a high level, you can think of it simplistically as half and half and we need to fuel both. And that's the wonderful thing about Basic Economy. It is giving our customers choice. So, for those customers who do care about price -- and by the way, at launch this morning, we had a couple of flights go out and smooth and we're encouraged with the initial launch from Minneapolis today. But for our customers who want a lower price, it's fantastic that we can give them that. And for customers who want a higher level of service and who are willing to pay for a higher level of service and a better product, we can give them that as well. This is all about giving our customers' choice, and I think it will happen on both ends. It will make our product more attractive to customers. We are focused on getting the absolute lowest rock-bottom price, and it will also attract customers who would like to have a better level of service and a better product and are willing to pay for that.
Scott Kirby: So conceptually, if there were no constraints, meaning particularly no pilot constraints, we would probably be growing the regional fleet and adding more of those regional markets. To be clear, we wouldn't be flying them in places like Dulles to Chicago or Newark to Atlanta. We will be flying them in places like Rochester, Minnesota, where they're more appropriate. So our regional fleet is less about -- our regional lift is going to be less about our optimal network strategy and much more about our regional partners' ability to source aircraft and pilots, in particular. We -- as a general rule, most of those deals are trading down over time, and we are losing aircraft. That's one of the great things about the Air Wisconsin deal is we were able to go get aircraft that are going to come in at a price that's kind of right in the middle of our prices on other deals, so it's attractive economics and to a large degree, will offset some of the shrinking that we expect to occur at our other regional partners. And we're hoping that our other regional partners can actually keep flying some of those aircraft longer. In fact, SkyWest, [Indiscernible], our numbers have gone up for aircraft at the end of the year because it turns out they're going to be able to fly some of those aircraft a little longer than we thought. But at the end of the day, it's going to be driven -- our regional count -- aircraft count is going to be driven much more by the pilot availability than it is by our optimal fleet plan.
Scott Kirby: Look, it does cost more to run a banked operation than otherwise. I think it's pretty small. It was a rounding error at American. It worked really well. It will work really well here. I would point at American to Dulles, which had all the craziness going on with the Wright Amendment and the growth of Spirit, all that just huge headwinds, and yet Dulles was outperforming consistently on PRASM quarter after quarter because of the higher levels of connectivity. So, I'm not sure what the CASM number will be, but I'm highly confident that the increase in revenue will more than offset the PRASM hit.
Scott Kirby: Well, look, I don't think of it as market share driving pricing power. I think of it more as 2 things: one, driving higher levels of connectivity. When we don't have these higher levels, we have lower levels of connectivity that's high yield [Technical Difficulty] that's completely missing from the network and just giving to your competitors. And second, places like -- let's just take Newark because I talk about it a lot. We have a Newark-based global services or 1K customer, and we started flying the regional jet to Atlanta and regional jets to Dulles and regional jets to Detroit. We pushed that global services customer, who is a high-yield customer, who booked at the last minute to fly on Delta and American in those markets. And beyond that, that customer used to just be a Newark-based customer that was on American -- or United Airlines' frequent flyer program and flew exclusively on United. But now, all of a sudden, anywhere they flew, they decided to go shop because we forced them to carry free frequent flyer cards in their wallet, and because of that, they're no longer global services because they didn't fly on United all the time. We lost those customers. So it's not about pricing power. It's about winning back the loyalty and giving a better product to our best customers so that they choose and want to fly United Airlines. And so -- go ahead.
Scott Kirby: I was just going to say restoring is not about gaining pricing power or anything like that. It's about creating the best product for our customers in those markets so that they'd want to choose to fly United exclusively.
Scott Kirby: I do think that we have different disclosure policies, and this is something we are going to work on. Andrew Levy is nodding his head at me. It's a big initiative for Andrew to figure out how we disclose this better. It's something that we are going to do -- or at least intent to. I think your simplistic analysis -- it would be hard for you to know because we put it in other lines, but isn't right. One thing it is right is that at the moment, Americas' growth rate is much higher. Delta's growth rate also is much higher from today's date. That's the bad news. The good news is, I believe that our partner -- partners at JPMorgan Chase understand that and understand how important it is to get us on the same growth trajectory. We've kind of had a reset of the relationship here in the past few months, and they've committed to getting us to have the same kind of growth rates. And look, we are actually to be growing faster. We're growing faster as an airline. We're growing our capacity faster and so we frankly, ought to be growing faster than those guys. That's not at all on JPMorgan Chase, a lot of that is at United, things like we weren't allowing them to offer the credit card to customers onboard. That's the best acquisition channel that American Airlines had. It was -- I've been told best acquisition channel with Delta and United wasn't doing. So, there are things that we can do to get our growth rates up. We're going need to do it in combination with Chase, but we look forward to getting that accelerated in the months and years to come.
Scott Kirby: There's nothing about that in the Investor -- assuming we're successful in that regard it would be upside.
Scott Kirby: Well, look, we used the term -- I try to avoid actually market share and try to say natural share more often than market share because this is not a play to go get market share. This is really about restoring United to its natural share. And United get a lot -- took a lot of accidents in the past three to four years, which caused it to lose its natural share and which hurt its financials. And you guys used to get on this earnings call and beat them up about why aren't your financials good. And you gave them a cure for that, which was cut capacity, cut capacity, cut capacity and it just made the problem worse. And despite taking the same medicine quarter-after-quarter as the numbers got worse and worse and worse that was part of the problem when the airline was cutting capacity and taking regional jets out of places that set the network like Rochester, Minnesota and redeploying them in places like Newark to Atlanta, in order to keep capacity low. That was driving margins lower. And so I'm trying to be careful to say what we're doing is restoring United to its natural market share, to a position it was in the past, and it's working so far. I mean, it's actually working faster even than I would have thought, the fact that our guidance with this cutting capacity is for RASM up 1% to 3%. And by the way, we've got number of issues that are driving about -- our flown PRASM is actually higher than that. We've got some accounting issues that are going to be 50 to 70 basis points headwind in this quarter. Those are just the things that happened, but our core performance is even stronger. I mean, we just -- early on, we feel really good about how well this is working. It's logical. This is not trying to go invade someone's hub. This is about restoring United to where it should've been and we had some unforced errors. And we were double faulting and giving points to the competitors, and we've stopped double faulting and that, I think, is just going to be getting us back to our natural market share. I don't think it's disruptive. I wouldn't describe the reason that we're doing as disruptive. We're just returning to where United's natural market shares. We're going to be very careful to calibrate how it's working and how we're doing. We're only a few months into this, but I tell you, we're off to a really good start. We won't be perfect, we'll stumble. I mean we had a stumble last week in operations. We'll have stumbles on the commercial side, but we feel really good about the trajectory that we're on.
Scott Kirby: Yes, I think that's probably correct. I'm not sure I'd say exactly that. This is not an attempt to go build an empire and go win the market share. It is an attempt to restore United to its natural position. And once there, I would anticipate we will be growing in line with GDP. 
Scott Kirby: Yes, certainly in the back half of the year, if we wanted to, we could push utilization higher. The utilization is lower in the first and fourth quarters because demand is lower. And so we could push it higher, but -- and not -- to guarantee that we won't change it at all, but it's a much bigger hurdle. It's operationally easy to push it higher, it's financially harder to justify pushing it higher in off peak periods.
Scott Kirby: So, at least for the Star Alliance and so forth, United and flying to the Star Alliance countries, we have not restructured pricing in those markets. And the Sky Team and Oneworld Alliance, pricing has been restructured and lowered. We keep track of the lowest published fares by AP across our whole system, and those aren't always selling fares because yield management bucket sell out at different airlines. But the Sky Team and Oneworld markets fares -- advance purchase fares are down, call it 20% to 30%. They're down about 10% in the Star Alliance markets because there are growth of low-cost carriers and other things that drive those down, but our pricing is much better in those markets than in the other markets. Now, of course, we carry a lot of revenue to those countries, we carry a lot of revenues in the U.K. and to Paris, so we're impacted by that. But we are less impacted by that. Also, at least, in this portion of the year, we're disproportionately selling U.S. point of sale and U.S. point of sale is really strong. I will caution you that as we move to the back half of the summer, the normal demand pattern shifts to European point-of-sale. And so I would expect RASM to be still be high-capacity. RASM to be under more pressure in the back half because once people starts going back to school here in the U.S., the second half of that peak summer season is really much more about Europeans coming to the U.S. and so I'd anticipate in the third quarter a little more weakness just given the European point-of-sale was weak -- was strong.
Scott Kirby: I think we don't know yet, that's for TBD. And I don't think we can --- even if we could do a complete analysis and it just depends on what -- on how the markets evolving and how the new flying and new routes are going to be doing. It's really bottoms up analysis, We're not trying to do a top down and say, here's where we're going to be X years from now, we're doing bottoms up one by one, we're watching the performance of those routes as we up-guage them, or as we add new routes. And it's going to be a judgment that's based on how those things are doing when we get to the point where we're adding flying, and it's not margin accretive, then we'll know probably reach that point. But that's probably going to be the metric where we've decided we've reached that point.
Scott Kirby: Look, it's -- we're trying to do it what's right for United Airlines. And because what I think we're doing is really about -- we're not trying to invade someone's market, or do -- we're not trying to create a competitive battle, we are trying to compete that I wouldn't have expected and haven't seen much response. I mean, look, take a market like Newark to Atlanta where 5 years ago, we flew 8 mainline flights or call it 150 seats per flight, and so we had 1,200 seats a day in that market. Delta flew 12 mainlines so you can call it 12x150, so they had 1,800 seats. We were 40% of the market; they were 60% of the market. We shot that down to 6 50-seat regional jets, so were down to 300. And so we were -- and Delta stayed at 1,800 that whole time. And so we were one seventh of the market from 40%. We've now quadrupled our capacity and gone back to 1,200 seats today. And we're back -- right back to where we were before. We're at 40% of the market. I think that's probably the natural share between Newark to Atlanta. Atlanta is a bigger hub with more connectivity and that 40-60 ratio is probably about right. Is it possible that Delta is going to decide to quadruple capacity and go for flying -- in every bank, they're already flying every bank, 12 flights today, are they going to try to fly 48 flights today? I doubt it. That hasn't happened. It wouldn't be rational. So I guess I'd say because of the kind of capacity that we're adding or we're re-upgauging, some of those hub-to-hub markets, and we're adding competitive capacity or adding capacity in places like Chicago to Rochester, Minnesota, we didn't anticipate a respond and we certainly don't think we've seen one. And that's about all we said now.
Scott Kirby: Well, Asia has been the region under the most pressure because the capacity -- incredibly high growth in capacity. As we get to the second half of this year, we're through the bilateral, particularly to Beijing and Shanghai so capacity growth will moderate in those cities. There are still awful lot of capacity coming from secondary cities. So United is one of the first -- well, the only U.S. airlines -- one of the first airlines to the party and flying to those secondary cities. But it's -- that's going to continue to be a challenge, particularly with the kind of subsidies that people are getting to open up new routes out of China from secondary cities. But the core of China, which is really about Beijing and Shanghai looks like capacity will moderate in the back half of the year. So, we're hopeful that the Pacific PRASM will start to improve in the back half.
Scott Kirby: Look, we're measuring today and our principal metrics are going to be absolute and relative margin. That doesn't mean quarter-to-quarter because there's going to be fuel price spikes and there's going to be fuel price decline and there's going to be timing of labor deals at our airline or other airlines. But we look at our relative and absolute margins, and we look at it over kind of a trailing 12-month period, and it adjust for things like fuel hedge losses. And those numbers look like we're doing a good job today, and we feel pretty confident. We believe that, that's going to work going forward. I mean, you look at least relative to Delta. In the first quarter, we had higher RASM, better CASM performance, so a lot of other moving pieces in that hedge losses and things that make the numbers a little hard to look at. But that would imply that we're closing the margin gap. Expect we will do so; continue to do so as we move through the rest of the year. And we just -- we feel really good about the path that we're on. We think we are moving towards sustainably closing both the absolute improvement in margins and relative to RASM gap, but that's what we're going to look at and we're not waiting for you to look at that, we're looking at that every day.
Scott Kirby: Well, Ted, I hate that metric because if we calculate the numbers here at United, yes, we have a revenue premium and yes, it's higher even than Delta. American also, by the way, when I got there said they had a revenue premium. Because everyone makes all these adjustments to the numbers on stage length and density and a whole bunch of other stuff and so with all the caveats everyone calculates that they have a revenue premium. I think margin is what matters. You can make your revenue premium go up by taking a row of seats off airplanes, for example, and that makes your RASM get higher. You could fly only first class seats on airplanes, and that will make your RASM higher and we give you a revenue premium and have a real cost problem. And so I think looking at margin, we are focused on margin, in closing the margin gap and improving our absolute and relative margin. 
Scott Kirby: We've only had a few days and it's a small numbers problem. There's a lot of volatility in bookings for point-of-sale China, so it's really too early for us to say anything about it.
