Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Silas. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United’s third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday’s release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Company’s current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Unless otherwise noted, we will be discussing our financial metrics on a non-GAAP basis on this call. Please refer to the related definitions and reconciliations in our press release. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are our Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Leskinen. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with the Q&A. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Scott.
Kristina Edwards: Thank you, Mike. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Silas, please describe the procedure to ask questions.
Kristina Edwards: Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Andrew Nocella: I’ll just end with diversified revenue streams provide United with a resiliency other business models will just not ever achieve. RASM-accretive gauge growth focused in our hubs in turn provides United with the unmatched ability to create cost convergence for years to come with our low-cost providers. Thanks again to the best team in the business. And with that, I will hand it off to Mike.
Andrew Nocella: Mike, I’ll give it a try. I do think the production lines for widebody jets don’t produce nearly as many aircraft as the narrow-bodies, as you know. So, there are definitely not as many that are going to be produced. But more to the point, the widebodies we just ordered are for 2028 and beyond. And it’s really our confidence in our plan, but it’s particularly our confidence that we are going to increasingly pivot in the latter part of the decade to global growth and not domestic growth. And so, we secured those positions. We’re confident we’ll use them. We have a significant fleet of 777s and 767s that need to retire at some point later this decade, at least for the 767 for sure. And so with the number of retirements we have, the confidence in our plan and some of the OEM issues that you just brought up, this just made sense. Again, it’s for 2028 and beyond. It’s a long time away. But we are really confident in the plan. We’re confident that global growth, we will have to lean into that, and we will want to lean into that in the latter part of the decade.
Andrew Nocella: It’s a good question. We -- last year, facing the surge in demand, just maybe the simplest way to say it is we sold out too soon and we didn’t have appropriate room for these basic passengers and are gauge was smaller. And this year, as we get closer to implementing all of our United Next plan, we are much more careful not to sell out too soon. So our close-in bookings are actually quite strong. It’s interesting to say that as I read commentary from around the rest of the industry that kind of says the opposite, and I do have to wonder whether one is tied to the other, obviously. But because we say we didn’t sell out too soon because we have plenty of room and because we have just a normal booking curve for all this, we were able to accommodate those passengers in this quarter, unlike we did in the past. And with the new gauge aircraft coming in the future, we’ll be able to continue to do that going forward. So, I think that’s the simplest and easy explanation as to why you saw that change in our Basic Economy passengers. And look, it’s a product we’ve talked about a lot, provides choice for our customers, on the low end. We have lots of products on the high end as well. It gives us the diversity we need. And I think it’s really allowing us to compete very effectively with all of our competitors, but particularly our ultra-low-cost competitors.
Andrew Nocella: I’ll start. I assume others may want to chime in on this. But first, I think there’s a really important distinction in your question that we need to clarify. We’re not trying to be all things to all people within the United States or around the globe. There are parts of our network that don’t cover every single market in the United States. And I think if you were to try and say we are going to cover every single O&D payer in the United States as the world’s largest airline, that would be incredibly challenging, and that is not something we’re trying to do. We are trying in our hubs and all the spokes we serve well from our hubs to make sure we offer a diverse range of products that appeal to all the customers that fly on United Airlines. And some of those customers, by the way, flying United Airlines for business and sometimes the same customers fly on United for leisure, vacation or other needs. And so, they have that optionality to purchase anything from Basic Economy to Polaris as part of that. And if they join MileagePlus, they have obviously a larger chance to get upgraded into our large premium economy sections or into our first class cabins, which are growing. So that diverse set of revenue streams. I know others -- I know it sounds complicated, but it is our secret recipe. It is what the market wants. It’s what our customers want. And we are not trying to be all things to all people. We’re trying to make sure for the customers that fly United that they have a range of product choices for the particular trip they’re going to take on that journey.
Andrew Nocella: Well, I’d say right now, particularly today, for example, we continue to see strength across Atlantic. We particularly see it to Southern Europe, I can tell the industry does by all of our changes, and that’s great to see. So we think that the trends are going to continue. That being said, I did say earlier in my comments that we are going to give the Atlantic a rest. We’ve run a lot since 2019 for sure. And this year, it will be a year of basically no capacity growth across the Atlantic. I said I wasn’t going to give capacity guidance, but clearly, that’s a big hint for a big part of the airline. So, sorry, Mike. And the other thing I’ve said is like the last part of the world to recover is Asia. And Asia is still, however you want to look at it, very strong, we’re growing a lot of capacity on the front. And we’re going to focus our efforts where we see that growth, where we see the profitability opportunity. And if you look at our schedules going into next year, you can see that a gigantic percent change in our capacity is, in fact, Asia. So, we put the capacity where we think we need to put it. We’re really bullish on international. We come a long way. It’s very profitable. And there’s a lot more to come. And as I said, in the latter part of this decade, I think we’ll lean into it even further. We have the right hubs, right gateways where we have the leading business demand, the leading leisure demand and the leading cargo demand. And that recipe is just unique to United, and we’re going to take full advantage of it.
Andrew Nocella: Well, we’ll probably save that for a more smaller conversation, to be honest. What I would say is the comps last year, we just couldn’t execute the way we wanted to execute. And so, it’s off a small base, it creates a big percentage, but it is a meaningful change. And as I said earlier, we’re going to lean into it. We have these big aircraft coming, and we’re going to be more competitive in the future, not less.
Andrew Nocella: We’re still putting our plan together. So I don’t want to say it’s final. But -- and I did say in my prepared remarks that we would have -- I forget the exact words, but low type of really slow growth domestically. Look, our commercial efforts are just focused on overseas at this point. And across the Pacific, in particular, into the South Pacific and so we’re executing -- we’re going to execute really well on that capacity, in my opinion, and that’s where our focus. As Mike said, there are a few constraints. We have OEM issues and all that kind of leads to that outcome. And we think it’s the right outcome for our capacity for next year. And we’ll have a lot more to say in early 2024.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. Look, I’ll give a little bit of commentary. Our status matches up dramatically. Yes. Is dramatically a big number? No. So, that’s all I’ll say on that front. And in terms of the signature interiors, we are definitely facing some constraints, but I’ll pass that over to Toby, who runs that program for us.
Andrew Nocella: Leslie, I would say, it’s likely a lot more share shift that in the previous quarters and years we didn’t have the large gauge aircraft to accommodate all the different range of passenger types and product types adequately. And we are now just beginning, but we have a lot more flexibility, and we’re able to accommodate those passengers and it happened. And I think I would describe it as probably a fair amount of share shift.
Scott Kirby: Well, I guess, I’ll try now. It’s hard to follow, Andrew. That was a great answer and very comprehensive. And probably why we feel that -- what Andrew said is why we feel so different that I recognize everyone on this call feels or that the market feels. We feel really confident about where we’re headed, what this means for margins out in 2026, by the time we’re there. We just feel really confident. But without answering the question about sort of overall industry capacity, I kind of at a high level, think of this, Jamie, to me, one of the most remarkable statistics this quarter is that 90% of the industry revenue growth is going to be at two airlines and 90% of the pretax profitability. We just have better model. And what we’ve tried to do is we went through -- the goal was to create an airline that had better product service experience for customers across the board. We can’t just be a leisure airline. We can’t just be a low fare airline. We can’t just be a premium airline. We need to deliver for all customers. We try to create products that are better on the high end, but all the way down to the low end. I believe strongly that air travel is not a commodity. Some of the industry thinks it’s a commodity. And that’s how you get the low-cost wins, if you believe it’s a commodity. I do not think that. And I think we are proving -- our results of two airlines are proving that air travel is not a commodity. So without commenting on what the total industry growth is, what is happening is to have that differentiated product service experience, getting almost all of the revenue growth and customers are voting with their wallets that those models are working.
Scott Kirby: I’m happy to answer that. Look, it would be really, really bad policy for consumers in this country. It’s a bill that would -- 84% of U.S. consumers have some kind of rewards card in their wallet, I bet almost everyone on this call has one. And they like them, and they like them a lot. Our customers certainly like them a lot. And so I think it’d be hard in Congress to take a vote that 84% of your voters are going to be upset with the outcome of that vote. And by the way, this will kill rewards program, it would not exist anymore, will kill debit card rewards programs when it happens. And I think it’s a bad policy. And I also think it kind of misses the mark because in the credit card is just a couple of things. And this is the mark with small businesses. I understand the frustration with small businesses. But small businesses are actually -- there’s middleman in between credit card companies, the banks and the small businesses. And I think that’s probably where the bulk of the issues are. Some of those middlemen charge square charges as little as 35 basis points, and some of those middlemen are charging businesses 300 or 400 basis points. And so, I think, it probably misses the mark. And then the final point would be, it’s remarkable how good the cybersecurity is at the credit card process. They’ve invested heavily in it. It’s not easy to replicate. And think about how many billions of transactions are happening every day and how rare breaches or problems are. And so, I think, this is one of those that I’ve spent now a fair amount of time in D.C. talking to people. They didn’t know much about it before because as it’s come up. But as you talk to people about it, they more and more say, well, those are a bunch of good points. We need to go through regular order, we need to examine this. And so I think as long as we do that, as long as we examine it through regular order, which is the right way to pass consequential legislation, the facts will win today and nothing is going to happen.
Scott Kirby: And I would say it as -- it is more complicated. You’re right. It’s simpler if you’re going to only try to appeal to one niche. But the niches are small. The number of markets that exist that you can only be a low-fare, low-cost commoditized player is -- the number one market that exists, but you can only be a premium airline is even smaller. And so, they’re just tiny niches, and we’re a big airline.
Scott Kirby: Well, I’m not going to predict what the exact changes are going to be, but here’s what I’d say. There’s been a structural change in the industry. And the structural changes I’ve hinted at this earlier in today’s call. I don’t think air travel is a commodity. Some in the industry think it is, I do not. I think product service experience matter. Everything we’ve been doing in the last three years has been focused on improving that for our customers. That’s true across the board, from the premium, but all the way down to the Basic Economy customers, and particularly as it pertains to low-cost carriers. I think there’s three things that we have done that have completely changed the competitive dynamics there. First, as we’re growing with higher gauge, we now have low marginal CASMs on those big airplanes. We used to try to compete with them with regional jets, we couldn’t compete. We had a high-cost product and we ran out of seat. We now have seats to sell on low marginal CASM on big growing airplane. Second is Basic Economy. And that is a product that is where we can be price competitive but offer a far superior product still than you can get on a low-cost carrier and still be price competitive. And the third is the pivot into leisure markets. We’ve added more capacity and it’s done really well when we’ve added capacity into leisure market. And you put those three things together. And what we’ve tried to do is create a product that customers will choose. And so, what we try to do is create a cost-competitive product for customers but that is better, and so they will choose to fly United. And that is exactly what we’ve done. That’s why I see us have -- two airlines have 98% of the revenue growth. And that makes it hard if you’re someone else. I’m not going to predict what is going to -- what they have to do. But if I was at one of those airlines, I’d be really worried about not having a competitive product with United Airlines. That’s the issue.
Scott Kirby: Look, I think it took us a while to work it out. It also helped that some of our competitors with the other direction. I mean charging people $99 at the gate and pay your employees a commission to take their purses away cross the line. And so while they’ve gone in one direction, we’ve gone the other with an improved product. But the other thing that’s really changed during the last year is we finally started to get the gauge right. We couldn’t make this work when we were flying 650 regional jets around the country. And like -- that’s why I like this is all coming together. I love when a plan comes together. This is coming together. And I know it’s not reflected in our stock price yet. And the market is skeptical of it. But this is a plan that is working exactly like we thought it would. And that is the big change for Basic Economy. It’s a better product for us. We’ve figured out how to make it work, but we now have the gauge to be able to sell the product.
Scott Kirby: Helane, we think about it through a different prism. We want to provide a good experience to our customers. And New York and New Jersey have not been a good experience for a decade. And the core reason they have is there are more flight schedule than the airports could handle. We are -- we think it is a win for everyone, particularly starting with customers to have the number -- a realistic number of flights that the airport capacity and our traffic control handle in those airports, and we’re very grateful to the FAA for doing that or listening and follow through on that. And we’re anxious to serve as many customers as we can, and so we are upgauging. So we’re flying more seats. We fewer number of flights but more seats as we’re upgauging. And so, we’re focused on delivering for our customers, and that means flying bigger airplanes. Good news is bigger planes also have lower cost per seat. And when the operation runs better, it’s even lower cost per seat, which customers ultimately benefit from, and that’s what we’re doing.
Scott Kirby: I don’t know that I’d kind of get into that level of detail you have in your spreadsheet. What I think is we’re going to have a much better experience for customers. I think, we will have lower costs because we’ll have fewer irregular operations, and we’ll have bigger airplanes. And I think that will probably keep prices certainly in line to growing with inflation, be better for our customers, and we’ll be more profitable because we don’t have all the expenses associated with disruption and we don’t have a lot the frustration that comes from that -- from customers. I think this is one of those few situations where it’s a win-win-win for everyone.
Scott Kirby: Well, I’d just add that this is another one of the things that United got right. We believe back in 2020 that there was going to be a full recovery in demand and thought that the pandemic as tough as it was represented a once in history opportunity to get prepared and invest for the future. So two of the things we did was get ahead of the curve and we built more club space. So we now have 49% more club space than we did before the pandemic. And we just opened our -- two largest clubs in our entire system that are great for customers. Feedback is awesome, one in Denver, one in Newark. So we plan ahead for that. And while the signature interiors are behind, we today have close to double the number of premium seats that we had pre-pandemic. So this is a team that started back in the summer of 2020 to prepare for the recovery in premium demand. And that’s the reason Andrew said in his remarks, we don’t need to change our programs and do anything because we’re prepared for this.
Scott Kirby: I don’t think it suggests that. But I think what we are proving is that customers care about quality product and service. And I think because of that, the airlines that succeed are going to invest in quality product and service. And if you don’t do that, you’re going to fail.
Mike Leskinen: Hey Mike, this is Mike. I’ll pile on. With the delays in the supply chain, they’ve become persistent. And so, part of what we’re doing is controlling Skyline for a longer period of time than we have historically. This industry has been an industry that has in the past gone from putting out fire to fire. And United Next strategy is putting us on a firmer footing to plan for the longer term. So a, I want to highlight that the contractual delivery dates, they’ve been pushing to the right. And we’ll probably continue to see that. And you see us -- as you see us playing internally, we’ll have some expectation of continued slipping. But make no mistake, we will make adjustments to the order book and the delivery times in a way that maximize the returns to our shareholders. And we will focus on return on invested capital in addition to our pretax margin as we take delivery of those aircraft.
Mike Leskinen: Conor, this is Mike. Let me take a shot at that. And I will acknowledge the 4Q CASM headwind we faced versus our expectations earlier in the year. Let me try to size that. We expect to fly in the fourth quarter about 3 points lower than we thought just three months ago. Now 2 points of that is due to captain upgrade issue that Scott talked about on our last earnings call. The Captain Upgrade issue has impacted the entire industry. We have navigated that really well at United but it did hit us here at the end of the year. Our new contract with ALPA does fix that. And so the -- on the horizon, we have a full expectation that that constraint goes away. But for the fourth quarter, that caused 2 of the 3 points. The other point was due to the violence in Tel Aviv and the loss of that flying. That is something that we can reposition over time, and we would expect to be able to serve Tel Aviv when the violence ceases. And so, those three full points coming out relatively rapidly, you can’t take the cost out. That was the majority of the CASM -- of the increase in the CASM for the fourth quarter. Industry is facing other issues, but that’s what happened here at United. And we expect to mitigate that in 2024 and beyond. The other issue, which I’m not sure how persistent is yet is that maintenance cost. Maintenance costs throughout the years have been higher than we expected. And for United, it’s been -- a big piece has been the increased need for spare parts. That’s on aircraft, but particularly when we repair engines as the work scope has been larger than expected. Some of that is related to supply chain, and it’s difficult to see when that ends. I will add -- and so those were the two components, majority capacity and then some additional headwinds for maintenance in the fourth quarter. We’re not giving 2024 guidance at this time. The industry is facing cost pressures, inflationary cost pressures, labor cost pressures, maintenance cost pressures. What I will commit to today is that United will be industry-leading in how we manage our costs. Cost convergence is a structural trend. It is what is causing the lower-cost carriers and they’re not lower cost for long, low cost carriers to struggle and it is a foundation to United Next. So I don’t know where all that’s going to settle. We will give you guidance as we would normally on the January conference call, but I will commit to industry-leading CASM going forward.
Mike Leskinen: Conor, you’re thinking about it the right way. But we are -- given all the constraints, we are working to -- in the incremental flights from United being quite profitable, given the great results from our commercial team. We’re going to fly as much as we can to maximize profitability, but we do face some of those constraints. The key around the pressure of growing is you do need to hire folks on board before you actually add the ASM. And so that’s a headwind United faces as long as we’re executing on the United Next strategy. We’re going to work to optimize that. But, that doesn’t go fully away until you would return to a slower growth rate.
Mike Leskinen: That is what we can do is we can manage our expected deliveries versus the contractual deliveries and size the business appropriately, the more that we hire workforce for aircraft that don’t come, they aren’t delivered when we need them, the bigger that headwind is for us. And so, one of the first things I need to do in my new role is to properly size that buffer between expected and contracted delivery. So that’s point one. Point two, we have older aircraft, and we will push some of those older aircraft to fly longer with expected delays in delivery. I happen to love that option because that is also a return on invested capital enhancing. And so, in the long run, we want to simplify the fleet and those MAX 10s are going to be structurally lower cost. We’re excited about them. The A321s are fantastic aircraft. Both of those aircraft are fantastic for a network like United, where gauge -- we get a real advantage out of gauge. I expect those deliveries to really start to drive lower CASM in 2025, not 2024. And so, we should understand the timing of that. But we’ve got numerous levers to manage the delays from the supply chain, and we can do a better job optimizing based on delays that are becoming a little bit more predictable.
Mike Leskinen: I’ll just pile on. We fly 200 million passengers annually. And those passengers fly for different reasons, and they -- and the passengers will shift from leisure to business passengers throughout their life. And so it is important that we serve all of them and we serve all of them with a product that suits their needs.
Mike Leskinen: I spoke to an earlier question around the -- I spoke to an earlier question around the constraints to industry capacity. And there’s nowhere that that’s more true than for widebody aircraft. In addition to that, as Andrew alluded to, but I’ll just emphasize, we have the best international gateways leaving the United States of any carrier. And so this is where, as Andrew says, we were born on third base, and we’re going to capitalize on that.
Mike Leskinen: The worst thing from a cost perspective is irregular operations. That’s what surprises us. We built lots of buffers into the system to control for that. And with a better air traffic control, with airport that is capacity -- appropriately, we can do a lot more optimization.
Mike Leskinen: And Justin, I’m going to jump in on this as well. What has changed is cost convergence, right? At this point, we’re able to provide incremental seats to our customers at a price point that is competitive with the ULCCs and we provide a better product. And so customers are choosing to fly a better product at a similar price and we are just getting started.
