Jeff Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Jonathan, and thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2015 earnings call. Today we reported pre-tax earnings of $1.3 billion, the highest quarterly earnings in United's history. We earned $3.31 per diluted share and produced an 18.2% return on invested capital over the last 12 months. In the quarter, we generated $1.8 billion of operating cash flow and almost $0.5 billion of free cash flow. We put our cash to good use by investing it in our employees and our business, prepaying debt and making significant contributions to our pension plans, buying back stock and investing in strategic partnerships. Over the past few years, we've made good progress strengthening our balance sheet to derisk the business while also making substantial progress completing our initial $1 billion share repurchase program. Accordingly today we announced a new $3 billion share repurchase program to be completed by the end of 2017. In addition we now expect to complete our initial $1 billion authorization in the third quarter, almost two years ahead of schedule. Our new share repurchase program demonstrates confidence in our ability to generate and sustain meaningful free cash flow. Turning to expense, we continue to demonstrate cost discipline, growing second quarter non-fuel unit costs only 0.3%. This excellent cost performance is due in large part to the continuing success of Project Quality, our $2 billion efficiency and quality initiative. Project Quality highlights the dedication and commitment of United's workforce. Our employees continue to discover and implement new ways to improve everything we do and I want to thank them for their efforts to help make our company stronger and more sustainable over the long term. I'd also like to thank our employees for their commitment and effort managing through a challenging operation in June. Our operational performance was below our expectations in June due to tough weather and a spike in maintenance write ups and we took action to address the maintenance related situation. As a result, we've seen a meaningful improvement in our operations over the past few weeks and Greg will provide further detail in a few minutes. We expect the third quarter to be another good quarter for United financially, and we estimate our pre-tax margin will be between 13.5% and 15.5% driven by continuing cost discipline and lower oil prices. Although our expected margin performance is muted by the current weak revenue environment for our industry we're making network and capacity decisions to address this weakness with a focus on structuring our network to expand both margins and return on invested capital. Over the last several years we have demonstrated our commitment to matching United's capacity with demand and we will continue to take the appropriate network and capacity actions to deliver value to our shareholders. In conclusion the second quarter was a very good quarter for United and I am proud of the work our employees have done to deliver record earnings which benefit all our constituencies, including our employees themselves. We have a great deal of confidence in our future as we work to make United the carrier of choice. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim, Greg and John.
Jeff Smisek: This is Jeff. On the slots at Newark we are in discussions with the – they have trust authorities that relate to that, they have the opportunity to view that and we are in discussions with them but we are highly confident that we will consummate that transaction.
Jeff Smisek: This is Jeff, Tom. The one thing I would add to what Jim said is, as you know, China is not open skies. But there will come a day when China is open skies and when that day comes, we would be keenly interested in exploring a joint venture similar to the type of joint venture that we enjoy with A&A today across the Pacific and that we enjoy with Lufthansa and other of our partners, Air Canada and others, across the Atlantic.
Jeff Smisek: Sure, Jeffrey. This is Jeff. I'm glad we enjoy the same first name. First of all we had an item that was disruptive that lasted about two hours that was a network connectivity issue. We recognize the inconvenience to our customers and the inconvenience to our employees. Our employees responded very well. Our IT people responded very well, got the system back up. In fact a lot of the tools that Greg talked about that we've invested in also the many of which are technology tools, decision-making tools actually permitted us to have a really good operations start-up the next day despite that disruption. I will tell you that the technology is our single largest area of non-aircraft CapEx. A lot of that goes to the operation itself, providing better tools and better decision-making tools as well. We're investing in hardware. We're investing in software. We're investing in the people and the processes to recover from irregular operations, because those are always going to occur because of weather or, for example, some kind of a maintenance issue with an airplane. We're focused very heavily on investing in the reliability of our systems and I can assure our customers that that investment will continue and that we're very focused on not only improving the stability, but actually offering additional technology to our customers to permit them to have better information, better choices better control of their travel, and for our employees that will permit them to do their jobs better. For example we're issuing 2,200 iPhone 6 Pluses to our flight attendants and over time as we add to those iPhones, our flight attendants will have vastly better information than they've had before and better interaction with their customers and can be better opportunity to serve our customers. So we're keenly focused. No one likes to have a technology outage. It can happen at any company. It happened to happen to us on a day that, of course, there was a lot of media excitement around the New York Stock Exchange. But I can tell you we are keenly focused on improving our technology, improving the stability of our technology, and more importantly, as you obviously have to have stability. Stability, to me, is like safety in an airline. You have to have this job, one, but improving the quality of our technology for our customers and the quality of our technology for our employees. And both those things are really important. And we are keenly focused on it, and we are spending a significant amount of both time and money and bandwidth to get that accomplished.
Jeff Smisek: Well, no. Not necessarily. We know areas, for example, where we can beef up systems or beef up backups. And so we know where to look. We also obviously do invest in significant amount, a significant amount of time and attention to the network itself and all the connectivity of the network, and of course, as all companies do today. We have very sophisticated investments in cyber security as well. So I think we know exactly where we're going and what we need to invest in.
Jim Compton: Thanks, Jeff. I'd like to thank our customers for flying United. We work hard every day to improve our performance, our product and our network to deliver the choice and experience you desire. In the second quarter our consolidated unit revenue fell 5.6%. The drivers were consistent with our initial expectations, a strong U.S. dollar, the effects of lower oil prices, pressure as a result of margin-accretive initiatives and competitive pricing actions. While the drivers were unchanged, unit revenue deteriorated throughout the quarter. In particular revenue from our energy-related corporate contracts declined more than we anticipated and the effects of competitive pricing worsened throughout the quarter. Corporate revenue for the second quarter decreased by approximately 5% on roughly flat traffic year-over-year, largely due to a 30% reduction in revenue from oil and gas related corporate customers. We believe this decline has roughly leveled out, and we don't anticipate material deterioration for the remainder of the year. Excluding oil and gas related corporate revenue our corporate revenue was down approximately 2% with traffic volumes up approximately 2% year-over-year. Ancillary revenue continued to perform well over the second quarter, growing 7% per passenger versus the second quarter of last year. We are now generating more than $23 per passenger in ancillary revenue and remain on track to achieve $3.2 billion of ancillary revenue this year. In the third quarter, we expect our [indiscernible] to decline 5% to 7% on capacity growth of 1.25% to 2.25%. We anticipate international unit revenue will be down [to 11%] [ph] and domestic unit revenue to decline 1% to 3%. The drivers of our third quarter unit revenue are largely the same as those in the second quarter. We expect the foreign exchange impact to account for 1.5 points of year-over-year PRASM pressure. We anticipate that the impact of lower international surcharges will account for one point of weakness, and that lower oil and gas related corporate revenue will drive nearly one point of PRASM decline. We also expect the current competitive pricing actions will drive another 1.5 points of decline in the quarter. Finally, the margin accretive actions we are taking, such as installing slim line seats and consolidating frequencies through up gauging will drive a half point of unit revenue decline. As we expect this to be our second consecutive quarter of negative year over year unit revenue performance, we have taken the appropriate actions to minimize this decline. We reduced second half capacity by approximately half a point and now expect full year 2015 consolidated capacity to grow between 1% and 1.5% this year. The capacity reduction largely comes from three markets where we've seen meaningful reduction in demand. First we further reduced capacity in our Core Energy markets. We have reduced capacity in those markets by 9% in the third quarter and 8% in the fourth quarter. Second, we pulled down capacity into Brazil by 7% in the fourth quarter to help offset the yield weakness driven by the strong U.S. dollar and the weak Brazilian economy. Finally we further reduced our Trans-Atlantic capacity in the fourth quarter. Our Trans-Atlantic capacity will decline approximately 0.5% year over year. The total impact of these changes will result in fourth quarter consolidated capacity of approximately 0.5% to 1.5%, more than 1.5 points lower than we had initially planned. As we have demonstrated over the last several years United has historically built its capacity to match demand and will continue this practice going forward. We will evaluate further capacity actions based on our expectations for demand as we move into the winter periods. We continue to improve our network with a focus on enhancing our core strengths. In June we announced our decision to move our p.s. service from JFK to our global gateway at Newark Liberty. With this change we will have the most flat lie-flat seats between New York and Los Angeles and San Francisco of any airline and will now offer our premium p.s. product at our premier New York Hub. In conclusion while unit revenue performance is down year over year, I am confident we are taking the appropriate steps to address the current challenging demand environment. At United we have a long history of matching capacity to demand and we intend to continue that. Our decision to move our p.s. product out of JFK and into Newark Liberty is one example of how we are prepared to take significant actions for the long-term benefit of our network, our customers, our employees and our shareholders, and we will continue to evaluate other opportunities going forward. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Jim Compton: Hey, Julie. This is Jim. As you're aware, we don't provide guidance beyond the upcoming quarter. We've guided to third quarter rise and decline of about 5% to 7%. But let me talk about some of the factors that we already know that will positively affect the fourth quarter. First in the fourth quarter we'll begin to lap some of the drivers to our current revenue decline. In particular, the strong dollar and some of the effects of the lower oil prices that began in the fourth quarter of last year. As you just said, we have made adjustments to our capacity. And so as we're responsive to adjusting our network to match demand we expect to realize those benefits. But in the end it's a little bit too early to zero in on where the demand will be, particularly on the business side this far out. But we do, as I mentioned, we do some of the factors that will begin to lap in the fourth quarter will be positive in terms of our unit revenue.
Jim Compton: Yeah, Jim again. You know we are seeing - our biggest yield pressures are coming in Dallas. You know some of the similar things with Love Field and so for the pressure that's happened in Dallas as well Chicago that we've talked about in the past. And then in Houston, I'll tie back to my energy comments that we're seeing the impact of that. So I think those are probably the three markets that we're seeing the biggest yield decline.
Jim Compton: Hey, Andrew. Jim. It really does come down to two separate stories as you mentioned the oil base and all other. And as I mentioned, clearly we're experiencing pressure on the oil base where we're seeing about 30% declines in revenue in our corporate-related contracts in the energy sector. But if you look at the non-oil based companies, we're actually very pleased with our performance. I think you got a segment though, and I think many of them when we talk to them are [feeling] [ph] the pressure of the strong dollar off of. But in general the demand is still solid. The little bit of softening as GDP forecasts have come down as we've moved through the second to the third quarter, the yields have come down. But the demand's pretty solid in the non-oil area.
Jim Compton: Hey, Joseph. This is Jim. As we work through our capacity, we're always in dialogue with our joint venture partners so that we can as a group manage through that process in the best way. Our capacity reductions are, as I mentioned, focused on where we think demand is relative to our network. We clearly make that, have those conversations with our partners and share that information as the group works together to manage across the Trans-Atlantic. So the answer is yes. We're tweaking some things. The great thing about our network and our fleet is its flexibility. And so what you're seeing in the Trans-Atlantic is that fleet flexibility going up, allowing us to gauge appropriately to the demand we expect in the fourth quarter.
Jim Compton: Hey, Duane, this is Jim. We would obviously, not that we won't talk about this profit, I will tell you, we're really excited. I mean if you think about the PS product United had for long history in that product of serving our customers with that premium service and the ability to introduce it to really the premier hub in New York, at Newark Liberty and offer from L.A. and San Francisco every flight flatbed seat, we're very excited about it and what the results will be on that. In addition to, if you're leaving from L.A. or you're leaving from San Francisco and you're going over the Europe, you'll have that flatbed experience across your whole journey and so forth. So I won't disclose profit but I will tell you, we're very excited about the move. We think this is really incremental to our net worth. As I mentioned, we think it's terrific for the long term for our product, our customers, our employees and obviously, our shareholders.
Jim Compton: This is Jim again. We obviously continue to see the significant capacity in this region. But again, as I mentioned, our history there, our position there, we're very happy with and happy with the performance. China runs at a very high level and so forth. China is such an important market to us, given our footprint there. We also take the long view of it. We're really confident where we see demand today even in today's environment. And although that capacity growth is strong, that demand will come in line over the next several years and so forth. Working with our network guys, if you look at areas that capacity is growing and that RASM pressure is on it, the demand side in China today actually puts less pressure to razz them than the other markets that are growing. So it's really that demand catching up to the capacity levels there. And we think over the next five years, and again, given as you mentioned, our ability to fly to secondary cities and so forth with our fleet in the 787, we're really well positioned to do well there.
Jim Compton: Yes. Yeah. The demand is still growing. Clearly obviously not at the 20% capacity we've seen. But again, the long-term view on demand for capacity has continued to grow at a pretty good rate.
Jim Compton: Hey, David. This is Jim. I think the Trans-Atlantic as it relates obviously to foreign exchange makes it a broad breadth impact in terms of demand and so forth. That being said, we are seeing good premium traffic into the U.K. and so forth. But if you think about it, remember that foreign exchange has really affected our offshore point of sale. And in the third quarter period of time, it's seasonally the point of sale out of Europe is one of the better periods of time during the year. At the same time, that stronger dollar, our expectations to drive higher U.S. point of sale because of the stronger dollar, although we've seen an uptick, it's not at the level of expectations that we originally thought. So it's really more broad-based and so forth. And in addition to the capacity reductions that we made over the course of the year out of Scandinavia and so forth, Norway, Sweden and we've adjusted some of our capacity down there. So if there was a reason we probably seen it more there, but generally it's across the board in Europe.
Jim Compton: Yeah. You know, again, I'm a big believer – we chase demand, right? And off-peak periods demand softer and so you could reach that conclusion and so forth. But the U.S. point-of-sale growth from the stronger dollar still hasn't reach the level based on what we anticipated earlier in the year.
Jim Compton: And David, I would just add – this is Jim. I think actually one of the flexibilities that it does add for us is in the area of range. And so we're able to kind of look at different markets based on the range we're getting through the refleeting we're happening. And on the other side also is the fact that it drives new revenue opportunities within [indiscernible].
Jim Compton: Yeah, as I mentioned I talked to a couple of the cities, Dallas, Huston, Chicago where we're seeing most the pressure. We're looking at a 1% to 3% decline in consolidated domestic in the third quarter, as I guided to. In the second quarter that was down 3.6% and so I think the team's doing a terrific job of managing what is a softer demand environment that quite frankly creates lower price points and we're meeting that demand. And so I'm thinking the domestic relative basis is more stable and that actually our guidance relative to the second quarter shows that.
Jim Compton: In terms of our alliances and so forth, as we think about China, clearly envisioning we have a terrific partner in Air China, and to the level that we're allowed to in terms of how we can expand our net worth by connecting and creating more connections for our customers and expanding our footprint there. And we'll continue to do that and look for opportunities with our Star partners to do that and at the same time, obviously, complement that with what we think is a terrific strategy given our fleet, the 787, the ability to fly secondary cities such as Chengdu from San Francisco and so forth, as well as build on our core markets in both Beijing and Shanghai. So the answer is like Latin America, as John mentioned, expanding our network with Azul, we'll continually look for opportunities that are growth markets, and clearly China is, and ways to expand our presence and our footprint in the market.
Jim Compton: Yeah. That's a great question. I think to begin, the industry as demand grows, capacity is going to grow. I think expectations for demand growth in China, clearly we believe are strong and long term and so forth. It would be difficult for me to put a level of that but I think where demand grows, you're going to see capacity grow. I think as I mentioned earlier, we're really well positioned.
John Rainey: Sure, Jamie. Well the magnitude is something we also think about in the timeframe that we expect to accomplish that and we look at both what our expectation about future earnings are and cash flow as well as the other sources of, I guess, draws on that cash. We have been pretty specific about what our intermediate-term debt goal is. We still have a ways to go to accomplish that. Right now we have a gross debt including capitalized leases balance of about $17 billion and the target that we've set out there is $15 billion. So there's still some work to be done there. We also need to continue to invest in our business. We recognize that there's still a lot of things that we can do that are good returns on that cash as we invest improving our operations, providing a better level of customer services and so forth, and giving our employees the tools to do their jobs. So as I talk consistently the allocation of cash flow for us is one about balance and we look – to answer your question, look at sort of what the cash flow that we're going to generate and then look at how we balance that cash flow and returning our cash to shareholders through a share buyback is part of that. With respect to dividend, again, there may be a time and place for a divined in our future, but at this point we still believe that returning cash to shareholders, the best way to do that is buying back our own stock.
John Rainey: We always look at every aircraft that's out there. And you could certainly point to that size aircraft and look at our fleet. And there's perhaps a need to fill that gap. But we are taking into account the economics of that aircraft, the availability of them. And there may at some time in our future be a need to place an order for aircraft of that size, but that's not something we've decided yet.
John Rainey: So with respect to project quality, I would want to emphasize that while we have a specific dollar amount and timeframe associated with this, this is becoming a way of doing business at United. And as we get near completion of this initiative, we will jump right into the next one. We recognize that this is an ongoing improvement process and there's further opportunity. But the main thing I would want to point you to I think in terms of magnitude of opportunity going forward is the cost benefit that we have from restructuring our network. So if you look at the second quarter for example, we increased our average gauge by 7% while reducing our departures by almost 5%. That has a tremendous cost benefit that comes with it as well, and as we've talked about as I said in my prepared remarks, continuing to take planes like the E175 and sitting down more of the 50-seaters there's a continuation of this going forward and you should expect to see that in our cost results.
John Rainey: So I'm going to answer the question slightly differently, Hunter. We have had historically what you might describe as more of a mechanistic structure to our hedging where it's sort of been on autopilot, but in periods of extreme volatility like what we've seen in the back half of last year as well as the first part of this year, that's not necessarily the most prudent way to hedge. And given all the bearish signals in the market for the first part of this year we've been reluctant to take out any position in 2015. However when we look out to 2016 and beyond and we look at both the revenue environment, capacity environment and our cost structure, having the ability to lock-in or said differently, reduce the volatility of one of our single largest cost inputs enables us to accomplish so many other things that are really important and create value in the business. And as we look at hedging, despite maybe taking a more opportunistic approach, it's really more of risk management and reducing the volatility with our costs and that enables us to play on things much like what we did today with the $3 billion share repurchase program. So those go hand in hand. If we see a more stable environment with less volatility going forward, we might be able to get back to a hedge program more like what you've seen in the past, but we are looking at particular price that are more attractive. If that's characterized as opportunistic, then so be it at this point.
John Rainey: There are revenue-related costs whether it's credit card discount fees, commissions and so forth. But we generally view those as good costs in a business. We much rather focus on the top line growth.
John Rainey: Over the years the magnitude of those has diminished quite a bit. It's much different than it was 15 years ago in this business where they made up a much larger portion of our cost structure.
John Rainey: We take delivery of the first planes at the end of 2016. And with respect to the 7-4s, there are a couple in our fleet that we will take out, but we'll make a decision about whether the 777s or for that matter that A350s replace the 7-4s a little bit later. We are going to hit a period at the late 2019 time period where a lot of those 7-4s that we have in our fleet come due for a more expensive maintenance visit and that might be a good opportunity to sit them down at that point in time.
John Rainey: There's two things I'd point out there, Helane. One is profit sharing and because of our higher pre-tax margin in the second quarter we trigger a higher profit sharing ratio and so that's probably higher than what we have modeled. The other thing, we continue to see pressure both with respect to pensions as well as medical and dental. We saw a lot of pressure last year and we're seeing a lot of cost increase in those areas this year as well.
John Rainey: There's a lot of reasons that go into that and certainly the tenure of your workforce is one of them.
John Rainey: If we were to look at our contributions to date, without making adjustments for any actuarial assumptions or anything like that, which need to be done, we're actually at about $1 billion of an unfunded liability. That's obviously subject to change when we measure that at year-end but it puts us in a very good position over the next several years as we think about that like any other debt obligation. We've said before, we want to get to a point where if we were to get in an interest rate environment where rates are higher than they are today, we can get close to fully funded, and we are effectively in that position right now.
John Rainey: Well, let me first take the return on invested capital piece. As you can appreciate, we have fungible assets and it's pretty difficult to take a 777 that may fly domestically and also fly internationally and allocate that capital base between the two. So we don't look at return on invested capital on an international versus domestic basis. If you were to look at just NOPAP [ph], the numerator, certainly you've seen a better balance today that what we've seen historically where a lot of the profitability from airlines came – at least from the airlines that I've been associated with – came from the international portion. The domestic environment is a very good one right now and happens to be a very profitable one as well.
John Rainey: I would say, Dan, we're probably a little bit more than halfway through it, if you could all of the various initiatives that we outlined. Certainly we've had a little quicker pace with respect to our cost achievements but we recognize that we still have a lot of work to do here and we're pleased with the progress. A lot is made of core earnings improvement versus last year and it's certainly very difficult to strip out oil without acknowledging that there's some effect on revenue as well. So we tend to focus on the things that we can measure. The fact that we've improved productivity for eight quarters, the fact that we've cancelled 24,000 fewer flights for the first part of this year. We had one of the highest completion factors of the major carriers coming out of Newark, the fact that our cost performance continues to improve quarter-after-quarter. And all those are good indications of the progress that we were making, and we feel like we've got a good plan that we're executing on. We'll continue to demonstrate that performance.
John Rainey: I would describe it less as a cost tailwind and more of a cash flow tailwind. So year-to-date we've funded $800 million. Going forward, this would probably be a rounding error in your model. You could see us fund somewhere between $50 million to $150 million a year. But there's not a need to have a big catch-up contribution like what we have this year. Again, everything else being equal, given what we know today.
John Rainey: Well I would say one of our main focuses that we've had for a number of years right now is to preserve fleet flexibility to be able to respond to any type of economic environment. And if you look at the composition of our fleet today of roughly 700, 710 mainline planes, 22% of that fleet is free and clear of debt unencumbered. We could sit down in any type of economic environment and we want to continue to preserve that going forward. In fact, as you see us finance less of new aircraft and in some cases buy aircraft entirely for cash, that preserves that flexibility, because what we don't want is to be in an environment where we want to adjust capacity but we're still have to cover the cash cost of those planes.
John Rainey: We have in our cost guidance this year, we've provided for 2015, there is an assumption about getting agreements with the last two remaining groups out of the 30 collectively bargain agreements completed, and I think importantly for us, but that goes both ways. So there's also a cost benefit to the company of getting those collective bargaining agreements, but more importantly, we want to get everybody under a joint contract and moving forward. There's a big sort of cultural morale piece to that as well that we're very focused on. So hopefully, we'll complete those agreements in the near future.
John Rainey: Well, we've said consistently that we need to run this business where we can keep our unit cost growth at something less than inflation, and that includes all of the cost inputs including labor. We certainly want to pay our employees competitive wages that are market-based and that goes into that assumption, but to the extent that we've got inflation pressure in certain areas, like that perhaps, we're going to offset it in other ways by becoming more efficient and more productive.
John Rainey: First of all, I disagree with the way you characterize that slightly because to say that – to just look at the impact of fuel and not understand that fuel also impacts the revenue environment I think only looks at one side of the equation there. A lot of the headwinds that Jim talked about earlier are certainly very related to fuel. Even if we take the foreign exchange headwind that we've seen, that's due to a stronger dollar. A stronger dollar has in part influenced the price of fuel. So we're seeing a lot of pressure year over year. As we move long term though and we look at an environment that potentially could have lower fuel inputs than what we've seen, we're going to update United Airlines. We're going to focus on what we can control and that's balancing the right amount of capacity for the demand in our markets.
