Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Jonathan, and thank you, all, for joining us on our first quarter 2014 earnings call. Our financial performance in the first quarter was disappointing. I want to start by saying that this management team understands the importance of improving our financial results. Although the historic winter weather adversely affected our results this quarter, we know we can do better and are taking actions to do just that. I'm confident that our strong assets, combined with the strategies we have in place, will begin to yield improving revenue results as we progress through 2014 and beyond. We're seeing encouraging progress, particularly in the domestic entity, from changes we're making to our revenue management and scheduling practices. We continue to face significant pressure in the Pacific entity given the increasing competitive capacity to China and the depreciation of the yen. But we are taking appropriate actions to maintain and capitalize on our leadership position in the region. We will make the appropriate adjustments to our network, schedule and fleet to grow our positions of strength and eliminate our weaknesses. This could require tough choices such as our recent decision to substantially reduce our flying in Cleveland, but we can't make progress without being willing to make changes that are necessary for our long-term success. Jim will discuss in further detail the actions we're taking to improve our revenue throughout the network. I am pleased with our cost performance in the first quarter, particularly given the challenging weather. I attribute this good performance to the dedication of our employees and their active engagement in the launch of Project Quality. The Project Quality program, designed to remove to $2 billion of annual cost by 2017, is off to a strong start. It is very early in the process, but I can assure you that we are intensely focused on and committed to its success. We're engaging in a rigorous process as we work to achieve our goal of delivering durable efficiencies and high quality, all while offering excellent customer service and building a great place to work. We will continue to invest in our employees, providing them better tools and training to do their jobs more effectively and improved facilities like renovated break rooms and in-house health clinics to make their work experience better. Our operations are running well now that the brutal winter is over. Our customer satisfaction scores from the first quarter of 2014 exceeded those of the first quarter last year. It's clear that our investment in customer service training last year is having a positive effect on our passenger's experience on United. This year, we'll be training all of our customer-facing frontline employees to detailed customer service standards and will be objectively measuring our performance against those standards. This will give us better visibility in how we're doing and where we need to target improvements. We continue to invest in products and services our customers value from new airplanes, to onboard Wi-Fi, to power outlets, to enhanced digital tools, to functional, comfortable facilities on the ground. In the first quarter, we introduced 11 new aircraft into our fleet, including 2 787 Dreamliners. By the end of this year, we will have installed next-generation slimmer economy seats on all of our Airbus and CRJ-700 aircraft, providing a good product with superior operating economics. And next week, we'll be opening our brand new Terminal B at Boston Logan Airport. It will provide a state-of-the-art experience for our passengers, with self-bag-tagging in the lobby, 8 gates equipped with self-boarding technology, 100% in-seat power at the gates, and a brand new United Club. I feel good about our direction. We are committed to expanding our profits this year and to improving our profitability each year after that. We have established the building blocks it will take to get us where we want to be and where you want us to be. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim and John.
Jeffery A. Smisek: This is Jeff. Clearly, frequent flyer -- or our frequent flyer program is evolving and as are others. And what we're trying to do is better align the benefits that we deliver to our customers through the frequent flyer program with the benefits that the customers deliver to us from their flying, including the profitability of their flying. And I believe that you will see evolution of our program over time. We can't talk about specifics at this point in time, but clearly, this is an evolving process. And frequent flyer -- our frequent flyer program is becoming much more sophisticated and is better aligning the benefits bidirectionally.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, I don't think, Jamie, that there's a fundamental structural problem. I mean, all things being equal, high concentration to hub is a good thing, there's no question about it. But it's also important to have hubs in the key business markets. It's important to have a good mix of local inflow traffic. We do that. So no, I don't think there's a fundamental structural problem. Now there are issues with geographic locations for winter storms, I will grant you that. We've got west to east, Denver, Chicago and Cleveland, New York and Dulles all in a row. And some of our friends in the south did not have that difficulty. But I don't think there's a fundamental structure there. I think from us, it's a lot of basic blocking and tackling, getting our operational integrity humming and we're clearly making progress there. And certainly, Greg Hart is here, if he wants to comment on that. But we clearly are focusing on tuning all of our revenue initiatives. And Jim and his team are working very hard on that. Making -- we operate really inefficiently today, Jamie. And that's what Project Quality is all about, bringing quality and efficiency, elimination of defects all across the system. We also candidly are still operating with a number of parallel systems, processes, leftovers from the merger that we need to conclude and those drive inefficiencies and they drive costs. And our customers service, historically, since the merger, has not been as good as it should be. And we're spending a lot of time and money and effort training our folks. And this year, importantly, we're bringing in a third party which will objectively measure us against those customer service standards . We're going to establish a baseline to would help us improve customer service. But if you've got -- if you have some -- the lack of operational reliability which is historically, which we're improving a great deal, that drives a lot of cost and a lot of dissatisfaction which drives away revenue and improves costs. So in answer, no, I don't think we have structural problems. I think we are -- I think we've identified all the areas where we need to improve. We have very good, very disciplined, very rigorous plans to attack each of those areas and I am very confident that we will.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, Helane, first of all, let's focus kind of bigger picture here, and I'll ask Jim to talk about San Fran and Newark. But -- the EMAS in San Fran and runaway work in Newark. But our goal here isn't really focused on peer revenue comparisons, but rather, as John talked about, making sure we are earning industry competitive margins. We have a lot of assets that generate a lot of revenue for us and we could do a better job and we'll be doing a job, generate even more revenue from that set of assets. But our goal really is focused on margin. We're focused at pulling, obviously, the 2 levers of revenue and cost, but also making sure, as Greg talked about, making sure that we're operating reliably because you've got to have a reliable core to generate revenue and to run that -- run your operations efficiently since you're doing it so at lower cost. The issues, which are quite temporary at Newark, which is flight constrained, and so that's actually a much easier than San Francisco. Those are temporary. I'll ask Jim or Greg to talk to you about those.
Jeffery A. Smisek: But Helane, to your point, it is important that -- take weather events aside, it is important that we deliver the same degree of focus to the operational reliability and on-time performance of our regional partners as we do to the mainline. We have a lot of time and attention to that. We have a number of regional partners, obviously, as well. But from a customer's perspective, it's important that those -- we have those aircraft as reliable as they can be, and with as much on-time performance as they can be. It is true, however, that during severe weather, those get canceled more. They affect the fewest passengers comparing or canceling a 50-seater versus canceling a 777.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Well, Ted, let me just talk about the hub for a moment, and I'll turn over to Jim. Look, we have a number of -- San Francisco is a terrific gateway to Asia. It is clearly the best hub on the West Coast for Asia. We also have terrific hubs throughout the United States. So I wouldn't say San Francisco is the best hub. It is a great hub. But there's no doubt that competitive capacity pressures from the U.S. to Asia, particularly to China, where we are the largest U.S. airline, by far, have contributed to our -- pressured our unit revenue. And that said, we make good money in Asia today even with that pressure. We expect to continue to make good money to Asia. We expect to not only maintain our lead there, but we would have opportunities to grow in the new markets. A lot of capacity has gone in for China, for example, in Beijing or Shanghai, and our new route to Chengdu, nonstop, is an exciting opportunity and we think we have future opportunities for that. But I'll ask Jim if he'd like to comment anymore.
James E. Compton: Mike, it's Jim. The number that -- one of the areas of revenue management we gave some insights and it's adding about 0.5 through the second quarter, and that's the only one that we're talking about in terms of the incremental impact to our RASM. I've put that in a context of what we've talked about in the third quarter call when we acknowledged the inputs to the revenue management system and made the quick changes to recalibration that we found it affected our September number by about a percentage of RASM. So you can think of the run rate of being about 1.0% in terms of RASM performance due to the changes that we're making on the revenue management side.
James E. Compton: Hunter, this is Jim. A couple of thoughts. One is our Pacific, as I mentioned, is running at extremely high levels of performance in terms of the economics of this. And there are some near-term challenges that you're alluding to in terms of the capacity, particularly to China where we're seeing 20% growth. And for us, that growth is primarily into the U.S. to our hubs. And so yes, it does affect San Francisco, Los Angeles and so forth. I'll tell you we performed very well out in Los Angeles to China. And the unique -- we have adapted, we actually, the 787 is the terrific aircraft for us to kind of manage some of the competitiveness given its fuel efficiency and its gauge and so forth. I think for us what we'll always do is continue to kind of watch demand and make sure that capacity is in line with demand. And at the same time, we're going to continue to build on our strengths and where our assets are at their strongest point. But you're right, it's a competitive environment, and it's an area that we'll continually watch and make the right moves depending on where the necessary moves that we need to make.
James E. Compton: Jamie, it's Jim. First, let me tell you this. We obviously -- we run the highest length of haul RASM in the industry and we're going to continue to do that. We're disappointed in the rate of growth off of that. And those initiatives that I talked about are specifically -- work to put us on the path that will get us to the point that we're growing at the rate that we feel that we need to do. To put us -- what I will say is that, yes, we expect to close the gap on RASM performance. And I'd like to leave it at that. Because we will close it. We have a great plan. We have our strong commitment of the team here, and we will close that gap over the next -- over the quarters and years to come.
James E. Compton: And John, this is Jim. Again, on the revenue side, obviously, we have the advantage of seeing things at a much more granular level on the revenue side, which is quite frankly why, in the second quarter, we wanted to break out the PRASM guidance from the -- to highlight some of the pressure areas that we're in, in the Pacific, but also highlight the consolidated domestic growing 4% to 6%. Even if I adjust for weather in the first quarter, what the team is seeing is the beginning of the actions they've taken grabbing hold at the granular level. And so those are the things that here drives so much optimism on our side, it's because we can separate the pressure areas such as China and so forth and understand that market and how well we perform in that market. And at the other hand, the initiatives that we're doing, we can see some of the early results, for instance, from the revenue management recalibration. We have all the confidence, whether it's the upselling initiatives, whether it's the rebanking based on the initiatives that we've driven so far today, that we're going to have success in that. And that's where the enthusiasm on the revenue side comes from as we kind of look forward over the next several quarters and next several years.
James E. Compton: Well, John, I think, in terms of revenue, if anything, I highlighted that we're seeing those benefits in the second quarter, 0.5% PRASM in terms of contributing to the 4% to 6% consolidated domestic guidance. So we are seeing the benefits as we move through the year and we're we'll -- kind of the full effect as we kind of get over the month of September in the third quarter. The other initiatives are building. Some of the ones I've talked about, swapping of aircraft, we can actually measure those real-time how we're doing. We're going to start expand those. So again, at the granular level, we're early in initiatives and we're actually seeing the benefits, and those are the things that we were highlighting today on the call.
James E. Compton: Helane, this is Jim. The -- I also want to remind that the completion factor that we saw on the regional in the first quarter is driven by far primarily by the weather event to severe weather event. As I mentioned in my comments of the 35,000 cancellations, you're right, 30,000 were regional. And the severe weather and our trying to affect the least number of customers as possible drove disproportionate to regional. As that weather moves out, we're already seeing the regional completion factor improve relative for the first quarter significantly. And that's the 70-seaters that operates under our regional partners and not on the mainline.
James E. Compton: Duane, this is Jim. On a daily basis, we're probably doing approximately 50 swaps where we're swapping, where we have a good sense of the demand, and demand is stronger for instance and we'll swap in a larger gauge and move that flight to obviously a market where the demand is less and so we're marching capacity and gauge very much in line. We actually look at that 30 to 45 days out and start watching it. So some of those swaps will start out as far out as 45 days. And as we get closer into 30 day, it's clearly working very closely -- the team works very closely with Greg's team in Ops to make sure that we're providing a consistent reliable product. And we're seeing great and early results from that, great results from it.
James E. Compton: Ted, this is Jim. I'll take you over to the other side of the coast because Newark's a terrific asset also. We have a terrific presence in New York, and we have the unique presence, right. And that presence is because we have the true connecting hub. So from a network perspective, not only all the things that go with that hub, great facility, great products and so forth, but we have that opportunity to offset weak demand in the local market, whether it be absolute demand or demand that's driven by lower pricing with higher-yielding demand that wants to connect to Europe over Newark. Nobody else can do that in the New York area. So I think I would to add to Jeff's point is that, we have a number of great assets in the hub, where each of them are unique, whether it's Houston into Latin America, Jeff's comment on San Francisco, New York, all of our hubs have unique strengths to them. And as we go forward, we're going to build on those strengths.
John D. Rainey: Good question, Hunter. And I'll tell you that we've been consistent and we have -- the 2 things we need to accomplish prior to returning cash to shareholders. One being having a level of earnings performance which supports that, and we also have goals to take care of some debt that we can pay off at the back half of the year. And so to your point about earnings improvement, I'll tell you that we're extremely disappointed in first quarter results. There's no doubt about it. We have the same feeling about this as the analyst community and investors. But we have absolutely not lost any conviction at all on the plan we've laid out last fall. We are encouraged by a lot of progress that we're making right now. And it's more difficult to see that in some of our financial results but we've got an extreme focus on improving revenue with Jim's team. And the entire company is bought in to be more efficient and improving our cost along the lines of Project Quality. I'll give you the example of that. Honestly, for the first quarter, this was one of the most difficult operational quarters we had since 9/11. Despite that, our over time improved year-over-year for both our airport groups, which is by over 1 point, and as well as our technical operations group. So despite having a more difficult operating environment, the progress that we're making and becoming more efficient is being seen throughout the business. Now admittedly, that's not reflected in our first quarter results, but again, we have not lost any of the conviction about the back half of this year, and we are fully committed to accomplishing the goal of being able to return cash to shareholders next year.
John D. Rainey: Well, the way that -- when we look at returning cash to shareholders, I think it's important to be able to do that in good years and bad years. And we look at a lot of the volatility of earnings. And we haven't come out and said, "We've got to earn x million -- x billion to achieve that, but it's really a level of earnings that we're comfortable with in the business. And we're making progress. We feel good about the back half of the year. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect to have earnings improvement in each of the remaining quarters this year.
John D. Rainey: Jamie, I would just add to that, that we recognize that we're underperforming in the industry. And we have an expectation among ourselves that we should be an industry leader. But the first step is to have industry competitive markets. And so when we talk about closing the RASM gap, we're actually much more focused on closing the margin gap. And some of the decisions that we make maybe RASM dilutive, but profit maximizing. And so you could see some of that in our numbers, but I think, at the end of the day, we need to be held accountable for our margin performance versus our competitors.
John D. Rainey: Well, John, I'll start from a cost perspective. Obviously, our costs have been too high. And if you look at our cost guidance for the year, being 1% to 2%, excluding fuel, that's a much more appropriate level to how we need to run the business. And candidly, an expectation of what we have going forward to the next few years, and it's something less than inflation. And we're seeing a tremendous amount of focus and improvement and a lot of the initiatives that we've undertaken. I gave the example to an earlier question of the improvement in overtime. But we're seeing deployment of technology that is enabling us to better staff airports, to do it in a more customer-friendly way as well. There's every aspect of our business that we're able to test where we're seeing good improvements and overall engagement by the employees. And that's reflected in our cost results. I think, speaking for both cost and revenue, the issue is often the pace of change and it's never as fast as what we'd like. Look, no one wanted it to occur faster than we do as a management team, but the things that we're seeing, whether the booking information that we see or the cost expectations, the early indications we're pretty excited about.
John D. Rainey: Duane, this is John. Over the next 18 months, we've got 175 aircraft that come out from underneath the capacity purchase agreement. Of those, 125 -- actually, the head lease expires. So a certain number of those, we could place with another provider or extend the capacity purchase arrangement with that current provider. But even of those remaining aircraft that'll come of lease, the lease expiration is in the very near future as well. One of the things that we've talked to you about in the past is it's important for us to have a lot of flexibility in our fleet plan. And you see that both in our mainline fleet, as well as our regional fleet. And we've laddered a lot of these capacity purchase agreements so that it allows us to have that flexibility to remove aircraft from our schedule when we need to.
