Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, Nene and Jonathan, and thank you, all, for joining us on our second quarter 2014 earnings call. Today, we reported pretax earnings of $921 million, an increase of more than $300 million year-over-year. We earned $2.34 per diluted share, a 49% increase, versus of the second quarter of last year. We're pleased that our second quarter unit revenue performance exceeded our initial guidance, and that our quarterly nonfuel unit cost decreased year-over-year. Our second quarter financial performance reflects the progress we're making on initiatives we've been implementing over the last few quarters. Our revenue management and network improvements are delivering as expected. We're exhibiting excellent cost control. We're making disciplined aircraft investments that are improving our fuel efficiency, and we're continuing to strengthen our balance sheet. While we're pleased with the progress we made during the quarter, our entire management team is focused on continuing to improve our overall financial performance. We have a strong plan in place and our team is committed to executing against it. We are working to accelerate our revenue growth. We have a tremendous set of assets, and we'll take the appropriate actions with our network and fleet to maximize the revenue we produce from those assets. In a few minutes, Jim will walk you through the steps we're taking to optimize our network, regional operation and revenue management, all with the goal of improving our revenue and margin performance. At the same time, we continue to execute on Project Quality, our $2 billion annual cost savings program, to make meaningful gains in quality and efficiency. Our employees have played a large part in this initiative, and I thank them for identifying and implementing durable, high-quality improvements across our business. I ascribe much of our excellent second quarter unit cost performance to the progress we're making in this area, and I'm confident that our team will continue to execute at a high level going forward. In what is perhaps the clearest demonstration of our confidence and our ability to achieve the goals of a long-term plan we laid out at our Investor Day last fall, we announced this morning $1 billion share repurchase program, which we expect to complete within the next 3 years. We've made significant progress improving our overall capital structure, and initiating a shareholder return program is another step towards achieving a more balanced allocation of cash flow. We are firmly committed to increasing the value we create for our shareholders, and our share repurchase program is indicative of that commitment. John will walk you through this program in greater detail in just a few minutes. During the second quarter, we faced difficult operating conditions, particularly due to multi-month runway closures at our gateway San Francisco and Newark hubs. Our team stepped up throughout, demonstrating their professionalism, running a solid operation and providing good customer service. We're focused on running a more reliable and efficient operation with a consistently high-quality product and service offering, and are confident in our ability to continue to improve in these areas. We made significant strides in the second quarter towards our goals, but recognize that we have much work ahead to achieve United's full potential. We have very experienced, highly skilled employees who are committed to our success. We'll continue to take the appropriate actions and make the necessary changes to get us to the level of earnings our shareholders and this management team expect. Now I will turn the call over to Jim and John.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Dan, this is Jeff. Let me take that question if I could. I would say that nothing is off the table, and we'll take the actions that we need take to maximize the value of our enterprise for our shareholders. We have demonstrated an ability and willingness to take tough actions. Cleveland's a good example of that. We have a lot of initiatives underway, and we're taking a lot -- a look at a lot of others. I'm not going to put a timeframe on that, nor will I talk about, nor will we as a company talk about directionally where we'll go until we're ready to talk about something. But I want to assure you that this team is committed to improving our margin performance, to improving our value for our shareholders, to improving our product, to improving our operational reliability, and we will take whatever actions are necessary to do just that.
Jeffery A. Smisek: And also, the one thing I would add, Duane, is that as we have had a lot of focus on improving our operations, we have more confidence in our operational reliability going forward to permit those connections to occur without undue misconnects.
Jeffery A. Smisek: And Ted, this is Jeff. In answer to your second question, certainly, at the beginning of the year, with moving everybody to a single crew management system and FAR 117, the new flight duty time, we had some hiccups in some of those implementation, which adversely affected some of our pilots. But we've certainly also allow [ph] an enormous amount of focus to that. All our folks in ops and our technology worked together hard to make sure to make their lives more predictable and reliable. And certainly, the amount of focus we've had and investments we've had in improving our operational reliability makes the pilots' lives better, makes the flight attendants' lives better, makes our passengers' lives better. I think we have a good relationship with ALPA, in the joint collective bargaining agreement. We are in close consultations with our pilots on many matters. And we continue to develop that relationship, and we expect that relationship will continue to improve over time. We want to make sure that we have the right culture with everybody at this company, including our pilots, and I think we're making good progress.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Sure. Well, first of all, the safety of our passengers and crews is paramount, and we don't fly missions that we don't have confidence are safe. We have consulted extensively with the U.S. government, as well as our own people on the ground in Tel Aviv, and that is -- and we believe it's safe to fly and that's why we're commencing -- recommencing our flights.
John D. Rainey: Well, Hunter [ph] -- yes. As a general rule, we would expect to finance aircraft with debt. The efficiency in that market right now is outstanding. When we can raise debt at 4% to purchase assets, that's a very good use of cash, that also lowers our overall cost of capital. Where we will be opportunistic with paying down debt is in some of the non-aircraft debt categories. We still have the term loan, as well as several tranches of unsecured debt, which happens also to be at all-time low rates for the airline industry. But the key thing here, Hunter, is balance. We've evolved how we allocate cash flow since our merger. Initially after our merger, the best way to create shareholder value was to continue to delever and derisk this business. We've also made a lot of core investments in the company and in our infrastructure. And we're at a point now where we've complemented that with the first phase of capital distribution to shareholders. And going forward, we will be opportunistic in terms of paying down debt, overfunding our pension, investing in our business and continuing to deploy cash to shareholders.
John D. Rainey: Nothing that I would want to disclose, Helane. The point being, though, is that we have a lot of confidence in our plan and in our ability to execute on that plan. And if you believe that the preferred method of deploying capital to shareholders is through a share repurchase program, you want to do that at a point where you're trading at a discount to that future earnings potential. We believe that's the inflection point that we're at. We've got a lot of confidence in our plan going forward. And we'll -- we believe that now is the right time to do this for United shareholders.
John D. Rainey: Well, you're right, John. This is a first step, and I will add that I think it's a watershed moment in the airline industry, where you have the largest 4 carriers returning cash to shareholders. I think that, that speaks volumes about how this industry has changed, how it's de-risked the business and the sustainability of those earnings going forward. One way that we look at this is the amount of cash that we're deploying relative to our market cap. Today's announcement is about 6% of our market cap. We're going to -- as we begin to act more like an industrial, I think we should begin to measure ourselves more against industrials and have returns of capital that aspire to be similar to those.
John D. Rainey: Sure. Well, the 70-seater obviously is appreciably better from a CASM perspective than the 50-seat product. Equally, it puts some pressure on the revenue side. Now I think balancing that on the revenue side, just to go there for a second, is that it's a much better product for our customers. And where we're flying a 50-seat RJ today, wingtip to wingtip, with a competitor that's flying a mainline jet, it's an inferior product and customers book away from that. So I view that more as a kind of a scratch on the revenue side, and it provides a fairly material improvement on the cost side. With respect to replacement economics, we've often talked about the fact that for each 757 that we replaced with a 900ER, it's a couple of million dollars to the bottom line each year. One of the things that we're looking at right now is the used aircraft market. And that market varies widely, based upon which aircraft type you're talking about. And I'll give you an example. The 737-800, a 10-year-old 800 is not priced as low, relative to a new 800, as like an Airbus or some of the other older-generation planes. So we need to be opportunistic with respect to which particular aircraft types we look at if we're looking at the used market. But while we do trade maybe some of the operating economics for a plane that's not newer generation, as we've consistently said, one of the ways that we look at returns in this business, and a very important way, is return on invested capital. And where we may be trading the top line, the numerator, the notepad, we're actually benefiting it by the lower invested capital. And so that's one of the factors that we will take into this decision.
John D. Rainey: It's on the narrowbody side. We are making some investments in our fleet on the widebody side to prolong the life of those planes. But this is more about being disciplined and balanced with respect to CapEx. And as we shift from relying less on the 50-seat RJs and more on the regional fleet, we need to do that in a financially disciplined way. I'm a big believer in the new aircraft that the manufacturers are putting out, but there's a limit to what we should go out and spend, and we need to be balanced with our capital, balanced with the amount of debt we're putting on and actually do this in a way that enables us to return cash to shareholders.
John D. Rainey: Well, it's absolutely both those, Dan. I would emphasize that when we first articulated our plan to return cash to shareholders last fall, we were deliberately vague with the timeframe, and we said by sometime in 2015. And at that point, we were very early on in several of the key initiatives that we're working on right now. We now have a few quarters underneath our belt, and you can see the results of those performance in our financial and cost performance this morning. We have a clear line of sight into the cash flows that exist out into the timeframe that we talked about and we've got a lot of confidence in our plan, and that's what this action today reflects.
Gregory L. Hart: That's a good question, Hunter. And I think there's certainly lots of things we can control and there's investments, for example, we can make on our end that'll provide a better environment for our regional partners to operate in. For example, as a result of our experience in the first quarter with all the weather, we've invested in a quite a bit of technology that's going to provide the opportunity for us to better cancel flights and provide the regional operators a better chance to recover much quicker than what they have historically been able to do. So that's an example of some of the things we're doing to better facilitate their operations, both in wintertime as well as summer storm times. So there's lots of things we're doing along those lines to help the regional carriers perform better.
Gregory L. Hart: Helane, I think what Jim mentioned, as it relates to the 8%, was 8% of our flying is on 50-seaters and that's declining to...
Gregory L. Hart: 5% over the course of the next 18 months or so. Obviously, we track our regional carriers' performance each and every day, and understand each and every flight that is either delayed or canceled and the reasons why. It's something we've got laser-like focused on, and are focused on not only taking advantage of the opportunities that, that data provides, but building better flexibility within the schedule to provide better opportunities to recover. Jim talked about consolidating the number of operators in Dulles, for example. As you can imagine, as we built schedule depth for those operators in Dallas, they've got better capabilities to recover themselves.
Gregory L. Hart: Well, for us, we have that data and we measure it every day. It's not anything we talk about publicly, but we have contractual relationships, actually, with our providers that account for weather-related delays differently than mechanical or pilot-driven delay or cancellation.
Gregory L. Hart: Jamie, great question, and we are certainly not treating first quarter's weather as a one-off. We are expecting more of the same moving forward, and are preparing for that. And we've got a lot of things ongoing to help us better manage weather events at the airport. And a couple of examples I can point to. One is we're working on a tool that's going to provide the opportunity to better rebook our passengers over our network. Today's tool isn't that sophisticated when it comes to being able to rebook our passengers over every itinerary we can provide in our network. And obviously, with the 7 hubs here in the Continental U.S., we've got a lot of different itineraries that we can put people over. So we're working on a tool that's going to better do that. We also are working on a tool, that I mentioned earlier, that's going to help us better get the airline back on its feet after a winter storm. We're going to cancel flights such that we're going to better understand where our crews are, where they have time, and where the airplanes are to help the airplane recover much quicker than what we have been able to do historically. And there's several other examples I can point to across all of the divisions that we're working on to better provide the opportunity to get our passengers to where they want to be much quicker than what we have historically.
James E. Compton: John, this is Jim. I would just add to John's comment on the revenue side. The [indiscernible] of the 50-seaters with the 70-seaters also presents a first-class cabin and Economy Plus cabin. We're excited about the ancillary opportunities. I've mentioned a little bit about what we're seeing on upsell, as well as first-class pricing in the premium cabin domestically. So we're excited about the opportunity that as those 70 airplanes come into the system over the next 18 months, what that will drive on the ancillary side.
James E. Compton: Jamie, so we have a great working relationship with our JV partners. And whether it's Lufthansa, ANA, Air Canada, all of our JV partners, we coordinate very closely on capacity, as well as the pricing and sales -- and the sales agreements that we have in the marketplace. You are right, though, at the end each carrier is free to make decisions that they feel best for them. But I will tell you that the relationships that we have with our JV partners and our coordination is very tight. As we look at the trans-Atlantic capacity, we're relatively flattish in the second quarter. Some of the seasonal shaping that I mentioned in my comments have a direct impact on the trans-Atlantic, in that you'll see our capacity relatively flat in the winter 2015 off [ph] season. But to your point, we work really closely with our JV partners.
James E. Compton: Absolutely. There's -- the network teams have far-out looking discussions in terms of what capacity and what works for each carrier.
James E. Compton: Mike, this is Jim. I think my comments would be that we have, as I talked about, our revenue initiatives and the 3 areas that we're focused on: network and schedule, the regional operations and revenue management. Within network and schedule, we're very focused on how our traffic flows across all our hubs, and how each hub participates into the overall network performance. Within that, the team -- very granular analysis, and the granular analysis includes many of the things that you just mentioned in terms of where our most loyal customers are, the lifetime spend and our expectations with that going forward. So I think I would just summarize by saying that we are very much focused on revenue initiatives that we've implemented, that we're going to implement, and those that we're researching, and that includes the overall look at the network.
James E. Compton: Yes. The opportunity is, obviously, to improve that. The -- and what we're focusing on is, beginning in the fourth quarter in Denver and beginning in Houston towards the end of the year and into the first part of the year, and then Chicago by spring of 2015, looking at rebanking those 3 hubs. What it will do is it makes -- what it does is it reduces the connection time, and the opportunity to drive more connections at a higher yield than what you're already seeing today. So yes, we do really well in the connecting business today, but we think it's an opportunity to drive it even higher as we tighten those things up and driving more connecting opportunities for our customers.
James E. Compton: Joe, yes, the Pacific performed better than our expectation in the second quarter, so we're pleased with the progress that we're making on our Pacific initiative. But it kind of falls -- it falls into 4 categories. Restructuring our Narita flying, working with our ANA -- with our JV partner, ANA, to do that. Which means, for instance, in March 2014, we no -- we suspended flying Narita to Bangkok and are now connecting that traffic that we carry over the trans-Pacific, over ANA, to Bangkok. The tech ops team, the maintenance team invested in a great program in the reliability of 747. Last year, we talked about that. The second quarter was the beginning of the repositioning of those 747s, and allowing those airplanes to fly the missions that, from a network perspective, from a revenue perspective, they want to fly. That has a lot -- in addition, our secondary Asian city strategy really is exceeding our expectations in new routes from San Fran to Taipei and Chengdu are exceeding our expectations, is that third prong of the strategy. And then the last one is rightsizing the missions with the 787. We used to fly San Francisco to Osaka on a larger airplane, it's now on the 787 and the economics are significantly better, as an example of the flexibility of our fleet that we have as we take deliveries of 787s to optimize the network going forward. So in the context of the competitive pressure that you talked about, we're actually -- we're building on the great footprint we have in the Pacific, and the uniqueness that we can bring to the market allows us to manage against that pressure that we see as the capacity, particularly into China, accelerates through the rest of this year.
James E. Compton: And we are seeing increase in Latin -- in our investor update we actually talked about over the next several weeks, we're booked up about 4.5 points in the Latin America division. And so we're confident with our capacity growth in the market. We're seeing strong growth looking forward in the leisure beach destinations, as well as into Mexico -- the business markets. And I will tell you that a lot is driven by the Houston hub. It's a great connecting point, it's a great facility as a gateway into Latin America. So as we -- again, as we face competitive pressures, we'll monitor what's happening in the marketplace and make sure that we keep capacity in line with the demand. But we're really confident where we're at and the results that we're seeing in Latin America right now.
James E. Compton: Obviously, we compete amidst many carriers across our system. And we think that we have a terrific product, it is a different product than the ultra-low-cost carrier product. And we view that as we build our operational reliability, as we improve on the predictability of product that we have in the marketplace, we're well-positioned to compete, really, against anybody, including Frontier.
James E. Compton: Ted, this is Jim. The first question on Chengdu. Relative to our expectation, what we're really pleased with is the point of sale out of China exceeding our expectations. And so that's where we've seen most of the upside versus what our initial forecast said. So we're looking forward to that continuing. We work really closely with the officials in Chengdu and have developed great relationships, and we're seeing the fruit of that bear out. But again, like any route, we'll monitor capacity and demand. And if the demand is there to warrant increase in frequency, we clearly have the opportunity again. And I'll go back to the 787, it's really a terrific airplane that allows us to do many things in the Pacific and across our network. So we'll continue, like we do in every market, monitor the capacity and demand and react to that appropriately.
James E. Compton: That's exactly right. I mean, China is a market that -- is an economy that continues to grow at a very strong pace. And there are many opportunities in China that you can develop markets with, particularly with that 787.
