Emily Zanetis: Thanks, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assess the Q&A. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Emily Zanetis: Thanks, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. [Operator Instructions] Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Emily Zanetis: Thanks for joining the call today. Please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Gerald Laderman: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. For the first quarter of 2022, we reported a pretax loss and an adjusted pretax loss of around $1.8 billion. Our CASM-ex ended the quarter in line with the guidance we provided last month at up 18% versus first quarter 2019. Looking ahead, even with the elevated fuel prices, which we expect to persist for a while, right now, we are seeing our revenue more than cover the increased fuel cost and as a result, we expect to achieve meaningful pretax income in the second quarter. Furthermore, based on our current revenue expectations, we also expect to produce a pretax profit for the full-year 2022. We currently expect our CASM-ex to be up around 16% in the second quarter on capacity down around 13% both versus the second quarter of 2019. We also expect that our unit costs will continue to sequentially improve over the remaining quarters of 2022 as the 52 grounded 777 aircraft returned to normal service, we start to take delivery of additional large narrow-body aircraft and our aircraft utilization increases. We believe these capacity levers will drive a step function change in CASM-ex through 2022 as the relationship between our capacity growth and CASM-ex improvement continues to meet our expectations. Our team has done a tremendous job managing all the costs under our control, and we expect that focus to continue. However the impact of continuing elevated inflation and the exact timing of the 777 return to service generally makes precise forecasting difficult. Nonetheless, we are confident that our CASM-ex exit rate for the year will set us up well for 2023 and beyond. Turning to fleet. As you know, new aircraft deliveries constitute the vast majority of our capital expenditures. We are reducing our adjusted CapEx expectations for the year by approximately $600 million to $5.3 billion as a result of supply chain and manufacturing challenges pushing some of our expected 787 and 737 MAX deliveries from this year to next year. While it is difficult to say with precision how many aircraft may fly, right now we are assuming two of eight 787s and seven of 53 737 MAXs will slip to 2023. Those aircraft will join the 737 MAX 8, 9 and 10 as well as Airbus A321neos we expect to take delivery of next year. Bringing into our fleet the aircraft we have on order is critical to the success of United Next and to our ability to continue to bring meaningful improvements in both CASM-ex and fuel efficiency. Turning to balance sheet and cash. We ended the quarter with $20 billion in available liquidity. Our Treasurer, Pam Henry, and I regularly discuss our optimal level of cash. Now keep in mind, we have both been around the industry for a long time, so it is difficult for us to think in terms of too much cash. However it is fair to say that as the recovery continues, you will see us reduce our cash as we begin the deleveraging journey. In fact, we started this journey in the first quarter as we elected to prepay an unsecured maturity previously scheduled for repayment later this year, in addition to making our normally scheduled principal payments. This resulted in our total debt declining by over $700 million during the quarter. Furthermore, in the first quarter, United produced $1.5 billion of cash flow from operations driven largely by an over $2 billion increase in our advanced ticket liability. We're pleased that our operating cash generation is approaching 2019 levels as an additional indication of the recovery's progress. I want to close by reiterating our confidence in our 2023 and 2026 earnings targets. We remain committed to achieving an adjusted pretax margin of approximately 9% next year and continue to have confidence in our 2026 target of about 14%, representing profitability well above 2019 levels. As we move into the second quarter, I want to thank my finance team for their dedication to remaining nimble and focused on our long-term goals. Our profitability outlook for both the second quarter and full-year is a welcome milestone for all of us as we redouble our focus on United's path ahead. Looking even further ahead, since Scott mentioned my newborn grandson Ezra, I can tell you that I am now more focused than ever to ensure that when Ezra grows up, he will recognize United as the airline people want to fly and where employees are proud to work and perhaps, most importantly, for his generation, the airline that has met all of its commitments to the environment. And with that, I'll pass it to Emily to start the Q&A.
Gerald Laderman: Yes, just to give you a little bit more comfort, so in a world where what we're seeing continues for a while, this sort of high single-digit inflation, that really only translates to a couple of percent on CASM-ex. And as Scott said, revenue is more than making up for that. So you're not going to see dramatically different numbers on CASM-ex. But everything we're seeing makes us very comfortable that those margin targets are going to be achieved.
Gerald Laderman: Yes, so we can't be specific because we don't know exactly when the first MAX 10 delivery will be, and that then dictates how many. But we never had a plan to take all of next year's deliveries as MAX 10. In fact, it was less than half of the deliveries for next year. And so we'll wait and see, I am confident we'll get the MAX 10 but you should talk to Boeing about the exact timing of when that first MAX 10 will be delivered. In the -- but in terms of flexibility, they are producing plenty of MAX 8 to 9s for us. And so there can always be a little bit of a shift in timing of when 9s or 8s are delivered versus 10. But we're comfortable we're going to take 8s, 9s, and 10s next year.
Gerald Laderman: Jamie, two things. One, this will be a great conversation for you and I to continue next week at the Wings Club launch. So I invite people to attend that. The other thing is, look, I was there, then you're right, and I saw what was happening. And this isn't -- just say, this has been going on now for several years here. The same exact kind of focus everywhere in the business. One example are the aircraft, not just the incredible new MAXs. We're taking with the most customer-pleasing interiors in the industry. But the fact that we're retrofitting all of the older aircraft, it's for our customers, but it's also for our crews. It's a place they're proud to work. And it shows, so just a lot of similarities. I'm sure the same thing happened with Delta that 15 years ago. I wasn't there then from the outside, but yes, it's just very, very similar.
Gerald Laderman: Sure, Mike. First, let me point out that the dislocation in that. Market has moderated. It's different in crack spread two weeks ago was measured in dollars. Now it can be measured in cents at least. It is still elevated as you compare New York to Gulf Coast, let's say. And so we -- yes, we do have a number of options. One is the pipeline, we also can resort as needed to tankering. And so we're comfortable with our exposure. And with the problem sort of going away, that is helpful.
Gerald Laderman: Well, first, I don't view actually our floating rate exposure as all that high, relatively speaking. The vast majority of our debt is fixed rate aircraft-related debt. So that's really not something we're particularly concerned about. And floating rate, the LIBOR is still at a relatively low level. So the floating rate, that's still perfectly attractive. Of course, the good part of floating rate debt is it's generally pre-payable without premium. So it is there to prepay, generally, not all of it right now, but a lot of it is. So that's not -- the current debt is not a concern. Obviously, as we move ahead into a higher interest rate environment, that may -- that will be factored in as to kind of how we manage the balance sheet.
Gerald Laderman: Yes, as we said, the capacity for this year is going to be driven largely by the timing of 777. So it will obviously improve over the course of the year. It's tough to put a precise number to it, as I said. What we do know though, is that the 777s in particular as well as the large narrow-bodies are all going to greatly benefit CASM, which is why we're comfortable that we will get to where we want to be by the end of the year on CASM.
Gerald Laderman: Sure, yes, as you can expect, we are in regular communication with Boeing. They've been very good about keeping us informed on the time line for the certification for the MAX 10, which is why I said earlier I am confident that the MAX 10 will get certified and we'll fly it next year.
Gerald Laderman: They are definitely up. I'm sure all of our customers realize when they pass by a gas station out there that the price of fuel is dramatically higher. And therefore, our largest -- really our second largest cost component is dramatically higher at United. So leisure yields, along with business yields, are running ahead. Business yields already pointed out were 10% ahead of 2019 at this point as we look into the second quarter, and leisure yields are above that at this point as we look into the second quarter.
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Savi. It's Andrew. When we developed the United Next plan a while ago, we assumed that there would be a much smaller contribution of regional flying in the plan, and we're marching down that road. It is more accelerated than we planned, but it is kind of where we thought this was going a while ago. So I think we're fine with that. And I think we are rejigging the network is probably the best term to make sure that we can generate the appropriate level of revenues with this new service level in the smaller communities. And I think our outlook for Q2 says we're actually doing that really well. And so our reliance on regional jets is going to be dramatically lower in the future. That being said, we still plan to operate close to 300 of these aircrafts, most of them being large regional jets in the future, along with our CRJ-550s, and so we have a spot at United flying to smaller communities because that is the right aircraft but just a lot less than what it used to be.
Andrew Nocella: I think we're going to see -- I think one of the most important things I said earlier was the RASM from business travel as actually approaching and will be [100% of] (ph) 2019. So we now view business traffic as almost fully returned, particularly given the level of capacity that we’re all seeing in the marketplace. As we exit the summer, we will rely on more on business traffic and we have a high degree of confidence that, that's just going to be perfectly fine, and we're going to continue to accelerate as we go through the fourth quarter with October being an incredibly strong business month given where we see business trends today. So we're very bullish on business. And again, it's nice to see after all of the debate about how much would come back and when it would come back that we are approaching 100% from a revenue recovery. And we have a long way to go because the offices have not fully returned yet. Everybody is still not in their office. So we think there's actually more upside there than maybe a lot of people thought just a few months ago.
Andrew Nocella: Good question. I don't have that number off the top of my head. But I can tell you, there are parts of Asia that are rebounding pretty rapidly, including Australia and Asia, and Korea is obviously in Asia. But Japan and China have not. But what I will tell you is that our cargo strength in that direction is incredibly strong. So from a TRASM point of view, relative to 2019, compared to other regions of the world, it is behind the other regions of the world but maybe less than you would otherwise think.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. I think there's a little bit less room in the bellies when there's a lot of luggage on board. So there is an offset. And some of the airplanes go to places that don't have strong cargo demand, but have strong passenger demand. However, that's offset by the fact that there's 52 777s, which are gigantic cargo machines, that are not flying. So those 52 aircraft are going to add, as Scott said, over the next nine months, reenter service, providing a lot more overall belly capacity. So that's my view on that. Should we expect yields which are at record highs for cargo to start to moderate a bit? Absolutely. And we have that in our outlook and still feel really good about where we're going because of the belly capacity of the 777 coming back online from a total revenue perspective.
Andrew Nocella: Helane, we're seeing an increase in everything. So in the MileagePlus front, we're doing record card acquisitions, record card spend, and our retention rate for the card is better than it's ever been. So it's just -- we're firing on all cylinders at this point, and MileagePlus is doing a great job of contributing these results.
Andrew Nocella: That's correct because capacity is down a little bit. Yields are up for that component of traffic 10% and volume is down about 20% right now. So it's all mathematically getting as close to 100.
Andrew Nocella: Well, it is ramping up. So what I would tell you is in the current quarter, the business cabins are filled more with premium leisure business than traditional corporate business. The corporate business bookings across the Atlantic have largely returned to normal. So as we get into the summer, we do expect particularly going across the Atlantic, really decent business traffic relative to 2019 with revenue again at 100% or greater. The same is true in Latin America. It is a smaller business component than Europe. The same is not true for Asia, where we really haven't seen a meaningful recovery in business traffic at this point to the bulk of our Asian network.
Scott Kirby: Okay. I'll start, and Gerry or Andrew can add. The biggest issue that we have well, first on capacity is we don't have a labor shortage. We've hired 6,000 people this year. We're hiring 200 pilots a month. That's not an issue for us. The biggest issue is 777. That's 10% of our capacity, and they're grounded. The other issue is just we're realizing that the whole infrastructure is not set up to snap back to these rapid growth rates. I mean it's not just us. It's the FAA, TSA, fuel vendors. There's all -- even if we have enough people, which we do, all of those constraints get in the way of a reliable schedule. And we're just not willing -- we made so much progress with customers during the pandemic and really building the United brand. I think that's going to be the most enduring change that we're not willing to sacrifice that customer goodwill for the possibility of short-term profits. And so -- and month-to-date, we're number one in on-time performance, number one in completion factor. So it's paying off for our customers. The pilot shortage, I'll to give you some numbers. So we did a deep dive on pilots because we're trying -- all of our regionals weren't able to hire and are having problems. And I think we've got 150 airplanes grounded right now. They're never going to come back, I assume. And so we did a really deep dive on it. It turns out that the industry over historically produces between 5,000 and 7,000 pilots a year, mostly closer to 5,000, but can produce up to 7,000 pilots per year, got a little lower during COVID. This year, the industry's intent is to hire 13,000 pilots. And given the growth aspirations of other airlines, it's even more next year. But there are only 5,000 to 7,000 available. That was an epiphany for us. And by the way, that probably can't be fixed quick put. You could set up flight schools to get people to $25 you get their first license pretty easily. But they got to get from 25 hours to 1,500 hours, and that just doesn't exist today. So in that 5,000 to 7,000, like over a few years, that 7,000 could probably go up. I don't think it's getting to 13,000 anytime in the next five or six years. When you look at that 5,000, if it's a 5,000, United Airlines is literally going to hire half of them. Half of them are to United Airlines. So this is, I think, underappreciated factor, and it's just not quick to fix.
Scott Kirby: Not yet. We're focused on getting to where we can hire 200 pilots a month and successfully get them all through the training. All the upgrade is happening I've watched this -- this is pretty in the leads. But if you read some of the blogs and what some of the other pilots here are saying, see a lot of struggle. It's not easy to upgrade to build -- to go from steady state kind of hiring to a step marks increase. And it's not just growth. There's so many retirements that have been going through COVID. that everyone sort of has a step function increase. And it's amazing to read some of the stuff about the constraints that are happening to the other airlines.. We've gotten ahead of it. We had some bumps by the way. We had some things where we were behind and had some bumps, but our team has gotten ahead of it and feel really good that we're going to hit the -- we can get the 200 pilots a month. But we've also learned a lot about having to meter it in. Like take the 777. We're going to go overnight from -- for 42 airplanes that are -- or 44 airplanes that are flying to 96. So we're going to more than double the fleet. Earlier, we thought we would ramp that in really quickly. We would not realize that's going to take time. This is part of the CASM timing issue. Like we're probably even if we get them done into this month, it will probably be nine months before we get all of them flying. It's just going to take longer because the systems are just not set up to do it. And that's okay because it's just a timing issue. But we feel really good about our ability to hire. And I want to make sure we're executing solidly before we decide to go any faster. But I think it is a strategic advantage for United, in particular, we're the best place. If you're a pilot like we are the best place to go. There's some other good ones and there are some that aren't good. I think it is a strategic advantage because it will be a shortage. It is a shortage.
Scott Kirby: I'll add another point, which is this is going to be a record quarter for United. What we didn't talk about was Q2 of '19 was a record quarter for United. And I think that's really relevant. The momentum is incredible, and it's incredible off of an unbelievably great quarter in our history and one of the best ones ever. So...
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll start with demand destruction. I don't think we're anywhere close to that, and I'll first give you a micro view, then a macro view. We're just getting back on real dollar basis to where we were before the pandemic. Air travel remains a great value, a great bargain. I bet many of you when you go on vacation pay more for one night at your hotel or pay more for your rental car or, in some cases, pay more for your Uber or taxi to get to the airport than you do for your airfare. Air travel remains a great bargain. I don't think we're anywhere close to the demand destruction point of the curve. Another macro way to think about this is we're just now getting back to 2019 levels of revenue. But nominal GDP has grown by 16% since 2019. And normally, we track nominal GDP. And so from a macro level, I kind of look at it and think -- there's another 16% -- arguably, there's another 16% to go. And we got results that are strong as they are today. We got that. If you look at a micro level, business demand, not back yet, international coming back. Like all that makes sense that, I don't know if it's exactly 16%, but you would think that there is a pretty good way to go on the revenue recovery yet. So yes, I think travel is -- I think this is the first inning of the revenue, first real inning of the revenue in TRASM turnaround.
Scott Kirby: I don't think we -- no, it's a short answer. It's certainly not something we would be able to discern in data.
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll give you my opinion, just opinion, and others can have different opinions. But I think you've almost answered the question. The answer to the question is I think there has been a structural change. And I'll go back one step like no one knows for sure. But no one has gotten the pandemic more right than United Airlines from the very beginning. I mean two years ago at this time, we weren't just a minority when we said business travel would come back in this entirety. We were a minority of one. Nobody thought that, and now we're going to do it this quarter and what I think is true. I've certainly personally experienced, talked to enough people is that once people get back traveling, you realize how much you've missed it and took it for granted before. It's not pent-up demand. It's a new higher level of travel. I am going to -- I'm certain confidently for the rest of my life, travel more, both on personal or family and vacations and things and on business. And I think there are a lot of people like that. Losing it for two years or for a year or however long people lost it, we are social creatures. We need to be with each other. We are more productive when we're together at a conference or when we're at dinner with a customer or a client than when we're doing a simple transaction on Zoom and the kids are talking in the background and you're reading your iPhone. It's just not the same. And once you get back traveling, people realize it's even more important. And we got a lot of -- we see it in our corporate accounts. They're kind of flatlined doing nothing, then they start traveling and they zoom past where they were. Look I think that's what's going to happen. You don't have to believe that to buy United Airlines stock or airline stocks because we're still 16% behind the trend line of where we were on GDP. I happen to believe that we are going to surpass, on a permanent sustainable basis, where we were before. But that's just one guy's opinion.
Scott Kirby: We spent a lot of time talking to the small communities, and it's been really frustrating that many of these communities have left the United network. That doesn't mean they've lost all of their service in particular, so that's important to note. But I do think it's going to be a number of years before this can possibly change. And in the meantime, the smaller communities can expect a different level of service on much smaller aircraft is my expectation based on what I've been seeing in the industry to date. Even that's going to take time to spool up. So this is -- it's as frustrating for United as it is for those small communities, but this is where we are, and we're doing our best to maintain service to as many of them as we possibly can. But it's just -- we really are stretched. We're flying dramatically fewer regional jets today than we were in 2019. And we don't expect that to improve at all in the next few years.
Scott Kirby: We are not seeing that. And in fact, was -- got really good news yesterday. For the first time in a long time, we have zero employees hospitalized for any complications from COVID, which is great, something we track closely what's happening and zero. So quite the opposite of what we're seeing.
Scott Kirby: Sure, I'll try to stay calm when I do this Newark answer. I mean, frankly, it's outrageous what's being allowed to happen at Newark. It is -- the airport has the theoretical capacity to fly 79 operations per hour. That's what the FAA says. That's in perfect conditions, which are rare at Newark. It is -- it was the most delayed airport in the country in 2016, again, in 2017, again in 2018, again in 2019. And the FAA has rules that limit the airport to 79 operations per hour, and they are letting airlines violate those rules. And they're just -- I don't know, it's unheard of behavior for me for the FAA to just let people break, brazenly break the rules. The two biggest offenders are Spirit Airlines and JetBlue. Spirit Airlines and JetBlue are paying the biggest price. Their customers -- I mean, it's a disaster for their customers because they're flying more flights in the airport can handle. They've canceled over 20% of their flights, one in five flights canceled, canceled, not delayed, canceled at Newark so far this month. I mean it's awful for their employees. It's awful for their customers. Unfortunately, our employees and our customers are collateral damage to that. It is time for the FAA to enforce their own rules. It's bad for consumers. It's terrible for consumers, what is being allowed to happen at Newark, it's simply time for the FAA to enforce the rules.
Scott Kirby: Well, customer should book on United because our -- as bad is -- while it's tough for us, our results are a whole lot better, and our team is doing a great job of taking care of customers. If you're going to fly out of Newark, I'd certainly encourage you to book on United.
