Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director: Thank you, Brendon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and investor update and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. Number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-Q, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor updates, copies of which are available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are President and CEO, Oscar Munoz; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; and Senior Vice President of Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. We also have Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President, Greg Hart in the room to assist with Q&A. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director: Thank you, Oscar. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question; and if needed, one follow-up question. Operator, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director: And thanks to all of you for joining the call today. Please call Investor Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
James E. Compton: Thanks, Oscar. As you can see on slide six through the first quarter, our consolidated unit revenue declined 7.4%. The four primary drivers we identified at the beginning of the quarter impacted our PRASM performance in line with initial expectations. In addition, while we had anticipated that the timing of Easter would have some impact on close-in business travel, it proved to be greater than we had expected. While we have seen total bookings return to pre-Easter levels, we are closely monitoring the mix of business and leisure bookings. Turning to the second quarter: We expect our passenger unit revenue to decline approximately 6.5% to 8.5% year-over-year with domestic PRASM expected to be down approximately 3.5% to 5.5% and international PRASM expected to be down approximately 11% to 13%. While the primary drivers of this decline are consistent with the first quarter, we are beginning to lapse some of the effects from last year, somewhat muting the impact on a year-over-year basis. For the consolidated system, we expect the strong dollar, lower surcharges, the Houston and energy market weakness and competitive pressures to drive approximately 3.25 points of softness. While these drivers explain a portion of the unit revenue decline, they don't capture all of it. As can be seen on slide seven, the remaining headwinds unit revenue is largely driven by passenger demand, using GDP as a proxy, not keeping pace with capacity. Like any supply versus demand relationship, this is creating downward pressure on pricing. This is particularly evident in the international markets where United is more exposed than any other U.S. carrier. While United has consistently grown at/or below the rate of GDP, this dynamic is creating a unit revenue headwind to United of approximately 2.5 points. Turning to slide eight; we are taking specific actions in each market to improve our unit revenue performance in this environment with a focus on maximizing near-term profitability while also positioning ourselves for longer term success. In the domestic market, this includes redirecting capacity to capitalize and changing demand patterns, introducing entry level fares to increase segmentation and reduce dilution; launching marketing and sales initiatives that leverage our improving reliability and further rolling out two-cabin service in top business market. We expect that these actions, along with improving reliability and customer satisfaction, will drive domestic unit revenue to be flat to positive in the fourth quarter. With respect to the international markets, we expect Latin PRASM to turn positive by the fourth quarter, benefiting from reduced Brazil flying. While we are currently experiencing softness in the Atlantic due to recent events, we see strong summer bookings and expect to get close to flat PRASM by the fourth quarter. Unit revenue recovery in the Pacific will take more time. And surcharges and a strong U.S. Dollar continued to impact our performance. In spite of this, we are very optimistic that the Pacific entity, one of our true competitive differentiators, will see sequential quarter-over-quarter improvement this year despite continued pressure from industry growth, which is not uncommon in developing high opportunity markets like China. We are also prepared to reduce overall capacity where appropriate. We have made some targeted reductions to our schedule, pulling down flying in Houston, Brazil, and the Middle East. And as you can see on slide nine, we now expect our 2016 capacity to grow 1% to 2%, a half a point reduction from our previous full year of capacity guidance. In conclusion, during the first quarter, we continued to generate high levels of profitability, despite the unit revenue pressures we experienced across our system. We are taking very deliberate actions within our network and we'll continue to adjust our flying with a goal to maximize long-term profitability and return to positive unit revenues. With that, I'll turn it over to Gerry.
James E. Compton: Hey David, this is Jim. The way I think on the international side is clearly depending on the regions of the world, take China, for instance, where passenger demand is growing at a fast pace even in that high capacity. So we believe that over the long-term that capacity and demand will come in line. What we're excited about is our uniqueness as to how we're participating in China. It's unique in the sense that as Oscar mentioned two new secondary cities in China; that growth that I mentioned out of China, half of that will come from secondary cities. It's the fleet that we have and the flexibility of the 787, it's really allowing us to play in that market at a fairly early stage in a very profitable entity that runs at a high profitability. Quite frankly, at a profitability that's no different than our domestic. So we believe that as demand catches up to the capacity level out there, we will be able to close that year-over-year RASM. And I mentioned in my comments we actually see closing much of that during the year as we move to the fourth quarter.
James E. Compton: Hi, Joseph, we're targeting second half of the year. So no change to our timeline that we talked about and very excited about and yes, it's a piece – it's one of the initiatives that as I described in my comments of how we're very much focused on moving PRASM to flatten upward and that is a big piece of it. The concept of it is to allow us to compete more effectively with low cost carriers. And the second piece of it, it will allow us to move some of the dilution that happens in the marketplace given the fare structure we have today. So, yes, absolutely that's part of our path to that flat deposited PRASM in the fourth quarter.
James E. Compton: And the only thing that I would add is on the 737s, keep in mind, we had a real problem. There is a regional pilot shortage that compelled us to deal with the significant reduction in 50-seat flying. And when we did our analysis to say, okay, what should replace that looking in the new and the used market, we took some used aircraft, as many as made economic sense. In the new aircraft market, we looked at all of the available options. They are all good aircraft, but the lowest cost choice for us is the 737 and 700.
James E. Compton: Hey, Helane. This is Jim. You're right. Seasonally, our first quarter is our more difficult quarter. And we are working hard in terms of that sequential RASM to improve that. I do want to emphasize the international exposure. The domestic RASM from the first quarter to the second quarter does, with our guidance, show a sequential improvement. So we are focused very much so on that international side in particular and we've made some capacity adjustments. That's part of our guidance down to 1% to 2% capacity guidance. That half point drop from our previous guidance is all international. So one is to react to the market out there on the international side, and to make sure that our capacity moves more in line with demand. As we move through, particularly it's still the second quarter, a shoulder period, for instance, in Trans-Atlantic. We see strong bookings in the summertime for Trans-Atlantic that will help with that sequential RASM as we move through the year. We've made initiatives in Latin America that beginning in the second quarter our capacity through the rest of the year is basically flat after doing seasonally adjusted capacities to capture demand in each markets, for instance, that drove our capacity up, very strong margins, but that put pressure on RASM. So our focus is on that international side, the initiatives to move capacity to right places as well as to drive the initiatives. And in addition, the great work by the operations team and reliability, given that work, we're beginning to see already in our hubs, signs of our share beginning to improve. And we think that will continue and spread and drive that RASM as we go through the year.
James E. Compton: Hey, Helane, I will just add to that as we shift to the mainline, remember, it creates revenue opportunity. Those 50-seaters don't have economy, plus they don't have a first-class cabin. And we continue to see great up-sell in the first-class cabin as well as strong economy plus sales.
James E. Compton: Hey, Dan. Thanks for the question. I think the Pacific is quite frankly the biggest sequential driver on unit revenue impact to us. And as I mentioned, we will – as I mentioned some of the capacity reduction, actually all of that half a point reduction in guidance is on the international. So, we will stay really focused on the demand environment relative to the capacity we have. I will say about the Pacific, it's also impacted but we'll start to lap some of the foreign exchange and the surcharge impact is most dramatic in the Pacific. So, we'll lap some of that. So, we believe even in that entity that we will continue to close – move towards flat RASM in the Pacific as we move through the year. The Pacific, as I mentioned, even the markets we're adding, Oscar mentioned two of the secondary cities, but you think of San Fran to Singapore, very unique and innovative for us. It's the first non-stop market to the U.S. just from Singapore. San Fran-Auckland building on our relationship and growing our relationship with Air New Zealand. San Fran-Tel Aviv that we launched on March 30 is off to a great start, connecting two high-tech communities and seeing great bookings there. So, all of those would say that uniqueness of our expansion we think serves us well and comes at a high level of profitability. All that being said, we've been consistent. We'll keep track of capacity and demand and make sure that we're keeping them in line, but also remembering that the international is also a longer term play that we're really excited about.
James E. Compton: Yeah, Dan, we recently signed an enhanced agreement with them that quite frankly builds a relationship over a longer number of years. I want to be clear; it's based in the concept of the alliance world. It's not a JV world. China is not Open Skies and so it doesn't come with antitrust immunity. But we think we have a lot of ability to grow together both relationship-wise as we learn about the market from each other, both Air China learning about the U.S. market and us quite frankly learning a lot about the Chinese market. That will bring us closer together in marketing. It will bring us closer together in some sales initiatives and allows us to understand the marketplace. And we think that will enhance our connections through the market as we build not only in Beijing, but as we build in some of the secondary cities. So, we can increase the connecting opportunities that we have with Air China. We connect close to 200 a day over the Air China network in Beijing today. And we think there's upside building that relationship. So, it's – within the alliance world, we're bringing much more higher level executive attention to it. The team of senior executives will much more frequently meet with senior executives of Air China to work on those initiatives that I talked about.
James E. Compton: Thanks, Oscar. Hey, Hunter, there are structural differences between networks, and I think of them as mainly driven by geography. We clearly have two East-West Coast hubs. That by definition is going to indicate longer stage length. It's also those coastal hubs are tremendous international gateways, which is why our network is really built for strong international presence and growth over time and then international flying. Our hubs are also very business-centric markets and – which also means there's lots of competition. And I think you're referring to sea chair and so forth. That's a result of those competitions of large business-centric markets. We don't have a dominant hub. They're very competitive. And, again, the geography of the coastal hubs, large business-centric markets drives more competition. And by definition, drives more stage length. So we haven't evidence that correlates stage length directly to profitability. Stage length is somewhat a result of the geography and the strength of our hubs. And we think that hub structure works for us very well. For instance, in New York, it is the only true connecting hub in New York. And it allows – it allows us to make revenue management decisions on high yield flow traffic versus low yield connect traffic that's unique to us. All of those things will drive an actual stage length.
James E. Compton: Yeah, Hunter, I think it's way too early for anyone, particularly me, to answer that question. And so stand by. I understand your viewpoint, I understand the market's reaction. I understand the situation we're in. And that's what I'm here to do. And that's what we'll get at very quickly.
James E. Compton: Hey, Julie. You know, as we look at the demand environment in the second quarters, from a business travel point of view, we saw softness in margin that continued into April. We do see signs kind of mid-May and into June, positive signs that would point to strengthening in yield as we get up closer to that time. It's a little bit early on the business traffic, the window. But we are yield there right now. We feel pretty good that we see some demand picking up as we move towards the summer, beginning in mid-May. I would emphasize corporate is still a little bit soft. We saw our corporate portfolio in the first quarter down 3%. We took out energy, it's down about 2%. So, the energy sector is impacting us. We expect that to continue through the second quarter, given where oil prices are. So, the corporate sector – the energy sector as well as the overall Houston hub will continue to put pressure on us. So we see good demand, we see strong demand, but quite frankly it's at lower yields. And then I think, I'll point to the slide I showed in the presentation and we do have some supply and demand dynamics affecting in diluting yields, as we think about the near-term. And I'll close it that we see demand picking up kind of mid-May, June with some signs of stronger yields.
James E. Compton: Yeah, Julie, I think the recent events and the tragedy in Brussels has impacted bookings. What we generally see is a slowdown in bookings after events like that. Those begin to pick back up, but quite frankly you lose days, even weeks of the booking curve. And that's impacting the second quarter, which is why, in the Trans-Atlantic as you move towards the summer period, that booking curve still has plenty of time to fill up and we see that demand. So, I tie it more to the recent events that, particularly in Brussels, that is affecting the overall travel to the Trans-Atlantic.
James E. Compton: Hey, Duane. Yeah. This is Jim. As I said on domestic, we expect given our initiatives improved reliability. We're seeing that translate into some of the highest customer – the highest customer satisfaction scores that we've seen. And as we build on that momentum, coupled with the initiatives, I talked about entry level fare initiatives that comes in the second half of the month. The ability to upsell into first class as we put more two-cabin aircraft into the domestic system. And other marketing initiatives that will leverage that reliability that we're seeing in our system. We think those initiatives put us on a path to flat to positive PRASM in the consolidated domestic system in the fourth quarter. In the Latin, we also believe we have a path to progression to hit the Latin America PRASM by the fourth quarter as well as in the Trans-Atlantic. The one area that will probably lag it because of things that are particularly the strong dollar, the RMB, the Chinese currency, is relative – the dollar relative strength to that currency has a longer tail to it, lack of better words, than what we saw with the yen and the euro. So, we think Pacific will take a little bit longer to get to flat PRASM by the fourth quarter. But we're really excited about it. And we have a good path to it. We understand the importance of PRASM. And what it means to drive in top line revenue and the team is very much focused on it.
James E. Compton: I put it kind of consolidated closer to flat. Again, the domestic we think we have a path from flat to positive. The other international entities, given the capacity growth were closer to flat, so you weight those together. I would want to call it consolidated positive at this point.
James E. Compton: Hi, Darryl, this is Jim. We don't. And, you know, the marketplace will obviously – will determine that. Again, our big concern in a highly congested, most congested air space is we – is the risk of a more congested air space. And so, what that would mean for our customers. In terms of what the market dynamics or what the results – we just don't have a sense of that right now.
James E. Compton: Hey, Jack. This is Jim. We're really confident on our timeline. The IT team here is very focused. It's a very collaborative process. Quite frankly, it's collaborative with our operations team, because we want to make sure that across the enterprise, the understanding of what the customer is purchasing and what their expectations are for that product are really clear. So, we're really confident on the timeline, and I don't see any gates or as you mentioned in our way. There is a huge collaboration going on, and IT is right behind us with it.
James E. Compton: Sure. Hedging is just one tool that can help provide better certainty, as we try to achieve our business plan. It's no longer for us a hedging of near-term volatility. That's a very expensive insurance policy. We can just self-insure that risk. So, it's just one tool. There are a number of factors that we'll look at, including our net exposure to fuel. One of the benefits of the Houston hub works in the other way. As fuel prices rise, there's a correlation on revenue, particularly in Houston. So, it will be that net exposure that we would focus on. The competitive landscape, what others are doing that could impact the industry and the overall economic environment. So, we'll be thoughtful about our hedging. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have not done any hedging since last summer. And while there's been some volatility in fuel recently, from a historical perspective, it's still a very low fuel environment.
James E. Compton: Sure, Savi. Let me talk about leasing first. I would absolutely love to lease some of these aircraft. But it's got to make economic sense. There are a number of factors, let me give you three. One is just the cost of money, cost of debt. As you know, we can finance – debt finance aircraft at a very low cost. That creates a high hurdle for the leasing companies to overcome. And historically they haven't been able to do that. They are better able to today to pass through their lower cost of funds to us. But that's one factor. Probably the bigger one is residual value. You need to make leasing work in situation where the leasing company is going to be more optimistic on residual value than we are. And then sort of tenure, think of it like buying an automobile. If you're going to trade in your automobile every two years or three years, leasing might make sense. If you're going to keep that auto through its useful life, leasing becomes very expensive. So, when we look at these aircraft – these are largely core aircraft that we expect to keep, very long-term, 25 years, 30 years and leasing can get expensive. But, that's not to say that leasing can't work. And like we've done historically, we will continue to look at leasing opportunities and see if we can make anything work in that space. But that's one of the reasons why when we talk about free cash flow and capital allocation, I look at adjusted free cash flow. So, for me, I'm going to adjust for the financing. So, whether it's a lease or whether we use [ETCs] or other debt financing, that's going to drive the availability of liquidity that we can use in our capital allocation program, where top priority is still going to be returning cash to shareholders. And as we continue to have strong earnings, we would continue with that program.
James E. Compton: This is Jim. I would just add that reliability that we're seeing and the great progress in that area, we actually are seeing in our hubs our share growing and taking hold the beginnings of that. And when I talk about moving towards flat deposit RASM by the fourth quarter domestic, again a piece of that is the momentum that we're capturing there. So, it's hard to put a timeline on net revenue as Oscar referred to that earlier. But we're seeing signs in our hubs in that share. We want to obviously expand that some of those old cities and get some traction there. But we're really confident with the reliability and the initiatives we have out there. That's part of our success in moving towards flat to positive.
Gerald Laderman: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. A summary of our financial performance for the quarter can be seen on slide 11. Our net income declined by approximately $200 million year-over-year as this quarter was the first quarter in a number of years in which we booked significant federal taxes. Pre-tax earnings improved by approximately $100 million due to lower oil prices, partially offset by lower revenue and higher non-fuel expense. Our pre-tax margin was 8.4%, a meaningful improvement compared to last year. More significantly when adjusted for taxes, our earnings per share of $1.23 increased 28% versus last year. Details on our fuel expense which decreased by almost $700 million year-over-year are shown on slide 12. This decrease was driven by lower fuel prices, improved fuel efficiency and reduced hedge losses. Looking forward what we have not added to our hedge book since July of 2015, we're still 12% hedged for the remaining nine months of 2016 and as of yesterday are in a loss position of approximately $80 million including premium expense. Moving to slide 13, non-fuel unit costs for the quarter grew 1.3% when excluding special charges, profit sharing and third-party expenses. We continue to manage our costs to improve the efficiency and cost structure of the airline. For the second quarter, we expect non-fuel unit costs to grow 2.5% to 3.5%; and for the full year, we now expect unit costs to grow 2% to 3%. This guidance includes the benefit of annual efficiency savings initiatives totaling over $1.1 billion. These savings initiatives were achieved a full year in advance of our initial expectations and are providing over $100 million more in sustainable savings than our original goal. Our guidance also includes the impact of the three recently ratified labor agreements. We expect the newly ratified IAM agreement to have a marginal impact on 2016 expenses. For 2017, we expect the impact of the three contracts to be approximately three-quarters of a point of CASM. Based on the guidance we have provided for cost and revenue, we expect our pre-tax margin to be between 13% and 15% for the second quarter. With respect to cash, in the first quarter, we generated approximately $1.2 billion of operating cash flow and $376 million of free cash flow. As you can see on slide 14, during the quarter, we invested approximately $820 million in the business. We took delivery of three 787s, two 737s and one used A319. And we added six Embraer E175s to our regional fleet. We also announced additional aircraft orders for 65 Boeing 737-700 aircrafts. These aircraft will allow us to reduce the size of our 50-seat regional fleet to address the regional pilot shortage while providing customers with larger two-cabin aircraft with greater amenities. Importantly, as we transition out of 50-seat aircraft into the larger gauge mainline aircraft, we expect to begin generating structural cost benefits of up-gauging and reducing departures. During the quarter, we also announced plans to accelerate deliveries of certain wide body aircraft to facilitate the early retirement of our 747s, as the 747s' cost and complexity to operate continues to be a burden. This decision does not represent an increase to overall CapEx, capacity, or total fleet size. Our sustained cash generation over the last few quarters and the discounted value of our stock led us to repurchase $1.5 billion worth of stock in the first quarter, representing 8% of shares outstanding. Based on the progress we've made to-date and cash flow expectations for the rest of the year, we now anticipate completing our $3 billion share repurchase authorization by the end of the third quarter this year. In conclusion, we showed once again the first quarter solid cost discipline while investing in our business and returning significant cash to shareholders. Going forward, we will continue to execute on our plan to improve our financial performance and secure a strong future for our employees, customers, and shareholders. I'll now turn it back over to Oscar.
Gerald Laderman: Helane, let me address the cost piece of it. But clearly as we shift from regional to mainline, you'll see a continual drop in regional expense. Some of that, though, is going to be offset by the increased cost of the regional flying as they have – the regional airlines have their own pressures that they have to deal with, and that becomes more expensive flying. But generally with the decline of the 50-seat flying, you'll see a drop in regional expense.
Gerald Laderman: It's a combination, I think, of two things. One, as you said, the scope limitation that we dictate some of the swapping out of the CRJs for the E175s. And also timing on when the 50-seat aircraft leases expire. We try not to take an aircraft that we're still paying for. So, between the two, that would drive what you're seeing.
Gerald Laderman: We haven't. But I really want to stress the ability to drive ancillary revenue. On the firsthand, given the economy plus section that comes with that. It's a great first-class cabin. It comes with Wi-Fi. It comes with our personal device entertainment system. So, it has a lot of the attributes that customers are looking for. And it will come with increased reliability. So, we think from a customer point of view, it will drive great benefit. I think it's one of the things that Oscar mentioned on our Investor Call in June, we can highlight and kind of walk you through some specific steps on that.
Gerald Laderman: Yeah. And from the cost side, we're seeing some of that benefit already. You think about misconnects and having to deal with the cost of putting customers up at hotels and meals and whatnot and crew costs as well. So all of that, we see immediately as we run more reliable operations, but there's still more to come on that as we can gain greater efficiency in the operations. So, while we have some cost savings, we're already seeing it will increase over time.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, sir. So while I'm pleased with all of the accomplishments within the quarter, I got to say it's the future that has me and us excited. Thus, after spending time with many of you share owners over the last few months, I know there's a strong desire to learn more about certain initiatives we have underway and of course their impact on the bottom line. To that end, we'll be holding an investor call on June 21st to describe in more detail many of these initiatives and their contributions to earnings over the next several years. I look forward to that conversation. But before opening up for questions, I'd like to thank our customers for choosing United. They have a choice, and I appreciate your business. So, with that, I'll turn it over back to Jonathan.
Oscar Munoz: So, there's no mistaking that our various airlines domestically are built differently and we clearly have our own strengths and challenges. Our higher cost hubs – and structurally we are less – we are a little bit – little less reliable. But I think of it from the standpoint that we have I believe better business markets and certainly better international gateways. Those are a little bit more competitive than others. But as we think about building a playbook, our own playbook, not copying others, is I think the strategic work that we have to continue to do; and so as I think of your question, I think we have to sort of double down on three areas of strategic focus. Certainly we need to win on revenue. And it's just not markets and schedule and price but it's product and service. Execution, which we're doing a great job already. Reliability certainly; productivity, just heard Gerry talk about that in a significant way. Cost of course is included in that and then technology which we haven't talked about. We look forward to sharing some of that in June. And people always kind of wink at me when we say this but winning on trust with our employees and then speaking to them and then through to our customers and of course invariably to you as share owners. So we're still in the early innings, the momentum is building in the system across all these areas. But it's a combination of all of those, David.
Oscar Munoz: Is that a leading question, Jamie? I'm going to go with mediocrity for 200 planes. It's – I think one of the things that is important to know is that we ain't conceding anything on anyone, and so what we've been doing is flying profitably. I have watched and monitored how that works. We need to be, in my mind, a bit more disruptive in the marketplace. I think we've been standing by a little bit too much. Now, exactly what that means and how we do it thoughtfully and from a share owner, sort of value-creating perspective is the work we're beginning to do. Interestingly enough, I have a couple new board members that have a lot of knowledge and ability in that space. I will lean hard on them with that regard. But, no, it definitely has to change. Accepting the same thing constantly over and over especially in this market. There would be decreasing demand, overall global economic picture, our increase in expenses on the labor side and all those things. We have to do things differently through many, many factors. And so you will see some of that thrust here over the next few months. As far as the initiatives, some of the values of those initiatives will be there. But certainly, again, there is a lagging effect. But, no, there is no one standing by here just waiting for these things to clear up. And hopefully it will get better. We've got to take some action.
Oscar Munoz: Yeah. Well, I'll just correct one thing. I think my family here is damn energized already. So we've got a good hard step on that. How and long it will take, I don't know that I am capable at this point in time with projecting that. The way I'll see it and monitor it and present it very transparent to you – every little step we take forward, we're going to highlight for you. And how long it's going to take, it's hard to tell. We didn't get here overnight, and we're likely not to get out overnight. But I want to have initiatives that have a more immediate sort of value that you can see. I really believe in this concept of proof, not promises. Again, my history is laden with that, and that's what we're going to work through. So, again, as far as timing, Jamie, it's too early for me to tell you any specific timeframe.
Oscar Munoz: I think I will add to that real quickly. As we begin the discussion on this in earnest, certainly that's one area. But there are a lot of other factors that will, in fact, affect our network. And to optimize that network, that's the discussions we are having in earnest with regards to moving forward. So many factors there. Thank you.
Oscar Munoz: Well, I'll jump in and then let Jerry. As you think about from a network perspective, you can think of – you're right, the three-ish 50-seaters, two to three kind of in line with each of those 737s that come in to replace those. And so, we think of concepts in markets, where we're perceived neutral and where we can work with frequency and use that mainline aircraft to fill in the pattern that previously had much more higher frequency of 50-seaters. Well, you can kind of think of that two to three range in terms of that replacement.
Oscar Munoz: And just on the cost side, I would add clearly the larger aircraft is going to be more efficient on a seat cost basis and fuel efficiency as well. There will be some meaningful savings there.
Oscar Munoz: This is Oscar. I think, as far as future guidance, I just – I want to hold my powder dry a little bit until I understand it a little more thoroughly and get a lot of input from all of you as well as our team here. I think on the June call, I think, we'll be able to give you a sense. I know that's a couple months, and it gives us a little more certainty about the year. But what I don't want to do is begin to commit on these calls the things that I know the market wants. I know the optics wants to be there. We need to fly profitability. We need to fly the way we at United fly with our current network. And over some point in time, if that needs to change or adjust accordingly, we'd make those changes. But we'll make them thoughtfully with a lot and lot of research and internal analysis. And those are not sort of shooting from the hip kind of conversations that I want to have on a call. So, if you'll allow me a little more patience, now that we're getting back to work, we'll talk a little bit more about this in June. Thanks.
Oscar Munoz: Hey, Savi. This is Oscar. One thing, at least from my operational background that I think applies across any industry, as you invest to become more reliable, that investment is purely a cost one. As you get more reliable, how you reduce that cost or that safety cushion, how quickly you do it, how effectively you do it, is a key attribute that Mr. Hart will be challenged with very quickly. And, again, now, every time we do that, I mean, we've said Denver and Houston over the last couple of weeks have been massively hit. We have 700 people that are not able to come to work on a day. And so it's all those things and all of those different moving parts that you have to address. But that safety cushion is across the system will have to be managed better. And then, therefore, cost comes out. But it starts with having a reliable product. So, thank you.
