Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Brendan. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday's release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the Company's current expectations or beliefs, concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the Company. A number of factors could cause the actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our Earnings Release, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines, for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to table at the end of our release. Joining us on our today to discuss our results and outlook are, Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team online available to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Gerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed one follow-up. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks, everyone, for joining the call today. Please contact Investor and Media Relations if you have any further questions. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Scott Kirby: Thank you, Kristina, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Before I get into the details of our fourth quarter and how we’re thinking about the year ahead, I wanted to share some brief observations about the recent developments regarding the rollout of 5G. Mostly, I want to thank the White House Secretary, Buttigieg, and the CEOs of AT&T and Verizon for finding and agreeing to an approach that mostly avoided what would have been severe disruption for passenger and cargo operations in this country. This wasn't an issue created by the airlines. Every carrier follows the rules dictated by the FAA. Since we first heard from the FAA about this issue in November, United has been a 100% engaged to underscore the severe risks of the 5G rollout posed to aviation but more importantly to bring people together and drive consensus around common sense solutions. And while we don't have a final resolution quite yet, I'm confident we'll get there. This problem has been resolved collaborative -- can be -- has been resolved collaboratively, allowing a fulsome rollout of 5G without significant impact to aviation in 40 countries around the world, and we can do the same thing here in the United States. While I wish it happened earlier, the good news is we now have everyone engaged, the FAA and DOT at the highest levels, the equipment aircraft manufacturers, airlines and the telecoms. And I'm confident we'll soon have a clear set of objective criteria that will allow a full rollout of 5G without significant impact to aviation. I'll close this part of my comments by once again thanking the administration and Secretary Buttigieg, but also a particular thank you to CEOs of AT&T and Verizon for voluntarily agreeing to these near-term restrictions near major airports. With that, I'll turn to discussing our results and outlook. Over the last year, the United’s team persevered through the impact of COVID, but also made incredible progress laying the foundation for the future. Omicron is, once again, impacting the near term. But as we've done since March 2020, we're taking action on capacity, and we remain confident in the long-term projections in spite of the near-term headwinds from Omicron. But before we discuss our results and outlook, I want to take a minute to thank and brag about all that the people of United accomplished in 2021. In spite of the historic challenges, United came together as a team to get through the worst crisis in the history of aviation and set ourselves up to be the world's leading airline on the other side. We saw our NPS improved by 30 points versus 2019 and introduced United Next to grow the airline and improve the product for customers. But we also made unique, real and structural changes to our process and technology, which we believe is going to lead to best-in-class CASM-ex performance once we have the full fleet return to service. I think perhaps one of the least understood industry changes is that United is expecting to exit 2022 at a CASM-ex run rate below 2019, an expectation that sounds very different than most others in the industry. It is a transformational competitive change. So, while we can't control the exact timing of course of COVID, we can improve the customer experience and control our costs, and that puts us in a completely different competitive position to outperform in the future. In the short term, however, we're remaining responsive to the risk posed by the Omicron variant. Omicron is impacting demand in the near term, but the biggest impact of Omicron fueled surge in COVID cases we've seen so far was on our people, and it led to a significant disruption in our operational performance over the holidays. As tough as this period has been, I'm particularly grateful that because of our vaccine requirement, we are no longer losing vaccinated employees to COVID, and we still don't have any vaccinated employees hospitalized. Our vaccine requirement has truly saved lives. As we look to the remainder of 2022, Omicron is impacting near-term demand, and we're reducing our capacity as a result. But bookings continue to be strong for March and beyond, and our base case remains a continued recovery in demand, including international and business. Gerry and Andrew will give you more specifics on what we're changing this year on capacity. But the important point is we remain confident on the long-term CASM-ex target and future of United. We believe and certainly hope that as a company and society, we are moving into the endemic stage of COVID. But we'll continue to manage as we have throughout the crisis and once again this quarter and be responsive to what actually happens instead of what we hope will happen. I'll close by once again thanking the United team. They've done amazing things since the crisis began, and they've laid the foundation for United to be the world's leading airline going forward. And now, I'll hand it over to Brett.
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll start, Helane, and then let Andrew talk about our specific plans. But what I'd say is on the Asia restrictions, look, governments around the world are all doing their best to manage COVID, and these restrictions are constantly changing. They've had a different set of standards in China, different approach than some of the western. But I don't think there's anything bigger to read into it, other than different countries are all feeling their way in an uncertain environment. So, I wouldn't read any kind of macro geopolitical questions into it. And then, I'll turn it back to Andrew to talk about sort of what our plans for aircraft and timing are.
Scott Kirby: I don't think it pushes us into new markets. But, as we've classified this, there are places that have fewer flights and there are unfortunately places that have no flights. And we continue to adjust the formula. Again, for the most part, we anticipated this. The big difference here is this is occurring at a faster pace than maybe we anticipated six to nine months ago. So, it's just accelerating our United Next plan and where we're going to go to. But there will be communities that unfortunately don't have United service in the future. And there will be communities that have fewer flights, and there will be communities that have fewer flights with bigger aircraft. And that's kind of the outlook. We don't -- again, I said it a few minutes ago, we don't expect this to really materially improve in 2022, and we'll see where we go in 2023.
Scott Kirby: Well, I'll take a shot at it, Andrew. You've done a great job today on the call, by the way. I appreciate it.
Scott Kirby: Look, I think this is an important point. And the big difference for us at the mainline is that at United, we create careers. They're not just jobs. Our average flight attendant ramp worker, gate agent, it's just back in a full -- in a normal year, once they get the top of the seniority scale with the union contract makes a 6-digit income -- can make a 6-digit income with great benefits. It's one of the few jobs, the few places that there are jobs left where you can support a family and send your kids to college and have great benefits and have security. And I think at the end of the day, that's the reason that we can hire at the mainline is because we create careers where people can spend their whole career here instead of just what's the hourly rate today.
Scott Kirby: So, on the first question, I tried at least on CNBC to say, we're trying to get out of the business of short term in the short-term ups and downs of COVID because we haven't been very good at it. We've been really good at the trajectory, but it's impossible to predict what's going to happen in the very short term. But, if we continue on the trajectory that Andrew described, where bookings went from down 48% the first week to down 25% this week, we are back on track to be profitable in both -- in the second, third and fourth quarter. It's probably getting to too fine a point to try to add up, which I guess is what you're asking. If I add up the second, third and fourth quarter, are those a number that's greater than the loss in 1Q? That's probably too fine a point for me to have confidence in forecasting at this point. On the Russia point, I'm not going to speculate on that yet. We'll continue -- we -- at United, as the flag bearer for the United States lines up, be exposed in a good way, exposed in a bad way to geopolitics around the world. And so, we follow them closely and pay attention to them and have a good history of responding when something happens. But we're, like everyone, keeping a close eye on the situation in the Ukraine and how it develops.
Scott Kirby: I think there's a lot yet to be determined. There are modest impacts still from the rollout of 5G. They're not nearly as significant as they were scheduled to be without the agreement that was reached. But more to come. It's still very real time. We will work, hopefully, with the telecoms and the FAA through the whole process to further reduce the impact. But I don't know the full answer yet.
Brett Hart: Thanks, Scott. I'd like to start by thanking our employees for their hard work in the quarter. In the busiest travel season since the start of the pandemic, our team dealt with disruptions from weather events; changing international travel requirements; and most recently, the impact from the Omicron variant. With Omicron impacting both our employees and the rest of the country over the holidays, our team pulled together to serve our customers, and we are grateful to them. As Scott mentioned, this latest variant has caused a delay in the expected recovery and having an impact on bookings in the first quarter. However, we remain confident that travel will rebound quickly as cases subside. We expect a strong summer and second half of 2022, consistent with our expectations pre-Omicron. While Andrew will outline the changes we've made in the near term on capacity in just a moment, we are confident and committed to our 2023 and 2026 financial targets. With our United Next network plans in mind, we look forward to hiring the next generation of United pilots. Next week, we'll host a grand opening of our United Aviate Academy in Goodyear, Arizona. We're excited about the role our world-class pilot training facility will play in recruiting and preparing the next generation of the United pilots. In fact, we welcomed the inaugural class in December, which consists of 30 students, 80% of whom are women or people of color. In the near term, we are making sure we are fully staffed as this is critical to executing our plan as the recovery takes hold. As difficult as the holidays were, we are returning to a normalized operation. We've taken additional steps to ensure that disruptions are minimized for our customers through capacity management and incentives. Regarding the current labor environment, while we have small pockets of hiring challenges, those do not currently impact our ability to operate the mainline and are not impacting our capacity planning for 2022. We feel confident in our ability to achieve the level of hiring at United that supports the growth we are planning in the second half of 2022 and beyond. Despite Omicron's recent impact, we've achieved the highest-ever Net Promoter Score in our history, which is undoubtedly due to the team's service improvements and technological advancements that make flying with us easier than ever. A couple of examples. This year, more than 760,000 customers have benefited from ConnectionSaver. And the percentage of customers that have misconnected in 2021 is the lowest since the merger. Our clubs in the U.S. are back, and we're ready for international travel to return as well, as this includes six Polaris lounges. We made it easier than ever to order onboard with our PayPal QR Code. Also, our expanded beer, wine and snack offering is now available on nearly all flights over 2 hours. Gerry will provide greater detail on our 2022 costs, but our 2022 budget incorporates the elevated inflationary pressures seen by the rest of the country and fully reflects the labor expense we expect to incur in the year. Importantly, the changes in our fleet and mix of flying however give us the confidence that we will reach CASM-ex below 2019 by the fourth quarter of this year, putting us on track to achieve our long-term cost goals in the United Next plan. While the macro environment delayed the recovery, we continued to act on additional initiatives towards our goal to become 100% green by eliminating greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. United is now the largest airline to invest in zero-emission hydrogen electric engines for regional aircraft through a new equity stake in ZeroAvia, a leading company focused on hydrogen electric aviation solutions. We also announced the second round of corporate participants in our Eco-Skies Alliance program. We believe each of these initiatives, among others, further solidifies United's position as the industry leader in sustainability. With 2021 behind us, we're responding to the near-term volatility with areas of the business we can control, while continuing to invest in our people and products as we plan for our United Next plan that will transform the airline in the coming years. And with that, I will now turn it over to Andrew to discuss the revenue environment.
Brett Hart: Mike, it's Brett. Look, first, I'll say, in the back half of this year, we were really successful in meeting our -- a lot of our hiring goals. And obviously, we think we'll have no issues, in particular on the mainline next year moving those goals. In terms of pilots, for instance, in back half of this year, we hired approximately 1,200 pilots. So, we think that trend will continue in the next year. Our overall numbers for next year, we expect to be in line with our needs. But we don't put out specific numbers at this point in time.
Brett Hart: Yes. We're not seeing any issues with respect to the training process. And just to emphasize again, we're certainly not seeing any issues on the hiring side. So, we don't anticipate any issues with respect to any hiring across the board that we need to make in order to stay on plan with our mainline operations.
Brett Hart: Yes. Hi. This is Brett Hart. We are taking it market by market. And certainly, we are seeing some parts of the country where there is some more difficulty in small pockets for hiring, and we're making necessary adjustments in those markets. But our approach is to take it. And just that way, we determine what needs to be done in a specific market. We try to maintain consistency across our organization, but we understand that there are different macro and micro economic factors at play, and we're adjusting to those. But at this time, what we can call out specific markets, I mean, I think we're being impacted in the same way that other employers are, both in our industry and, quite frankly, across other industries. And that information is pretty readily available.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Conor. It's Andrew. It's a really good question, and it's something we strongly believe in based on everything we've seen. We've definitely pointed a lot of incremental capacity across the Atlantic for this spring and summer in anticipation of this recovery. I can tell you, in fact, we're booked ahead from a passenger and revenue perspective on those flights this spring and summer already. And so, we're ready to get flying. We do need to get past this latest Omicron wave, but we feel really good about the future. And more importantly, we kept all of our widebody jets in our fleet. We continue to modify them with the new business class cabins, so we have a consistent product across the range of our aircraft. And we operate from the best gateways in the United States, bar none. So, we do believe very strongly that there is tremendous international growth opportunity in front of us. We also believe that there's been significant structural changes. Smaller business class cabin is coming in from the United States and in fact, fewer flights. Many of those larger A380s and 747s have been retired by our competitors. And this sets us up incredibly well for the future year. I have to admit, we can't be -- we're very bullish about the Atlantic in particular. And as you stated, Asia is going to be slower to come back. We look forward to coming back in full force. But we have redeployed our planes for the foreseeable future to other regions of the world in anticipation of a slower recovery in Asia. So, we think we have that from a revenue and P&L point of view under control as well. So really bullish about the future when it comes to international growth. And United's potential in that arena, we think is superior to all of our competition.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. We signed up 5.6 million new MileagePlus members this year, which is a record for the airline. We are really pleased by that, and it shows the growth and the prosperity in the program. And people want to be part of that program and be part of United. So, we don't think it could be any better. In terms of credit card acquisitions, new accounts, we are up in the second half of this year versus where we were in 2019. So, that's going incredibly well as well. So we couldn't -- we're really optimistic about those particular numbers. And then particularly, with the new members, it's just a few years ago, we were doing 2.5 million to 3 million new members per year, and now we're up to 5.6 million. So I think it's a great tribute to United, where we fly, our brand, our customers are more and more interested in joining the MileagePlus program.
Andrew Nocella: Well, Jamie, what I think I would say is we're going to need some time to prove that out. I think it is somewhat debatable. We feel really good about it. I mean, the numbers have been incredibly strong. Our seat product upgrades in this last quarter have never been higher. And that's even before we begin to transform into the United Next fleet, which has more premium seats onboard the aircraft. And we feel really strongly about segmenting our business and giving people a choice about where they want to sit on the airplane and what experience they want throughout the entire travel journeys. Everybody deserves that choice, and we're going to do it, we're going to do it great. In terms of club memberships, what I would tell you is the bulk of our club memberships come through are premium card to the co-brand portfolio. So, it will be hard to measure that because we've introduced two new lower share cards in year. So the numbers are skewed by our new gateway card, for example. So, it's a little bit more difficult to particularly answer that question right now. But we've now seen this for two quarters in a row, a really strong premium leisure demand. Everything we see in the first quarter, I would say the same is true. And we also see that in the business class cabin going [to and from Europe] (ph), where the performance there has been good. And the other thing I'll tell you is that while clearly PRASM has been down throughout this crisis, PRASM domestically in our premium cabins is almost flat, whereas -- the number in total in terms of PRASM. So again, that's a remarkable number as we go through this crisis in terms of premium demand, in my opinion.
Andrew Nocella: Some of that’s TBD, to be honest. So, what I would say is that business traffic is down substantially. It had improved quite a bit as we were in the quarter last year. And so the booking curves are I think a little bit unreliable from where will they be in 2 or 3 or 4 months from now. So, I think we'll just have to wait a little bit longer than that. And until demand -- and really demand comes back to some level of normalcy across all those channels, the yield calculations are just going to be a little bit differently. What I would say is that, particularly with business traffic and total business -- our total traffic, we've seen a remarkable comeback already in week three of the year versus where we were in week one of the year for total bookings and for business bookings. So, we're well on our way. And I think we're going to see things return to normal from a booking perspective, I would hope sometime in mid-February. And cancellation rates early this week are actually already back to a more or less 2019 standards. So, things have moved dramatically just in the last 2.5, 3 weeks.
Andrew Nocella: Sure, I'll try to take that. I think what we're seeing is there's been a disruption in supply chains around the globe. And so, the use of air freight has increased or the need for it has increased relative to the amount of capacity available, and that's caused yields to go up. As we look into Q1, I think those trends are pretty similar. And in fact, we expect our Q1 performance this year to be in excess of our Q1 performance last year, but it's still early in the quarter obviously, driven by the strong yields. So, and if you talk to our cargo team, they would tell you that the supply chain disruptions, the backups at the ports, these things look likely to continue to some degree for the foreseeable future as we head into 2022. So, we're optimistic that cargo is going to have another great year. And kudos to our entire cargo team because the numbers that we are putting up relative to our competition are just staggering.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I'll try to take that. I'm taking all the questions here. I need to hand out a few questions to my colleagues. But, we -- first of all, what I would say is that as we take away service from small communities, we're disappointed to do that. We know the impact on these communities. And we alert them ahead of time, and we know it's a big deal. And we've already cut service to 20 communities in the United States in the last few months. Again, we know that's a really big deal. However, we are facing the pilot shortage on our regional aircraft, not on our mainline aircraft. And we expect that pilot shortage to continue for a while, including for the rest of 2022. So, we do expect, unfortunately, there will be a few more communities that we will have to remove from the network. We're still working out those details. And we have a lot of aircraft that we will underutilize for the foreseeable future. But that's kind of where we are. In terms of our business plan, when we talked about the United Next business plan, just about 7 months ago, we had already kind of recognized these trends. We had already planned to reduce the number of RJs in our fleet, and what's happening is an acceleration of these plans. But from a revenue perspective, this has all been accounted for. And unfortunately, from an internal planning perspective, what we're seeing on the RJ pilot shortage is an acceleration, and what happens to the community we serve is an acceleration, but it is not unexpected for what we're really going to deal with over the next year or two.
Andrew Nocella: Sure, Helane. I'll start. Traditionally, I think we had gotten to the point where we had a high degree of confidence that fuel is a pass-through. And I've said that many times in the past, and I continue to believe that. During the crisis, with the supply-demand equation quite out of balance, I think that that has got out of balance. But as we look into Q2 and beyond, based on what we think is going to happen to demand and where we see supply, hopefully, those relationships come back into place. And we'll continue to make agile decisions on utilization of the fleet, given what the price of fuel is like we always have done in the past. So, I feel like we need a little bit more time to prove back that the equation is still valid, but we're well on our way.
Andrew Nocella: The only thing I would add is that we recognize that Asia seems to be -- will have a slower recovery. And we have moved those aircraft elsewhere in the world, and we believe they're going to be really productive where we've moved them to. And we look forward to resuming our full schedule to Japan and China at some point in the future when we can.
Andrew Nocella: Well, I think the way I would describe that is, we've made a number of changes as we've dealt with this crisis, including the elimination of change fees themselves. And that we think was the right thing to do. We should have done it years ago, quite frankly. We wish we had done years ago. And so, we don't think that's going to change or at least United, we are where we are. And we've adjusted our resources to make sure we can deal with that. Our customers now have the ability to make more changes than they did in the past, and are doing so. And we're kind of pleased to let that happen. And we think it's a great feature for us, and it's going to help us with our relative competitive stance versus other carriers in the country, which again we needed to do long ago. It's about time, and we're fully committed to it.
Andrew Nocella: Well, Sheila, it's fair to say that over the last six months, we've seen more inflationary structure than we might have expected a year ago. That's incorporated in our numbers and our guidance for this year and our comfort for next year. So, we've taken that into account. And in terms of where we're seeing those inflationary pressures, we're no different I think than anyone else. Clearly, on the vendor side, airport vendors, we're seeing that, other suppliers, like everybody else, when you go to the supermarket, you're seeing higher food prices. We're seeing higher food prices, but we're managing through all that. And I can tell you that on our flight, if beef becomes too expensive, we always have chicken.
Andrew Nocella: I will say the plans are still agile. We are going to fly less international than we expected to just a few months ago, but we're also going to fly less domestic. Whether in 100% proportional to each other, I think it's just too early to tell. So, I'm going to refrain from giving you an exact answer to that question.
Andrew Nocella: Sure. I'll give it a try. What -- the first thing I'll say is that when the Omicron spike happened, that -- what really happened was cancellations peaked, particularly for close-in travel, and net bookings declined as a result of that, but total bookings also declined as a result of that. But all of that impact was really felt close in and not far out. And so, we are continuing to book March, for example, normally throughout the entire Omicron process, including from the perspective of our yields to be blunt. And that continues always beyond March all the way through the summer, where, for example, we look at the Atlantic we’re booked ahead from a passenger count and we’re booked to head from a revenue perspective, which means our PRASM is obviously positive in the future quarters for the Atlantic. So, all that is really good. What Omicron did, it's caused a spike in near-term cancellations and reduction in near-term bookings, particularly for business travel. And what I can tell you over the last few weeks, we've already seen that start to come back in the line. For example, in week one, we were down 48% versus 2019 for total bookings. In week two of this year, we were down 40%. And now in week three, week to date, we're down 25%. And so, we are seeing this really come back very quickly. And the second point, as I said earlier, our cancellations are also now coming back into normalcy. So, this really -- again, there's a hole in January that we can't fill because it's just too close in, and there's a bit of a hole in February as well. But March looks normal at this point and definitely beyond that based on these trends. And again, bookings are coming back really, really quickly. Hopefully, we will be back to somewhat of a normal stance or at least where we were in the middle of the Q4 quarter, sometime by the middle of February.
Andrew Nocella: Thanks, Mike. I will say that improvement in our relative results in Q1 has been one of our long-term goals for many, many years. Obviously, there's a lot going on and a lot of moving pieces in Q1 of this year. But all of the factors you just said and all of us here at United kind of working together to move these things around has made an impact or really, I wish the Q1 guidance could be dramatically higher, but we are where we are. But I think we're on the right path for long term, and particularly, we're on the right path to making our Q1 results less of a gap to our competitors. And that, of course, will overall help us close margin gaps in the future because we do pretty well in Q2 -- our Q2 and Q3, given our global long-haul nature and our East West nature here domestically.
Andrew Nocella: Maybe I'll give it a try. At this point, we've had absolutely no trouble hiring for United mainline pilot jobs. And the second point is we are working very hard to make sure that the supply of pilots coming into this great business increases. And given where salaries are, the career potential, we're confident that's going to happen. And of course, one of the things we've done, which is highlighted a lot is our Aviate Academy, where we're bringing new students, many of them diverse, into the United Airlines world very, very early in the process. And so, we're all working to make sure that there's plenty of pilots for the long-term supply, which we think is the case. But we do have a year or more where this needs time to get back into proper balance. And at this point, we haven't seen any impact to our mainline hiring abilities.
Andrew Nocella: Well, Hunter, forever is a long time, so I don't think I'm going to agree it forever. It's clearly, for the foreseeable future, we anticipate having a smaller footprint across the Pacific and those airplanes being redeployed elsewhere where they can be more productive for the business. So that's going to continue for a while. And when things change in Asia, we'll be ready to bounce back there. We have great partners in Asia, particularly with ANA in Japan and Air China in China. So we're ready to go when demand returns, but it's difficult to predict. There's no doubt, we did well in the business class cabin to Asia. But I can tell you, we did just as well across the Atlantic and to South America. It's one of our strong suits. And so, we feel bullish that Asia is definitely going to be tamed for the next few years from the United Airlines capacity perspective, but we're going to redeploy that capacity where it can be fruitful for the business and fruitful, in particular, in the business class cabin. And again, as I said earlier, we're seeing smaller wide-body jets being used by our primary competitors across the globe. And so, that brings in not only less capacity in total, but significantly less capacity in the business class cabin. So, as you try to square a circle that has many different movements to it, what I would tell you is that capacity and demand is all moving. And there are plenty of scenarios out there where business traffic across the Atlantic could be less than 100%. But if supply is dramatically less than 100%, it may -- it should all work out.
Andrew Nocella: Alison, it's Andrew. I'll let our regional carriers speak for themselves on their financial situation. I just -- I can't respond to that.
Andrew Nocella: From a training perspective, we have our flight training center in Denver, Colorado. And I'll let Brett speak to it, but I think things are really well under control there.
Andrew Nocella: Good to hear your voice, Dawn. I think what I would say is throughout the crisis, the basic percentage of tickets sold has varied significantly at United. And today, it's somewhere in the high single digits domestically. During the crisis, it got as low as 4%. And before the crisis, it was well over 20%. And so, this number is moving around based on all kinds of different things. But as a result, it is a -- as we speak today, it is a much smaller percentage of our ticket sales in our domestic system than it has historically been pre-crisis. And I think that's really all I can say. In terms of the tickets, we are evaluating that now. I'll have more to say about that in the future. But our tickets are currently valid through the end of this year. So, people still have a ton of time out there to find their credits and burn them on United Airlines.
Andrew Nocella: I'll take that. So, international bookings across the Atlantic are -- for travel April and beyond, are ahead of 2019 levels. And all of our new markets are exactly at their expectations. I will say that each new market has a different booking curve, depending on where we're going. And each of those new markets is running on the booking curve we expected. We really have not seen the virus or Omicron in particular impact our long-haul demand across the Atlantic at this point for future travel.
Gerry Laderman: Good question. We've been clear since last June that one of the benefits that's really, in some ways, unique to United with our United Next plan is the increase in gauge. We've been under-gauged on the mainline. And the MAX order, particularly when the MAX 10 start next year, will help solve that problem. So we will provide going to next year additional color on gauge. This year, just from the first quarter to the fourth quarter, we expect 11% improvement in gauge and then more going into next year. But we'll continue to give you those numbers. But as we've been saying for the last six months, one of the great advantages we have and one of the reasons why we're so comfortable with our CASM guidance for next year is that, as we said, it's just math.
Gerry Laderman: Yes. So, -- well, two things. One, the 777s won't start impacting us until the second quarter. And then the 8 787s, which are still hanging out there, that will be a second half, as well as the 53 MAXes, effectively all in the second half of the year, most -- the vast majority in the second half of the year. So, there is a huge difference between the first half and second half on gauge.
Gerry Laderman: Yes. I think you've -- we've hit about the right run rate within a couple of hundred million dollars.
