Julie Stewart: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning everyone and welcome to United's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and a separate investor update. Additionally this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our web site at ir.united.com.  Information in yesterday's release and investor update, the accompanying presentation and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor update, copies of which are available on our web site. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are Chief Executive Officer, Oscar Munoz; President, Scott Kirby; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Levy. In addition, we have Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Greg Hart, and Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella in the room to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Julie Stewart: Thank you, Oscar. First, we will take questions from the analyst community. Then we will take questions from the media. Please limit yourself to one question, and if needed, one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Julie Stewart: All right. Thank you all for joining the call today. Please contact media relations, if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Julie. Good morning everyone. Thank you as always for joining us. Yesterday, we reported pre-tax earnings of $1 billion with a pre-tax margin of 10.4%, excluding special charges, as you can see on slide 4. Our earnings per share was $2.22 excluding those special charges. In the third quarter, we repurchased $556 million of stock at an average price of $67 per share, bringing our year-to-date repurchases to about $1.3 billion. Andrew Levy will provide a little more details of the financial results here shortly. In the quarter, we certainly faced a number of challenges, including a series of historic storms and natural disasters, coinciding with the usual busy summer travel season. I have to shout out to our employees, they all impressively overcame these challenges, delivering record setting operational performance. Not only did our employees manage to keep our operations moving through these three devastating storms, they really banded together to help one another and take part in one of the largest relief and recovery efforts in United history. So I want to thank all of them, for demonstrating the level of energy and teamwork and morale, that embodies the shared purpose that we have at United. As you know, a big driver of this new spirit at United is what we term an energized culture and really increased employee engagement around all areas, but evidenced specifically by this year's operational performance, which has been just simply outstanding. This can also be seen on how our employees are prioritizing and elevating the customer experience, and I want to highlight a few of those on slide 5 that are gaining traction. We continue to improve our mobile tool, such as in the moment care, the app that allows our employees to more quickly and effectively solve customer interruptions, such as the ones faced this quarter from the severe weather. Also to proactively address travel disruptions, we put together a team, dedicated to providing creative solutions to ensure customers reach their final destinations. They are available to all stations worldwide, 24/6, 365 days a year. Now evidence of progress on our customer service can be seen at the dramatic decline in the third quarter of our involuntary denied boarding or IDBs, which are down 92% over last year, and we also had a remarkable 28 days this quarter with zero IDBs. And for context prior to this year, United didn't have a single day with zero IDBs. Now if you look at the business more broadly, we do feel good about over accomplishing at United, but we also know that we have a long journey and a lot of hard work ahead of us to realize our potential. The third quarter was a challenging environment, probably due to macro events such as the storms I mentioned, as well as things like geopolitical tensions, causing softer demand out of Guam, but we have also made a strategic decision to compete aggressively with ultra low cost carriers, which is essential to the long term health of our business. So today -- earlier, we promised the investment community an update on our 2016 Investor Day initiatives, Scott will do that in a moment. At a high level, our Investor Day initiatives are on track, with the exception of segmentation, where incremental contribution was temporarily offset by broad competitive issues. And also, new issues have arisen this year, and our goal is to produce meaningful, absolute and relative margin improvement, that is something that remains steadfast in our focus. And as we continue on this journey, it's critical for us ensuring that we properly prepare for and mitigate the headwinds that we cannot control, which are often many, correct through the ones we can control and we have to be able to distinguish between both of those. And so, we know we can control how we implement our initiatives like basic economy. We know we can control how we control our new revenue management system, and we certainly have control over the pricing mix that we are doing right now with ULCC. And that is what we are doing. In addition, we are taking a very-very rigorous approach to reviewing our costs, as we look forward into 2018 beyond our planning process. So that's the general update of our quarter. With that, I will turn it over to Scott for some more details.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you. I just want to thank once again to our employees, our customers, and certainly our investors. I think as Scott mentioned, there have been some bumps in the road in 2017, but we are on a path to achieve our financial goals, and we will work hard to navigate through any unforeseen challenges that come along the way. But at the end of the day, we are excited about our path forward, and just try to reward all of you along the way. So with that, let me turn it over to Julie and we are happy to take your questions.
Oscar Munoz: Yeah, I agree. Dan, it's really hard to strip out. There is so much that happened in third quarter this year, with the stuff that's happening in the fourth quarter this year, and stuff that happened last year in H1. So I think that the core trends are largely the same. The third quarter wasn't as bad as it appeared, is mostly what that means, and as you go into the fourth quarter, it's more representative of what the real demand trend is. The one thing that I think is improving, at least for United in particular, is we had in late of July, a huge change in the pricing philosophy at one of our ultra low-cost carrier competitors, that was a big shock to the system. Where walk-up fares wound up going down over the course of a week or two by 80% or 90%, and that takes little time to adjust to. While fares remain at those levels, we are better at managing in that environment, I think today, and will be in the fourth quarter than we were before. But if you sort through all the bad stuff that happened; I think, that the fourth quarter is a little bit better than the third quarter, even on core underlying trends. Mostly due to the changes we have made in being able to manage better, and the pricing that has remained consistent with the ULCC, and there is also less industry capacity in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter, particularly as Southwest is growing less.
Oscar Munoz: Yeah, it is. At the last United earnings call, we didn't -- I don't think we talked about Spirit, at least at all, and really didn't think much of it. But of course, the day after their earnings call, fare has been down dramatically, and it continues to go down dramatically. And so it did spread. It has kind of been constant I would say, for the last six to eight weeks, where fares got down to -- walk-up fares as low as $10 and that $10 including the online convenience fee or whatever they call those fees, which are lower than ever seen, and including the time that we were engaged in stuff like this, like my prior employer. But they have been -- they haven't gone up, but they haven't gone down. If you want to get down to $10 at the walk-up fare, there is not much room to go down, particularly when that fare started at $170 two months ago. So really not much change. There is a higher percentage of markets that are involved in the really low fares. The percentage build out 17% of our revenue that comes from markets where ULCCs fly, but the amount that is exposed to this kind of pricing -- that's of the domestic system by the way. But the amount that's exposed to this pricing is obviously less than that, it's 100% right now.
Oscar Munoz: Yeah. There is a whole bunch of things, Susan, that are going on. One, basic economy is a great tool and we have been experimenting with the difference of price between basic economy and standard economy. It's not really the new yield management system yet, but it will be, and we have got some really cool stuff going on that we are experimenting with, that will roll into the new yield management system, that can be particularly targeted in these markets. One of the big things that changed is, for us, in this environment is, actually the impact on flow traffic. And so as the fares go down like this, we are selling a lot more local demand on some of these flights, and what happens is, we wind up spilling off connecting revenues. And that takes a little time to adjust to. What we do essentially is, we are going to be selling more seats in the local market, will continue and that maintains that competitive posture in the head-to-head local competitive markets. But we continued our yield management posture on the connecting flows, because essentially we have now fewer seats to sell in some of those connecting flows. But there is improvement in the local market with the connecting markets or places we can improve as well. And we have far more data today than we would have had a few years ago, to help us manage this and we also have, as you mentioned, the tools, basic economy, that's a real help. That in the very short term of things, when fares go down by 90% over the course of two weeks, that takes a little time to adjust it, but we are getting a lot more adjusted, as we go forward.
Oscar Munoz: Yeah, you are trying to box me out. So I will say there is opportunities on both. In dollar value, the larger opportunity, and it's not necessarily renegotiation, but the larger opportunity is absolutely with our credit card partner, Chase. And we are working on that. This is my and Andrew Nocella's third or fourth time through one of these, and also on the people on the Chase side, not their first time going through something like this with a partner. We had great success in the past, getting to win-win situations with our bank partners, and I believe and hope that we will get there with Chase. On both sides, we are seeing all the right things. We are big organizations that don't move -- both big organizations that don't move overnight. That has been true everywhere else that I have been as well. And I think that we will get to, ultimately, a much better result. And it is certainly -- it's a great partnership, but it is a disadvantage, as we sit here today compared to our competitors, and one that has a lot of opportunity. We also have opportunity on the Alliance front, and it's not so much about renegotiation of JVs, it's about realizing the potential of the JVs and on that front, all of our partners are engaged and anxious, and we are making real progress, both in South America and across the Atlantic in particular. We today are getting better results in those geographies than we otherwise would, even though we haven't done a new deal, just because we are working much closer together, and we are [indiscernible] to the line and feel good on both of those fronts that we are going to have improvements. The credit card deal is obviously bigger.
Oscar Munoz: Well I appreciate the encouragement Hunter. I think we are a margin company, as we happen for -- I think focused on that for quite some time. You know, I think it is a good opportunity for us to just discuss the broad advancements that we made as a company, with a strategy and a management team and a focus that, I think, holds for a very bright future. I think the interim periods are difficult to discuss, because we are making investments. We are -- I think the way I said it earlier is, we have dug ourselves historically in a little bit of a competitive hole as a company. And in order to get ourselves out of it, we have to do something a little bit extraordinary than others. And so, that's what we are focused on. We are focused on doing that, but at the same time, from a long term perspective, on margin capability. So as we head into 2018, one of the reasons we are not talking too much about it, we are deep, deep at work with regards to that. How do we get the kind of growth that has good margin, and how do we get into the bowels [ph] of our cost structure and ensure that we make that. And so it is about the net margin number. And so it's a difficult period for us, as we work through all this information. This team has only been in place really for a year, and we are just getting our mojo working. And again, I think Scott said it from -- with regards to our initiatives are long tailed, and what you see, vis-à-vis our competitors, is that they have been together as a team and with their focus and their initiatives for quite some time, and they are beginning to see the benefits of that. We just have a little bit more work to do, and we will continue to ask for a little bit more patience. But there is no change with regards to where we think our relative and absolute margin improvement need to be, to compete in this industry.
Oscar Munoz: Not today. And trust me, we are not telling you because we don't want to; we are, as Andrew Levy talked about, deep in the middle of this stuff. In fact, I just saw the thick book that was on Scott's desk that I went through briefly yesterday, we are taking a very different approach that Andrew Levy has taken us through, with regards to some of this. And again, we need to ensure that we [indiscernible] through the detail before we probably can tell you anything at this point. So let us keep working through this, I just need a little bit more time. We have always been about proof, not promise, and so right now, it's going to look a little more promising and the proof will come, as we get more into the details of this.
Oscar Munoz: And Kevin, this is Oscar, I think you raise a great point, and we understand it completely. And I think the conundrum is, how do we give you a sense of the results of these long tailed initiatives and provide you a little bit better transparency. And so, it's a good point. It is what we are in the middle of today, trying to understand -- not only understand, trying to better understand these issues and how they play out. Given all the things that have changed since we have given those things. So we need to package all that together, and that's what we are doing, as we put together our plan. But again, I just want to make sure, I understand your point completely as of the rest of the team, and thank you for that admonition. Appreciate it.
Oscar Munoz: This is Oscar again; again I just -- and I know this won't help matters much, but I know everybody is getting scared about the fact that we are not going to give these numbers, because of some ominous reason. I cannot fully express to you, how much in the middle of things that we are. We historically have had a lot of talented people with a lot of experience in this industry, who know their relationships and how they are supposed to work, and we also have a very-very large company, with a lot of places that we are digging into. And so, let us do a little bit more of that work, and when we come out of it, we will be able to sort of provide you some better information around what we are thinking.
Oscar Munoz: Hey Brandon. Again, the things that I have changed, I think we have noted and discussed, A. B, it's hard to prove to you how well some of our initiatives have worked. The fact that they are working, and the headwinds have been significant. The inconsistencies that I think you are picking up, are just a function of time and structure. We are in the middle of planning process. It is a quarter that we just had and a quarter that follows, and we are really getting to the bottom of all these things. So I wish I had more information to share with you at this point. We are committed to the things that we've said, the absolute relative margin growth. It's just in this interim period, we are having some difficulties explaining this to you clearly, and we get that. That is still a little bit more work, and as we get better clarity on the things that we are doing, we will do what's required to make sure that we regain the trust. But more importantly, beyond the communication and quarterly update, I think the execution of all these initiatives is something we have to continue to focus on. And so, I appreciate your concern and your pointed question and appreciate your sentiment. And we will just move forward.
Oscar Munoz: It's not. We have dug ourselves in a hole, from a competitive perspective, and the team that we got in together here, is about regaining that competitive advantage, and we have that focus on margin, but at the end of the day, we feel that the moves we made in the marketplace are creating a more positive potential for revenue increases in the future. And so it is a focus of ours and it's one that we are committed to.
Scott Kirby: So I am not going to be able to give you an answer today on what the ultimate end-game on capacity is. But re-banking does help with natural share -- when we talk about natural share. It means, not just our share at our hub, it actually frankly means more our share and all of the non-hub cities around the country, so at Des Moines or wherever. And winning your share in Des Moines is not about carrying people from Des Moines to Chicago, it's about carrying people from Des Moines to the world. And what we have, a less efficient hub structure in Chicago, when we fly those people to Des Moines and we miss 10 or 15 connecting markets, then we lose out on share in a place like Des Moines, that would just be natural if we had a hub structure that worked better. So some of what we are doing to regain that -- a huge part of what we are going to regain natural share, is re-banking the hubs and driving higher levels of connectivity, which will increase your share at a market like Des Moines, without having to increase capacity.
Scott Kirby: Well, I am saying you can't divorce those two things from each other, because one of the disadvantages that we have and that Chase has, is that if you are living in Des Moines, Iowa, and you are picking a credit card, and we are the number three player in Des Moines, Iowa, you are more likely to pick one of the other two. And that is not incumbent just on a Chase fix, but on us to help address. So part of winning back natural share is not just about the core airline business, it is also about improving credit card business. And I think of those two as fundamentally tied together. It is true that a big part of our earnings, and I am not agreeing necessarily with your numbers. But a big part of our earnings comes from selling miles. But that is a core part of the business, and you can't say strip that out, and then watch your growth fee at the airline. That said, we do think that there is opportunity to improve that part of the business, and it's one of the big areas that we are focused on. We can't do a -- well there are some things that we can do unilaterally. But we are working with our partners, but Chase is by far the biggest, and working with them to get results that look like our competitors. And I think both of us agree, actually both United Airlines and Chase believe that we can do that and that we can get to a world that's good for Chase and good for United Airlines that generates the same kind of results and we are marching towards that. It will not happen overnight, but we are moving in that direction, and I think we will eventually get there.
Scott Kirby: So we have the same approach to all competitors, low cost or not. Emirates is a unique example, we feel really good about our ability to compete with ultra low cost carriers domestically or with the ex-Air Berlin or Norwegian or anyone like that, that has a -- that is not subsidized by the government. Emirates is a completely different story, because they are subsidized by their government. And we can compete, and think we can compete effectively and win against anyone, but we can't compete against governments. So our best approach to competition is the same everywhere we fly, but you have brought up a unique example of a subsidized carrier, that is unfair competition.
Scott Kirby: I don't know. It's really not the same extent, and certainly they are not allowed to do things like fly from Newark to Athens.
Scott Kirby: Yes, is the short answer, and we are already doing that in a number of markets. So we do think that there is an opportunity there, and we are experimenting with that, as we sit here today.
Scott Kirby: Well, we are trying to get away from being quite that prescriptive. But we do think that we are largely on track with the exception of segmentation, that we are largely on track with those initiatives. It's also important I think to point out that, the Investor Day initiatives, while we felt we went out of our way to say that these are -- versus what would have happened, had we not done them, but that they were not absolute increases compared to the prior year numbers. A lot of people interpreted that in a different way. And what that means is, there are other things that could be headwinds or at least, it could be tailwinds. This year we have more headwinds, things like Asia. I am hopeful that Asia next year, will actually be a tailwind, because those kinds of geography driven issues ebb and flow around the world. But we do believe that we are -- basically, with the exception of segmentation on track or everything that we talked about, timing maybe a little earlier or a little later on different ones, we had some of that this year, although they are largely balanced out, with the exception of segmentation. But we think that we are on track for these initiatives.
Scott Kirby: Yeah. You got a bunch of numbers that are kind of apples or oranges that we neither endorse nor don't endorse. So yeah, you did the analysis, but I am not sure I'd agree with the conclusion, because I am not sure I agree with all the input numbers.
Scott Kirby: Okay. Look, we are not going to redo the Investor Day numbers on this call today. As I think through what the Investor Day initiatives are, the network initiatives, we feel good about; we are going to redo Houston Banking, a lot of this is about the re-banking structures, we are doing Houston on October 29. Chicago and Denver are going to be a little bit later than we originally planned, just as we work through all the operational stuff on that. The fleeting is going to be a little bit different next year, because we just have changes in the fleet plans with 50 seaters. MileagePlus should go up, we had a hit this year from MileagePlus that was related in the old deal, we are paying back, essentially it's a loan. Not to classify it as a loan, but it was essentially a loan. We are paying back miles at a lower rate, that was pretty straightforward. Should happen. I talked about the revenue management stuff in my opening commentary, we feel pretty good about that, got it delivered, and there is a lot of water that still has to go under the bridge on that. We feel good about that one. And we are doing a lot of work on the cost stuff. I think that we will do well there. Headwinds remain, the overall macro environment that applies to everyone. The ULCC environment, and they are talking about some of the cost headwinds. We don't know for sure what the Pacific will do next year. But we kind of walk through each one of those. I am not sure the -- I don't have an exact number to update on today, but on those initiatives, we feel pretty good about, because they bring on those initiatives.
Scott Kirby: Look, we are still going through it, and it's driven by a view of what's going to maximize our margin performance. And every day we are just trying to do that. And so we look at anything either additive or subtractive, it's about what the margin of RASM is going to be and what the margin of CASM is going to be.
Scott Kirby: We didn't talk about it, but we -- essentially, there are some onetime things that happened last year, that are going to cause our reported results to differ slightly from what I am going to say. But the core performance is going to be that, Domestic and Atlantic are our two best regions we think and do better. Pacific will probably have the largest improvement, despite the fact that Guam is terrible. For core Pacific, we are at least forecasting it's going to improve. And Latin will continue to be strong, but as it overlaps the recovery and the sharp improvements in RASM last year, on a year-over-year basis, we expect it to be less strong.
Scott Kirby: Well we are going to have higher seasonality than the others. Driven by the fact that we are a more business oriented airline and we have less exposure to Florida and the Caribbean, which for the less exposure of Florida and the Caribbean, means that our first quarters are relatively weaker. Our seasonality is going to be higher. We are working on -- another thing that we do that's unique, our peaks are higher and our valleys are lower, and should we change those two variables to help with costs. That drives higher CASM at United. But it's easy to say that, and it's harder to go through all the analysis and some work to address it. But I do think over the coming years, you will see us with less variability in our seasonal scheduling, which should be a cost benefit. But we are in the early stages of figuring that out. But we will always have higher seasonality, because we have lower exposure to Florida and the Caribbean.
Scott Kirby: So not much has changed in the last six to eight weeks in the ultra low cost carriers, and I don't know if things will change going forward. The impact on connecting traffic is, if we are flying between Chicago and Fort Lauderdale, and they are now lower fare. We carry more local traffic between Chicago and Fort Lauderdale. That means, we have fewer seats available to carry from Fort Lauderdale to Des Moines, actually, because we are more likely to be sold out in the local market, because we sold more seats in the local market. So that's how we have changed our yield management posture, with regard to connecting revenues, recognizing that essentially there are fewer seats available for connecting traffic than there were before.
Andrew Levy: We have made some changes. We have gone through a dynamic type of pricing environment. But we have been really careful on how we do that, to make sure that our customers still see a great value. And I don't think that has changed here. There were a few price points that went up. But there are not many price points that are actually lower, as they reflect the true availability on particular flights. So I don't think what we did over the last two weeks is going to change the dynamics at all.
Andrew Levy: Yeah Mike, it's about $70 million of inflation that we are expecting at this point in time. Some of that is based on a forecasted discount rate, which we can only forecast at this point or actuaries can only forecast. That will get kind of locked down at the end of the year. So at the moment, a little over half of that is due to forecasted lower discount rate applied, and the balance would be lower mortality and expenses associated with that.
Andrew Levy: Mike, historically, we are kind of hesitant to give anything on 2018 just yet. But we will certainly talk about $400 million a year, and at this point, I don't see any reason to expect that number will be much different next year. It will depend on a number of factors. I think it's safe to assume, it will be similar to what we did this year.
Andrew Levy: Well, you know Savi, our view on the balance sheet is unchanged. We certainly like to see a higher rating of our debt. But we feel very comfortable with where we are. We have not decided to try for investment grade. We may decide one day, that that is something that's worth doing. But at the moment, we are very comfortable with our debt levels. We are able to raise capital at extremely attractive rates, and we are very comfortable with where we are in the balance sheet, which is taking into account, not just debt levels but also the liquidity and the active capital that we have.
Andrew Levy: So we are just not prepared to talk about 2018. Look, there is a lot that's happened, a lot of changes that have happened since we provided that forecast over a year ago. We are working through it right now, and it's not as simple as you grow more CASM-ex goes down. I mean, on an Excel spreadsheet it does, but there is a lot of inputs. Some of them have nothing to do with, whether you grow fast or not. I mentioned one of them, airport rates. When airport rental rates go up, it doesn't matter how much you fly, you just pay more, and there is a ton of other costs then, some of which do go down when you fly more. As you fly more with aircraft utilization, it drives down your membership cost on a PRASM basis. But there is a ton of inputs. We are going through all that, and we are just not ready to give detailed commentary on 2018 for costs. We are in the middle of our budget process, we are going at it in a very-very detailed way in trying to get to the best answer we can get to, that's going to maximize margin for United, and we will comment on that further when we are ready to.
