Jeffery A. Smisek: Thanks, John. Our merger has resulted in a lot of change for our customers and our coworkers, and I know that the road has been a tough one. However, we are laying the foundation for the world's leading airline. Many of the investments we've been talking about will become visible to our customers and our coworkers in 2013, and we are very excited about delivering the airline our customers want to fly, our investors want to invest in and our coworkers want to work for. I'll now turn it over to Sarah to open up the call for questions.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Hey, Jamie, this is Jeff. Listen, we're subject to a gag order from the NMB, so I can't comment on it. I think that the terms of the contract will be, in their entirety, will be coming out relatively soon. I will tell you, though, that we believe this is a very competitive contract for us.
Jeffery A. Smisek: No, I'm not -- Jamie, I'm just not going to go there. We're not -- I'm not -- there's no reason for us to get on the wrong side of NMB right now, and we're not going to do that.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Helane, this is Jeff. Yes, we're finishing up the wording on the tentative agreement, and we anticipate that the tentative agreement to be out quite soon.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Duane, this is Jeff. No, that's fair. I mean, it's -- it also depends on lots of sort of random events, as well as weather. But we're very focused on making sure that we can maintain our operational reliability during periods of more stress, holiday periods, certainly going into next summer as well. We continue to take actions to make sure that we are prepared for that and that we're prepared to continue to deliver on reliability.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Sure. We have a very big project that will come up in terms of integrating our aircraft maintenance systems. We're going to do that over -- on a fleet-by-fleet basis over a considerable period of time. It's a monumental project, and it's a multiyear project. We also have to integrate our HR systems as well and we have other systems that, as you said, they just continue on and on. So we'll continue to have it. None of those systems, however, has the high profile of our passenger service system, our SHARES system, which powers not only everything that the customer does, but our website and our loyalty program as well, which is a massive system, nor does any of those require the level of retraining that the SHARES system did. So my judgment, we're over the really tough hurdle of IT, but there's a considerable amount of IT. And I will tell you that putting the 2 maintenance systems together is going to take a considerable period of time, and it is a monumental task. But that can be staged on a fleet-by-fleet basis over a considerable period of time, that's a multiyear project.
Jeffery A. Smisek: Josh, I'll let Jim join in a minute. But I will tell you, no, it's not cross your fingers. We're being very active. We're making -- all of our sales people are deployed and making sure that our customers understand that our reliability is back. We're making sure they understand the product investments were making because we've been talking about product investments, but these product investments take time to put on all these aircraft and a lot of our customers will see that for the first time in 2013. And they'll notice significant improvements in our product offerings. We're doing all we can to get our customers back. We're having -- we've got dinners around the system with our global services customers. I mean, we're being very active to make sure our customers understand that United is back. We're back on track. We continue to invest, and we're the airline for them to fly. And I'll ask Jim to add anything he'd like to add.
John D. Rainey: You're right. And we did have a swing in purchase deposits in the third quarter. We had almost $200 million there. That's just tied to the timing of aircraft deliveries. In total, I would say that we recognize in advance that this year was a bit of a bow wave with respect to capital spending for us. You'll see some of that bleed into next year. But we certainly want to get back to a more normalized level of capital spending over time.
John D. Rainey: Well, Hunter, I think that, first of all, it is something that we think about. We need to get to a point in this business where we are directly returning cash to shareholders. I don't think we're there yet. If you look at the progress that we've made over the last 3 to 4 years, reducing our net debt balance, it's decreased by almost $4 billion. But as pure financial theory would suggest, our equity values probably should've gone up as well and they haven't, haven't for us and they haven't for the industry. And so that suggests that there's still some instability, at least the market believes that, in our capital structure today. So I think, in terms of prioritization, we need to continue to improve our balance sheet. We need to get rid of a lot of the debt that is the chain around our neck, that it's non-aircraft debt. And we've got a significant opportunity at United. We've got about $3.5 billion of debt maturities over the next few years that have nothing to do with financing aircraft. I think as we begin to improve and strengthen our balance sheet, and then I think you should see earnings multiples improve in this business. We would have hoped we would have already seen it because we think we made significant progress. But once we take care of those things, I then think that you can have a more serious discussion about a share buyback or beginning to distribute a dividend.
John D. Rainey: Well, first of all, let me say I agree with the underlying premise of your question. It would be great if we could get to a point, as an industry, where we could better pass along our cost inputs, particularly fuel being the single largest expense that we have. We're unlike some of the other industries that people are quick to compare us to in terms of rail and freight, in terms of how far out we sell tickets. And we're exposed to that fuel price volatility. I think hedging is one of those things where it's -- there's perfect visibility in hindsight. We had over $500 million of hedge gains last year. I think, if you're comparing to U.S. Airways, a couple of things I'd point out. One is that there are geographic differences with respect to where we buy fuel. We have 50% of our capacity that's international. We buy a lot of fuel on New York Harbor and on the LA, which is much more expensive than Gulf Coast jets. So on just a pure unhedged basis, we're always going to have a bit of a premium to them, but we would think that we would also get a revenue premium by serving those markets. But in terms of what we're doing from a hedging perspective, we are thoughtful about this, and we recognize that, historically, we spent a couple of hundred million dollars a year in hedge premiums. And given what's happened to fuel more recently, we try to achieve the same amount of risk management but by spending less premium, and that's why you've seen our hedge policy or our actual instruments change a little bit over the last few years. But I think it's important for us to continue to protect against some of the short-term volatility. So absent the ability to pass along our fuel surcharge in the very immediate term, we're going to continue to hedge.
John D. Rainey: I think you're absolutely on the right track. If you look at our initial guidance with respect to the onetime integration expenses, we've realized a lot of those already, and I think you would expect to see those wind down appreciably next year. That said, we still have to achieve some labor agreements and there are a few other blips out there. You mentioned the PBGC. No, but that's noncash. So I think in a directional sense year-over-year, definitely, you would see a stronger cash flow next year as it relates to some of the onetime items.
John D. Rainey: Susan, this is John Rainey. As Jeff mentioned, we have a gag order imposed on us by the NMB, so I can't speak with a lot of specificity to this. What I can tell you is that it's, I would say, common in agreements like this to have an upfront payment. Some of that is contingent upon certain hurdles that will be achieved after the contract is signed. And we would expect the cash flows actually come towards year end and into next year.
John D. Rainey: To the extent that we think we're going to have a labor agreement, that will be -- and there's a cost, upfront cost to that, that will be built into our forward-looking guidance. But I will say, Susan, that this is a significant step forward for us. The pilots are a very visible group and they're a very important part of our airline. This is a group that's gone some period of time without getting a pay increase, and I think paying our labor groups competitively is important to our philosophy as a company. And we're actually pretty excited about the significant step forward.
James E. Compton: Mike, in terms of -- in Heathrow, it would -- what -- I guess I'm trying to zero in on what period you're thinking about or are looking at.
James E. Compton: Yes, so the -- what we have in there incrementally is a third trip on Houston to Heathrow at that time period as we put 3 767s into the market.
James E. Compton: Hey, Helane, this is Jim. Obviously, we can't comment on future pricing. Although last week, we did increase domestic fares $2, $3, $5 one way that, ultimately, at the end of the week, the industry matched. So we're always looking at the demand capacity and how that's -- and then pricing relative to kind of that demand capacity level in terms of where it sits.
James E. Compton: Hey, John, this is Jim. You're right. As we -- if you went back to the -- our first quarter earnings call, we talked about some of the issues that we faced in the first quarter and also in December, for instance, as we integrated 2 revenue management systems and we talked about some yield degradation in the month of December. So that, to your point, is clearly out there on a year-over-year basis. I would tell you that those systems have matured now, now that one source of data versus 2 systems beating the demand forecast and so forth. So that has matured and that is operating at a much higher level than what we were talking about in the first quarter. In terms of getting down to other specifically outperform -- I'm reluctant to talk about that. We recognize that we're not satisfied with our revenue performance in the third quarter, that we had dyssynergies. And quite frankly, we know that we're working really hard to get those synergies back. And so there's the timing. We're obviously very confident that we will, but that timing -- so it just makes it hard for me to comment on saying a specific timeline we would begin to outperform. But clearly, the things that you talked -- that you mentioned and I just talked about happened in December and the first quarter.
James E. Compton: I think the -- it depends on the case that we're talking about. Clearly, if you redeploy and you're putting capacity that's greater than what was in that market before, there's a little bit of a new market spool-up that is applied to that. So there is a timing issue to that. And it's different by every market, David. So it would be hard to kind of talk about it at that one point. On the other hand, obviously, we redeploy aircraft where the demand is not as great and we get the smaller aircraft on that route and the returns are immediate. So it's a little bit mix of both. I think, as I mentioned in my comments, we started to do a nice step-up in redeployment in the month of September. And at the same time, ran an 80% on time with the great work by the operations team in reliability. And so as we kind of -- although we've slowed down that pace of redeployment, as we continue to finish that up in the first quarter of 2013, we do expect those benefits would accelerate in 2013 under redeployment as we've now got the reliability back on track.
James E. Compton: Yes, that's somewhat although we've been doing both, quite frankly. Houston-Lima is a very early redeployment aircraft. New York to Buenos Aires -- we moved aircraft out of Dulles. And so -- but you're right. And then also, there's been a lot of domestic redeployments with the 737-900s and next-gen airplanes moving to the West Coast and getting on some longer haul markets. So it's a little bit mixed bag of both, but there will be more of both as we kind of accelerate in 2013.
James E. Compton: We haven't put a dollar figure on that. Clearly, internally, we know where we expect to be from a revenue performance point of view. And so really, quite frankly, right now, is our sales force throughout the process and currently is working with our corporate partners, our business travelers to, one, talk about the value of the network in light of the new reliability and so forth. So there's a lot of moving pieces as we move to December. So it would be hard to put a specific number on exactly what that is. But clearly, it was a negative number for us in the third quarter.
James E. Compton: Hey, Dan, as we've guided, the full year 2013, we're guiding toward 1% decline in capacity. As we move through the fourth quarter and into December, we'll give a lot more firmer guidance on that first quarter capacity. But at this point, we're guiding towards 1% decline and that's kind of where we're at for the full year and 2013 right now.
James E. Compton: Josh, the only thing I would add to Jeff is that, one, obviously, we don't -- it's not about hope, as Jeff mentioned, it's about what we -- the network is actually the one sustainable differentiator we have versus our competitors because it is the best network. And so as Jeff mentioned, it's about communicating to our customers, both our high-level customers, our corporate customers, all those things are going on right now. But at the bottom of it is it's back to talking about the great value that this network brings to our customers, and that's the differentiator for us. That's sustainable. It can't be replicated and that's why we're very excited about where we're headed.
James E. Compton: We won't -- we don't comment on pricing, but the conversation's about the great value of the network.
James E. Compton: Ted, this is Jim. That was one component of our RASM decline. There's yield pressures. There's competitive pressures. There's pricing pressure from competitors, all the standard things that are out there that can drive -- there's economic slowdown. There's high comps from last year. But clearly, what we want to do is focus on that piece of it that we consider revenue dyssynergy and work our way back. But there's a number of pieces that drive into what our performance would be year-over-year.
James E. Compton: I mean, I don't -- Ted, it would be hard for me to -- obviously, I don't see the other carriers' data and so forth. So what we're focused on is getting back to our leadership position in terms of RASM performance, and that's what we're really focused on right now.
