Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director: Thank you, Brendan. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release and separate investor update. Additionally, this morning, we issued a presentation to accompany this call. All three of these documents are available on our website at ir.united.com. Information on yesterday's release and investor update and remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company's current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our press release, Form 10-K, and other reports filed with the SEC by United Continental Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release and investor updates, copies of which are available on our website. Unless otherwise noted, special charges are excluded as we walk you through our numbers for the quarter. These items are detailed in our earnings release. Joining us here in Chicago to discuss our results are President and CEO, Oscar Munoz; Vice Chairman and Chief Revenue Officer, Jim Compton; and Senior Vice President of Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. We also have Chief Operations Officer and Executive Vice President, Greg Hart, in the room to assist with Q&A. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Oscar.
Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director: Thank you, Oscar. We'll now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question. If you'd like to ask another question, please reenter the queue after your question has been addressed. Brendan, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Jonathan Ireland - Managing Director: Thank you, Dan, and thank you to all for joining the call today. Please contact Investor Relations if you have any further questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Take care.
James E. Compton: Thanks, Oscar. As you can see on slide eight, our second quarter revenue declined 6.6%, nearly a full point better than our initial expectations primarily due to international yields, 4th of July holiday timing and other initiatives. With respect to the third quarter, we expect our passenger unit revenue to decline approximately 5.5% to 7.5% year-over-year with domestic and international PRASM to be in those same ranges. On slide eight, we defined each of the major headwinds we anticipate for the third quarter summing to approximately 3.5 points of drag on PRASM. I'd now like to explain what we are seeing in the current demand environment. Leisure bookings have been strong as travelers are taking advantage of attractive fare levels and a strong U.S. dollar. Corporate travel bookings in the second quarter were essentially flat with revenue down approximately 3% as corporate yields continue to be pressured. Looking towards the rest of the year, we expect to see further softening of corporate yields as summer leisure travel subsides. We will closely monitor these effects as they impact our closing yield, high-yield revenue. On our April earnings call, we provided an outlook for fourth quarter PRASM and I'd like to update you on that today. Due to downward revisions for fourth quarter GDP as well as a growing concern in the pace of corporate yield recovery, our fourth quarter estimates have been revised downward. In response, as you have seen from our announcement yesterday, we are reducing second half capacity to better align with demand. On slide nine, we show specific actions we have taken in each geographic entity. I'll let you read through the details on your own but rest assured, we are actively managing our network to optimize results in a challenging revenue environment and are seeing the results. For instance, as a result of our capacity reallocation, Houston had the best year-over-year PRASM of any hub in June, followed closely by San Francisco and Denver. Taking all these regional dynamics into account, with respect to capacity, as can be seen on slide 10, we now anticipate full year capacity to grow between 1% and 1.5%. As Oscar mentioned, we are currently in the process of closely evaluating our capacity for the fourth quarter and 2017. As I wrap up, I want to reiterate our focus on maximizing profitability throughout our entire network. We are constantly evaluating the revenue and profitability landscape to ensure we have the proper plan in place. We continue to be committed to growing our capacity in line with demand but remain willing and prepared to adjust when necessary. With that, I'll turn the call over to Gerry.
James E. Compton: Hey, Darryl. This is Jim. Hey, we're not – we're actually working on our 2017 plans, as I speak right now, and a lot of focus on that. So, it's too early for us to comment specifically on that. I will say, as we talked about this year and we talked about in the past years, we're focused on keeping capacity in line with demand. So, we're working through that process now and we plan to update you later in the year on what we're going to do in 2017.
James E. Compton: Andrew, if I could add just from a customer perspective on what we're hearing in the marketplace, as Oscar said, the level of operations is really, really strong and the operations team has proven it's sustainable and durable. We're hearing that back from our customers. Our corporate sales force on a routine basis is very excited about, for instance, going in and bringing in the scorecard of our corporate guarantee. And year-to-date, six plus months into it, we're not paying on it, which means we're meeting our commitment on terms of our operations. So, that – as Oscar said, it's hard to put a PRASM on it. Those are the things that will lead to PRASM. We're seeing our local share in our hubs rebounding back to levels that we saw before some of our integration issues. And so, we're really, really excited about it. And lastly, on our call in June, we talked about $300 million of operational efficiency, as well as some of the what I call choice as we get back in terms of being a carrier of choice among our corporate partners. That's a line item in there that does relate to PRASM. So, as Oscar said, a little bit too early to put a specific number on it but we're getting the right momentum.
James E. Compton: Hey, Savi, this is Jim. I think as we look out, and as I mentioned, fourth quarter, our expectations, given expectations of demand is measured by GDP declining, we expect obviously that to continue. The corporate business, although we see the demand flat, the revenue is down on lower yield. We expect that to continue. That's correlated to that expectations of GDP coming down, so that's part of what was driving it. So that's that domestic piece of our ability – of putting pressure on our ability that I talked about on our April call. Internationally, we did see weakness in trans-Atlantic PRASM in the second quarter. We're adjusting to that on our slide. We talked about the fourth quarter being down 1% to 2% capacity. So we're reacting to that, Our capacity was up about 2% in the second quarter. We're guiding to 0.6% to 1.6% in the third quarter and we're guiding to down 1% to 2%. So we're addressing some of that demand on the trans-Atlantic side aligning with that capacity with demand. Latin, we actually – that's the one where we actually see the quarter-over-quarter improvement on a RASM basis stronger than some of the other entities. And so, we feel good about where the Latin entity is heading as we head into the fourth quarter. On the Pacific side, it's really from a demand perspective, a lot of the things we talked about in the past with OA capacity. I will say our launches of our new markets are meeting or exceeding our expectations. We are particularly proud that we jumped back in the trans-Atlantic on this, but our San Fran/Tel Aviv flight is doing exceptionally well and our Asia flights are all meeting and exceeding our expectations. But the demand – there is still OA capacity demand. We are starting – we have an opportunity to start San Fran/Shanghai number two in October. So we're seeing a little bit of capacity from that but we think that over the long run that's the right investment for us to make.
James E. Compton: Yeah. Hey, Jamie, I think there is that one correlation with fuel price that has that impact on revenue. We talked about surcharges over time and so forth being down and that correlation in terms of how fuel has affected revenue. So, some of that – because I do agree in 2015, you're right: industry revenue as a percent of GDP was down and was an inflection point from previous years and I expect that will continue again today. And so, other than that correlation to fuel, I'll go back to the other thing we've talked about right? We have seen capacity grow faster than demand and that's putting pressure on yields and corporate demand is not growing at the pace. The corp yields, the corporate demand is not growing at that pace of capacity. We are pretty consistent. I mean, we're back to our initial year guidance on capacity and we're down from that initial year guidance on capacity, and that capacity even where we're guiding today will be less than what expectations of GDP today that we are talking to. So we're managing our plan in this environment and we feel pretty good about it. The last thing I would say is that on the June call we talked about our slimline and upgauge program. We have some modest growth in the third quarter. That capacity becomes really margin accretive. And so where leisure bookings are strong that's the capacity to absorb that leisure bookings. Lower RASM but at extremely lower cost CASM. So we really feel good about the plan we're rolling out.
James E. Compton: I think the other drivers are little bit of – I just mentioned, capacity is growing faster than demand across the industry and that's putting pressure on yields in an environment where corporate demand is not keeping up with that pace of capacity. And that higher yielding demand that's not there at that greater capacity puts pressure on PRASM. And the other piece is that modest capacity, in that modest capacity growth we have, if you look at our domestic, we will actually be slightly down in departures in the third quarter to drive that modest capacity growth. That's that margin accretive initiatives that we talked about in June giving a little bit more hold as we roll though the year. So, that's slimline growth and the upgauge strategy becoming less dependent on the regional and more dependent on to the main line. Again, it offers us ancillary product both first class and Economy Plus. But it does come in at RASM that's lower than the average but an even lower CASM which makes the margin accretive. Those are really the elements that are putting pressure on RASM.
James E. Compton: It has come down. And so – and due to that kind of revision down in GDP, the specific number, I don't have that in front of me where we were at from a forecast point of view. But given those GDP revisions, as that related to fourth quarter it's also impacting third quarter. So that weakness is rolling to the third quarter also.
James E. Compton: Hey, Mike. Thanks for the question. I think pricing actions always affect PRASM, but I think it's more a continuation of what the demand that we're seeing where demand is relatively flat on lower yields. So, one thing, as you move into a summer peak period and you have that leisure demand strength, it actually, with lack of better words props up your inventory. And so, your lower inventory buckets are not as open as much. One of the things we're watching as we move past that peak period of summer season is strong leisure demand. And to your point, kind of the corporate demand being relatively flat, that can put relatively more pressure on yields relative to the third quarter where you have peak demand, strong from the June, July, August months. But to answer your question, we're kind of seeing demand where it was at. I would note that as energy sector continues to be down year-over-year, it's decelerating at a slower rate. So, that's also putting pressure on us on a year-over-year basis as we go forward.
James E. Compton: Hey, Dan. Entry-level fares, yeah we are still targeting second half of this year, a lot of work going on in that area to roll that product out into the marketplace. We're very excited and when you asked what it means for United, it's going to allow us to have a price point that allows us to compete for sure against ultra-low cost carriers and allow us to move some of the dilution that we've placed on ourselves today with our current fare structure. So we're very excited about that. We see that rolling out in the second half of the year. And so, we look forward to updating you on that. And it will be significant, in our earnings call. We talked about revenue initiatives, of strong customer choice revenue initiatives of $2.5 billion by 2018. That entry-level fare is a piece of that but also pieces of that as we update and become much reliable on the regional carriers and introduce more first class and the Economy Plus will drive other components of ancillary revenue that we have out there today. And then, finally, on revenue management, as I mentioned on the call in June, we're in the process of moving to a new forecasting model. We call it Gemini. We're in the market. About 2% or 3% of our overall domestic revenue is affected by it and we're getting good results. And so, that is also part of our 2018 initiatives that we talked about that rolling out and we'll update you as we ago but we're still in the very early testing phases of it but getting good results from it.
James E. Compton: Hey. This is Jim. Yeah. I'm not going comment on pricing initiatives in the marketplace both ours and other carriers. I'm just not going to comment on that.
James E. Compton: Well, as I mentioned, it's – you know, the leisure period drives relatively better unit revenue in the peak summer months relative to other periods of the year. It's a little early for us to get a good handle on corporate demand as we move past the Labor Day weekends; we're very much focused on it. There are things we're lapping across our system that we've talked about in terms of how it affects unit revenue. On the corporate side, we're seeing flattish demand on lower yields and we're seeing GDP revisions step down and so we're keeping a close eye on that. Again, that's why we've adjusted capacity. Our capacity adjustments that we made to the rest of the year are across the system both international and domestic, and we'll continue to do that as we watch demand going forward.
James E. Compton: Slimline, our program is little bit over 50% rolled out right now. In our June call, we talked about it being 50%, so we're beyond that as we're into July now. So it's little bit 50%-plus on the whole network. And so that program is past the halfway point on the slimline side. In terms of profitability, it comes at a lower RASM but a lower CASM and we haven't put numbers around what that's worth yet. As we walk through the rest of the year, we'll update you folks on our initiatives and we can put some more color on that going forward. We did talk about that program, slimline and upgauge program, driving $800 million of contribution by 2018. So, we'll be able to update you where we are at as we go forward.
James E. Compton: Hi, this is Jim. You're absolutely right. It's minimizing dilution and that's the result that we're seeing. That's what we're targeting and in our test market that's also what we're seeing. So, it's consistent with what our expectations were.
James E. Compton: Hey, Savi, this is Jim. As it relates – you broke up a little bit on the question – in terms of Newark and the removal of slots, yeah, I think, we've seen – we work really, really closely with the FAA, and other carriers. The FAA would say they're oversubscribed in the peak slot period. And on their Level 2, they've worked with the carriers to make sure that we don't deteriorate the operations at Newark. And so we're hopeful and in very close contact with the FAA on that, working with them to do that. Outside of that, we're not seeing that much in terms of OA growing capacity. And so as it relates to – that's what we're seeing that's happening in Newark right now.
James E. Compton: Oh, on the energy, I am sorry. In terms of energy, we're still seeing the decline in energy demand. It is coming at a decelerated pace than what we've seen in the past but it's cumulative so it is impacting our RASM as we move through the rest of the year. The energy sector continues to weaken but at a slower rate.
James E. Compton: Yeah. This is Jim. Again, we'll focus on United's capacity. The one piece I'll point out is in Asia and the China capacity. There is limits to capacity growth based on the bilateral that's agreed between China and the U.S. government. And those bilaterals are almost to the point where they've been met. So that will have a natural kind of slowdown in capacity growth from the main U.S. to China. But I wouldn't to comment on other industry capacity around other regions of the world.
James E. Compton: We saw capacity growth in China grow over 20% in Q2. And so, obviously, there is run rates that affect as you think about going forward. But pretty much all of it, the – we're close the route authorities being granted between the two countries work (52:00) out but we did see capacity growing at a little bit over 20% in the second quarter.
James E. Compton: Hey, Dan, it's Jim. The international upgaugings are really, really small piece, and it's driven mainly by the 767-300 conversions to two class. So that's driving a little bit of that upgauging. It's a really, really small piece of the upgauging that we talked about on our $3.1 billion initiative.
James E. Compton: And, in addition, as you think about 2018, when the A-350s come, that fleet will all be part of international upgauging but again in total very small piece.
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP: Thanks, Jim. A summary of our financial performance can be seen on slide 12 for GAAP financials and slide 13 for non-GAAP financials. Excluding special items, pre-tax earnings were $1.4 billion with a pre-tax margin of 14.5%. Importantly, our earnings per share were $2.61, a 25% improvement year-over-year when adjusted for taxes as we continue to repurchase shares. Moving to slide 14, non-fuel unit costs for the quarter grew 2.5%, when excluding special charges, profit sharing and third-party expenses. For the third quarter, we expect non-fuel unit costs to grow 2.5% to 3.5% and for the full year, we continue to expect unit costs to grow to 2% to 3%, despite reducing capacity by almost 1 point versus initial expectations. This guidance includes the benefits of our annual efficiency savings initiatives from our 2013 cost savings program as well as our recently announced 2016 program. In total, we expect these two programs to drive $400 million of cost benefit when compared to 2015. This CASM guidance also includes the impact from the three ratified labor agreements reached this year, but does not include any assumptions associated with the tentative agreement we recently reached with our flight attendants. Once ratified, we will provide more specifics on the impact to our cost. Based on the guidance we have provided for revenue and costs, we expect our pre-tax margin to be between 13.5% and 15.5% for the third quarter. With respect to cash, in the second quarter, we generated approximately $2.5 billion of operating cash flow and $1.8 billion of free cash flow. As you can see on slide 15, during the quarter we invested approximately $770 million in the business and took delivery of two Boeing 787-9 aircraft and two Boeing 737-800 aircraft. As Oscar mentioned, we repurchased approximately $700 million of our shares in the quarter. As of the end of the second quarter, we still have approximately $255 million remaining on our prior $3 billion authorization. Additionally, as announced yesterday, our board has approved a new $2 billion share repurchase authorization. Returning cash to our shareholders is a core element of our capital allocation strategy. However, this will not be done at the expense of the health of our balance sheet, as maintaining manageable debt levels is critical to running the airline through a variety of economic cycles. In conclusion, throughout the quarter, we have continued to demonstrate strong cost discipline, a commitment to invest in our business and a desire to reward our shareholders. We believe the plan we have in place positions us well to continue these actions going forward, while allowing us to be nimble and responsive to a changing economic environment. I'll now turn it back over to Oscar.
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP: Sure. Joe, one thing I talked before about looking at free cash flow net of aircraft financing, we've had this discussion that rather we choose to lease aircraft or buy aircraft that can make material difference in free cash flow. So, when I am looking at cash and cash allocation, I do take that into account. And we had to finalize our plan to aircraft financing closer to the start of the year, but just kind of looking at where our aircraft CapEx next year is and kind of what we did this year, I think it's reasonable to assume have a range of about half to two-thirds of our aircraft CapEx being financed next year. So you could probably plug that into your number. It could be a little bit less, it could be a little bit more depending on interest rates but in the current interest rate environment, as you've seen us and others do, the capital markets are quite attractive. So, that's one lever we have sort of depending on the environment how much of our aircraft CapEx is financed. In terms of other levers, we can always dial down non-aircraft CapEx. We've had reasonable experience doing that. Aircraft CapEx, the only comment I would make is that it tends to be the case that when a manufacturer is building an aircraft, they expect you to take it, and they tend to start cutting metal, call it 18 months, 15 months ahead of schedule. So, you pretty much lock in most of the year's aircraft sort of if not now, within the next few months but you can do a lot with aircraft beyond that and we've done that in the past when necessary.
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP: We're really focused on profitability, as Oscar mentioned in his comment. And so our initiatives out there are focused on doing that. As we lay out that game plan, we're focused on optimizing RASM every day and then put some RASM. And so, as we move through the rest of this quarter into the fourth quarter, we'll be able to get a little more insight and kind of continue to update you guys where we think PRASM is and ultimately where that lands relatively to positive PRASM growth.
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP: It puts some pressure on CASM. We've dealt with this in the past. Last year, in a situation of declining capacity versus our original guidance, we managed CASM down actually. So, this is all part of the process we have of always looking at opportunities to run the business more efficiently and to drive the cost savings through the various initiatives we have. It's not one thing. It's just all those little things that add up to our ability to manage CASM even in a declining capacity environment.
Gerald Laderman - Senior VP: Sure. So, Mike, the important point is that we need to maintain a healthy balance sheet. We're there, particularly when you talk – when you add our pension obligation, and when I talk about healthy balance sheet, it's really about managing through a cycle. And we're very comfortable that we would continue to have access to capital through a cycle. We have about $8 billion of unencumbered assets. So I'm comfortable with where our leverage is today, given our business and given what we're trying to do. So, we don't need to significantly reduce leverage at all. And with the additional CapEx I expect over the next few years, I said when we raised our CapEx guidance back in March with the additional aircrafts our 50 (53:44) seat issue, as well as the early retirement of 747. All of those aircrafts, I would expect to finance and with sort of the range I put out earlier on the call and what I expect to do next year, I think if you run the arithmetic, you would not see a decline in our gross debt number over the next year or two.
Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Gerry. As you've heard, we've made substantial progress in the second quarter but we know there is more work to do. It has already been quite a busy summer and will continue to be up, for us here at United, as we work to set up our next chapter. I look forward to sharing more of this with you later in the year. I'd like to close by thanking our customers for flying United. Our operation is running well, our schedules are adapting to meet your needs and our airport and onboard products continue to elevate your flying experience. Thank you for choosing United and look forward to seeing you on a flight soon. With that, I'll turn it over to Jonathan for Q&A.
Oscar Munoz: I think with regards to duration, I think companies make the mistake of doing these near-term things and then stopping. It's a dynamic world and you have to adjust accordingly but you have to start with a full blown thrust, and it's amazing how quick news travels. I just issued that note this morning to our employees. It is a top to bottom full-scale view on everything that we do. It's something that we have to do and acknowledge and that involves the management structure and who is aligned. I've always said that structure follows strategy and so developing in the near-term what our North Star is, has, I think, been the critical plan. So we do have a finite time period that we'll work through over the summer. We have a board meeting in September where we'll sort of talk a lot about this, and you'll hear about it in our fourth quarter Investor Day. And then, again, it will change as the dynamics of the competitive marketplace do. But we're excited. It is spanning the globe, if you will, with regards to the conversations we're having. We have more than a few work streams working around every little thing to product offerings, to the broader issues around capacity and network planning. And so, I think it's exciting. So, thank you for asking that.
Oscar Munoz: No. I was looking at Greg. I don't know that I have a number specifically for the PRASM impact. But with regards to your question about what's generating this, first and foremost is the incredible passion of the professionals that run our business. They have re-engaged in a way that we haven't seen in a long time. And that's just not me talking; you can ask a lot of folks that are seeing that benefit. They are just working hard and they're engaged and I think that's a big critical factor. In addition, over time, between project quality, a lot of the process and procedures and investments that we've made in the business, which are substantial, are all assisting those folks, giving them the tools to properly do their job. And the benefits, again, it's a good question that we should come up with a more quantitative answer. It is a significant value. I'd say running better is running cheaper and we are seeing that and we'll get you a better number here in the course of time.
Oscar Munoz: As we said to the sales force, Jim and I, the notion that we can't sell anymore because we don't a particularly good product, that excuse is no longer on the table.
Oscar Munoz: No, no. You get one question. You got to get back in line but I just (30:40) by the way, it's a very thoughtful question as all of them are but the concept of the self-inflicted portion I think is a very interesting one, and somebody had asked me earlier about the work that we're doing here over the summer. We have to explore that a little bit to make sure that we're not just following historical conventional wisdom all the time because again, as I said, it's a dynamic marketplace and we have to find either the secular impacts or things that we can generate or do better. So, thanks. We'll go to the next call.
Oscar Munoz: It's a great question and one that we are in the process of developing with that specific public measure that we're going to be driving to and obviously keeping you updated on. They all have merit. We're going to pursue all of them and certainly, it's more profitable; it's margin improvement; it's closing the margin gap to others or whatever the big drivers are. It's a great question but we will certainly definitely tell you at our fourth quarter Investor Day. It will be the culminating part of our conversation I suspect.
Oscar Munoz: We have not done that for a host of different reasons but there are incredible inefficiencies by the way its structured today and we are so anxious to put this behind us for so many different reasons. One of them being the efficiency, mostly the level of service we could provide across our system. So, thank you.
