Kristina Munoz: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to United’s second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Yesterday, we issued our earnings release, which is available on our website at ir.united.com. Information in yesterday’s release and the remarks made during this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, which represent the company’s current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and financial performance. All forward-looking statements are based upon information currently available to the company. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release, Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC by United Airlines Holdings and United Airlines for a more thorough description of these factors. Also, during the course of our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the tables at the end of our earnings release. Joining us on the call today to discuss our results and outlook are: Chief Executive Officer, Scott Kirby; President, Brett Hart; Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Nocella; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gerry Laderman. In addition, we have other members of the executive team on the line available to assist with Q&A. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Scott
Kristina Munoz: Thank you, Jerry. We will now take questions from the analyst community. Please limit yourself to one question and if needed, one follow-up question. Brandon, please describe the procedure to ask a question.
Kristina Munoz: Thanks to all for joining the call today. Please contact Investor Relations if you have any further questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Scott Kirby: Hey, David, good to talk to you. What I'd say is the 6,000 voluntary, first, I'd like to thank everyone at United, all the 6,000. And there's another approximately 26,000 people, who've taken temporary voluntary programs at United so far. So thank all of them for their selfless action and doing what they can to help United and their fellow coworkers get through this. It's a testament to how much people care about this company and doing the right thing. But look, I think of it is, there's 32,000 people so far who've raised their hands and taken a voluntary program. We are still working with some of our other unions as well. So I expect, if we get those deals done, we will have opportunity to have any more. But at least I think of it as that 32,000 number is probably the more relevant metric, because some of those are temporary. And look, we know that there's going to be a recovery. And if we can keep people temporarily, maybe not on the payroll full-time, but engaged, connected to the company, certified, trained and ready to bounce back, because the bounce -- the recovery is going to be quick, that's really important to us. So we feel pretty good – we feel really good actually about where we are in the voluntary program so far.
Scott Kirby: Look, I'm not going to comment on the specifics of the negotiations. But I would say, we've been transparent and honest with everyone from the beginning, including our employees and our labor union and all of you. And that helps set the foundation. And this is a situation where our interests are aligned. This is not a traditional kind of adversarial types of discussions. We all share the goal of getting through what we all know is a temporary crisis and getting to the other side. We wish that there was going to be no pain to get through it, but we all now recognize that this pandemic is deeper, and it's going to last longer than we would have hoped. And because of that, there is going to be some pain. And so the discussions are about how do we minimize that in the most humane way jointly with our people and I feel good -- I feel really good about where we are.
Scott Kirby: Yes. Hey Duane, I'll try that. I don't think we know what the exact path will be and we'll acknowledge that we don't know what the exact path will be. But what I would say is we've been reasonably accurate, very much center of the fairway in forecasting both the course of the pandemic and the impact of demand so far and we expect it to be jagged like this.  For what it's worth, I also think that while we took a step back in the last few weeks, as Andrew said, that has plateaued, I think that we, as a country and a society, have learned some lessons about what we should do, particularly wearing masks. And that we'll be more up from here. The kind of demand that I think is going to come back, but one, also, I think it's important for people to understand, and I said this earlier on TV today that an aircraft actually is a uniquely safe environment. And that is confusing to people because you hear all -- you hear about being an indoor spaces and the transmission of a virus. But aircraft are designed as to have airflow that goes from the ceiling down to the floor and out. And that air is taken -- either 50% of the air that's coming back into the cabin has been re-filtered through a HEPA-grade filter, and 50% is coming from the outside. And that, combined with our mask policies and our cleaning policies, makes an aircraft a uniquely safe environment. And so for people that are wanting to go on a business trip or on a vacation or to visit family and relatives, one of the safest parts of their journey is going to be on an airplane, that's really important for us at United and for the industry, to get back to that 50% level. I think we're going to have to get understanding that flying somewhere instead of getting in a car and driving for 13 hours, you're safer actually flying. And I very, very much believe that to be the case. And we're taking additional steps announced this week to make sure the whole travel process is safe, including in the airports or before the engine start on an airplane. All of that, I think will allow a reasonable recovery in visiting family and relatives. A lot of other leisure travel is not going to get back to 100%. My guess is, I think Disney World sounds like they're doing a great job, but it's not going to be at 100% capacity. But you know business demand, I think, will start to come back. The small kind of group stuff will start to come back, but we're not going to have 180,000 people show up at Consumer Electronics in Las Vegas this January, like they did last January. Those kind of meetings just aren't going to happen. Companies are not going to have their top 500 salespeople come in every year, at the end of the year for a big party and a celebration until we're past the pandemic and there's a widely available vaccine. So you add all that up, I think we're going to be a gradual trajectory from today's level of demand up to 50%, where we'll plateau. And then I think there'll be a rapid recovery once we get to kind of a widespread vaccine. I'm not sure how long it takes to get to 50, but that's a very expansive answer of how we get to 50, why we think it will be 50 and what's important to get there.
Scott Kirby: And Hunter, I want to take a minute to brag on the commercial team. Andrew may not have been as direct about it. United Airlines and our – the whole company, but led by our commercial team has done a better job, I think, than any airline in the entire world and be -- recognizing what the pandemic has meant for demand and taking advantage of opportunities where they present themselves, whether that was for passenger demand. Andrew mentioned some of the places internationally that we're the only airline flying. Our cargo team, led by Jan Krems, 36% increase in cargo. I mean, who would have ever thought we could do something like that. And I know some of the stuff that they're working on that is creative. And I have confidence that the United team uniquely is going to be able to find opportunities to more appropriately match capacity to demand, but also to uniquely outperform by finding the pockets of demand where there is real opportunity.
Scott Kirby: I'm not going to talk about Luc's compensation on a public call. But Luc and his team have done a truly phenomenal job, not just what they've done on what they and Mike Leskinen and the whole finance and legal teams getting the MileagePlus Holdings deal done. But Luc went through a great negotiation, collaborative negotiation with Chase, which we announced like literally two days before the Italy news, so really good timing on our renewed deal with Chase. And as Andrew said, that's been a partnership that's working really well. And Luc is a great asset and his whole team for United. We make sure they get the resources they need to keep growing this business. And we also appreciate the partnership with JPMorgan Chase, who invest a lot in also growing this partnership.
Scott Kirby: So, Savi, I'll at least try, and I probably won't give you the answer you want, which is I'll start by saying, I think it's not correct to try to disaggregate the various components, whether it's cost, capacity, demand as separate variables because they're not independent variables, they're combined. And what we think will happen moving from the third quarter into the fourth quarter is we'll continue to make progress on costs, which will be a little bit of a tailwind. And we think the net effect of capacity and -- or cost efficiency -- the net effect of capacity and demand is going to continue to get better. We don't know that. Nobody can really give you an accurate forecast, but we'll be flexible. But if we just had to guess -- if I had to guess on what cash burn is going to be for the fourth quarter, I would guess it's going to average in the $15 million to $20 million range. A little bit of that at cost, but mostly about an improving demand environment and an improving demand environment relative to the amount of capacity you have to deploy to generate the demand. But if demand is stronger, there'll be more capacity and therefore, more cost. If demand is weaker, there'll be less capacity and less cost. But I actually have a higher degree of confidence in our ability to forecast maybe even too strong a word, but have an expectation of cash burn, than I do the other variable. And if I had to make a bet today, I'd bet on somewhere in the $15 million to $20 million range for the fourth quarter.
Scott Kirby: Well, we're definitely not having that particular conversation because it would be illegal. But what we have been talking to people about is ways to get people flying again and to increase demand. And in fact, yesterday, United Airlines was proud to sign along with Lufthansa, IAG and American Airlines, a letter that went to governments on both sides of the Atlantic, asking that they consider allowing people to begin traveling back and forth between Europe and the U.S., if they get a negative COVID test as a way to start reopening borders and way to safely start reengaging in travel. So our focus, as we've talked internationally, has been about how to get consumers flying again.
Scott Kirby: Look, I'm not an expert on when a vaccine is going to be available and widely distributed. But I've been reading a lot about it. It seems pretty clear, it's going to also require multiple vaccines. And when we talk about a vaccine, it needs to be a vaccine that's been tested, found to be effective, manufactured, distributed and given to a wide percentage of the population. So I think that's probably longer than what is in some of the media. I certainly hope its sooner, but we'll let you go to other experts to find what it is. At United though, we're at least planning as a scenario that it takes until late next year before that really happens, and we hope it's better than that.
Scott Kirby: So, look, we, as we said, have been taking significant actions to increase consumer confidence. And we ran, I think, a 35% load factor in the second quarter. We're projecting a 45% load factor in July. And importantly -- but that's about confidence. We have incredible confidence in the safety of the airplane, but that’s about consumer confidence. Importantly, it's at end. We are also notifying customers when we have a 70% load factor or higher and giving them the option to switch to another flight, if they don't feel comfortable. And, to date, fewer than 1% of our customers are taking us up on that. Earlier in the call, I talked about why an airplane is safe, and we have high confidence in the safety of an aircraft. It is not the same as be in another indoor space. It's not the same as being in a restaurant. It's not the same as being in an office building, or even a hospital, because the air comes in from the ceiling, it goes past the customer down to the floorboard, back into the ventilation system and then is either filtered through HEPA-grade air filters or 50% of the air re-circulated into the cabin is from the outside. And that is a uniquely safe environment that exists nowhere other than on an aircraft. And you combine that with our mask policies and our cleaning protocols and it really is one of the safest places you can be if you're going to leave your house and we have high, high confidence in that. And other steps that we take -- because we have high confidence in the safety, the other steps that we're taking are about consumers -- getting consumers confident. And so that's why our policy has been with -- what it has been. We kept load factors low intentionally to help build confidence, to help explain the story that aircrafts are safe.
Scott Kirby: So the vast majority of our employees and customers already follow the mask policy because they recognize it's the right thing to do for the safety of everyone. And so we have very high compliance. Since the mask policy has been in place, we've carried in the millions of customers, and we've had fewer than 30 that we have had to actually take action against. So, the vast majority of people are compliant, agree, appreciate. It is a distinctly small minority that are few -- that don't want to wear a mask. And look, we'll welcome them back when this is all over and masks not required, but they're not going to be flying on United during the pandemic if they won't wear a mask.
Gerry Laderman: Hey, it's Gerry. So, the short answer is it's a combination of everything. And I think you're referring to our prior guidance, which had third quarter cash burn a little higher than what we're currently expecting. And I would say, versus when we established that guidance, while demand has taken a turn, it's still a little higher than what we assumed back then. We're also doing a nice job on continuing on savings on costs, including -- well, cash costs, so including in that would be some CapEx that we're saving. So, it's sort of a combination of everything that has driven us to be able to refine our forecast and estimate a lower cash burn than we assumed a few months ago for the quarter.
Gerry Laderman: Yeah. For the third quarter, I would say that number is going to be around down 45% just given where we are with capacity. Too early to tell going forward until we set capacity beyond the third quarter, but it gives you a sense of where we are.
Gerry Laderman: The answer is no. The $700 million does not show up in 2021. It's really three things. It's the impact of our agreement to move aircraft out of 2022. So instead of taking a fair number of MAX in 2022, we're now committed to take zero. That has an impact on pre-delivery deposits. There are also a couple of aircraft -- some number of aircraft that were in the capital expenditure forecast that were Embraer 175 later this year that we now expect will be taken by a regional partner, so that's out of our CapEx. And then there is also just a little bit of other work done. So that's what brought the number down. I would point out that of that $3.7 billion we're now forecasting for the year, about $1 billion of that is actually the present value of aircraft lease expense. We're taking a fair number of these new aircraft under operating leases that we are accounting as CapEx, the present value of those leases. That's about it. But if you back that out, and you remember that $2 billion of CapEx was spent in the first quarter, so excluding the leases, our CapEx for the last nine months of the year is down to about $700 million.
Gerry Laderman: Sure. I expect that we would use as collateral for the CARES Act loan, if we choose to take it and draw down the available route slots and gates. And so I mentioned that the remaining collateral not counting MileagePlus or the pool of routes that we're going to hold available for U.S. treasury is at least $9 billion. And that's a combination of remaining routes, hard assets, equipment and the like as well as equity in assets that are encumbered but where there's availability of second lien. I should point out, that does not include some other assets that other airlines have actually used successfully as collateral. For example, United brand itself has value. It does not include the brand. It does not include the value of the domestic hub network. Those are things that have real value. We have not included those yet, but we do know that since other airlines have used those assets, that would be available on top of the $9 billion I just described.
Gerry Laderman: Yes. So, in any given year, cash CapEx, when you take into account aircraft financing is always going to be pretty small relative to the total number since most of our CapEx has historically been for new aircraft, and those are always financed. 2022 is just too far out to speculate right now. I can tell you, though, that for the next few years, CapEx is going to be lower than what historically has been because we have other priorities as we come out of this crisis, principally restoring our balance sheet before we make significant investments. For next year, because we still have aircraft where the metal was effectively being cut when this crisis has started, we will take delivery of. It's still going to be a couple of billion dollars. $2 billion-ish is our target right now. And we'll have more clarity on that over the next few months.
Gerry Laderman: Yes. So, we were able to, as you may remember, in that transaction, upsize the transaction from what we originally went to the market with, which basically used up the availability of the first-lien capacity. The way that deal is structured though, because it is amortizing starting in year 3, as it amortizes, we're able to re-borrow against that collateral. So it becomes a facility if we want that we can continue to borrow against in the future.
Gerry Laderman: Cathy actually, I'm not focused so much on those cost numbers as I am on cash burn. So I think in terms of cash burn, more than anything else. But to try to answer your question I would say that, with your assumptions I would say that, costs are going to be about the same as what we're seeing now. So basically, that decline is flat going to the fourth quarter. Two things I would mention, by the way about the fourth quarter on cash burn. We do have in addition to our normal debt amortization, $300 million maturity in the quarter. So principal payments in the fourth quarter will be higher than, for instance, in the third quarter. And, of course, there would be some one-time costs as we rightsize the labor force that we'll also have in the fourth quarter.
Gerry Laderman: Yes. Let me just add a couple of things. One, even the Pratt-powered 757s, which if you look at what our original expectation was on their retirement, it is probably likely that they're not going to come back. But even those aircraft would be available if there was a rapid recovery. Just our expectations are those are the first to go. And just in terms of the amount of time, we have plenty of time, measured in years. The aircraft are being cared for properly stored and can be pulled out for the desert when and if we need them.
Andrew Nocella: I guess I'll take that. Scott described how this is going to come back. And by the way, I think our international gateways are going to comeback quicker. And I think our international gateways naturally have a lot of place that other gateways don't have, which you see in our numbers, so the answer is more.
Andrew Nocella: What I would say, Hunter is we're – we did a pretty good job of it in Q2. We've got a little bit ahead of ourselves in July, but that's really based on how demand changed and some -- the pricing environment that we see out there. But I think the think the answer to your question is, yes because we're going to get better and better at forecasting this. And we're now getting results in that we're looking at everyday about where we're making more and less money, both domestically and overseas. And we're refining the forecast. And we're tilting our capacity more towards what we'd say VFR markets and leisure market, which is also going to help. So I think as we optimize and refine the schedule, we can continue to push the numbers in the right direction.
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Jamie, it's Andrew. It's just shy of $5 billion. But there are some stats there, what's coming in as our new revenue and what's coming in is the redemption of the EPCs and other instruments like that. And it's about two-thirds new revenue and one-third redemption of previous tickets. Refunds, as we get further and further into the pandemic, less and less of the booking curve was – are booked, obviously, in the past, best effectiveness now. So the refund rates are coming down. And those numbers, I think, are all kind of moving in the right direction, but roughly a two-third, one-third split and just shy of $5 billion right now for ATL.
Andrew Nocella: Hi, Helane, it's Andrew. Actually, the good news on that front is we are seeing an ever-increasing rate of our premier members in the frequent flier program flying again, maybe not for business but for personal reasons. So they're getting back on an airplane. Obviously, if you go way back to April, that number was incredibly low. But we're seeing really nice progress in that front. So it's all moving in the right direction. Is it back to where it was before the crisis in terms of percentages? No, we do have a higher percentage of nonmembers on board than we used to. But that number, to me, looks like it's recovering very nicely as people get more comfortable flying on airplanes.
Andrew Nocella: We always work at that and also to get them to hold our credit card, obviously, which has done extraordinarily well during the crisis as well. Our credit card situation is completely diverse at this point from our passenger revenue situation. So that's going well. But we will continue to work to convert them, but it definitely is a different makeup of passengers, as we look back in time. But as we look forward in time, it seems to be moving back towards normal. But again, normal won't be achieved until I think there's a vaccine.
Andrew Nocella: The only thing I would add is that, the transparency that others now see, we always saw internally. And we always recognize the enormous value there, and we'll continue to push it. And Luc is the right guy for the job and has a lot of creative ideas. We've seen that over the last year, and we'll see even more of it going forward. And I'm sure he'll be talking about his compensation with me right after this call. So thanks a lot.
Andrew Nocella: Well, first, what I would say is that, we did have an advantage in that, cargo tends to go to and from our hubs. So we have a well-established network with our people and our distributors and that just was really humming. I would say – and the other thing I'll point out is that, our cargo revenue in the second quarter and the first month was actually kind of flattish. So you can just imagine what May and June looked like. They were just really off the charts. Cargo revenue does come in rather close to departure time. So it's a little bit more difficult to predict, but we expect it to have another great quarter. And really, as long as the global fleet of wide-bodies is not flying like it normally is industry-wide, we think cargo is going to be pretty strong in terms of the yield production which it is and our ability do cargo only charters. But again, a big thanks to our team. And again, really, this is one of the advantages of our hub system because cargo wants to go from our gateways to around the world. And so we can easily take advantage of it. And we did so expect more of that in the third quarter. Whether it's at the levels of 2Q, I think it's a little bit early to tell, but it definitely will outperform year-over-year based on what we're seeing here in July already.
Andrew Nocella: Yeah, Mike, I would say forecasting is a little bit more challenging these days than normal. We definitely saw very high close-in demand in May, in particular, in early June, which quite frankly, it was nice to see, got the load factors and revenue moving in the right direction. I will say that tapered off a bit as the quarantine hit in New York City and then Chicago and elsewhere and borders got even more restricted. So I don't know where it is on the realm of normalcy, but it was very high in May and early June. It's lower now that these events have happened. And once things start to get back on the road to recovery, I do expect that the booking curve will have moved closer in. And all of that's to say, it's really is difficult to predict revenue at this point and get the capacity equation optimized like we'd like to. But I think we're going to get better and better at it as we go forward, but that's where we are. So that is -- what we're seeing what IATA told you, and I think that's consistent, although in recent weeks, that's changed.
