Scott Kirby: Thank you, Oscar, and thanks everyone for joining us on the call today. I would like to start by thanking our employees who continue to run one of the best operations in the world. Running a great operation is table stakes for winning customer loyalty, and on top of that, the people of United Airlines are focused on improving customer service and we’re seeing that in our internal customer service metrics. I know it’s tough to model operational reliability and customer service, and it takes time for those improvements to translate into customer choice and higher revenue, but at United, we're already seeing that show up in our top line. As we've said many times, running a reliable operation and great customer service are fundamental to our success. And without it, our growth strategy simply can't be successful. As Oscar mentioned, on the 1st of this month, our flight attendant integration took place. We're thrilled to have all of our flight attendants flying on common mettle [ph]. During the week of the integration, our entire leadership team had the privilege of visiting our crew bases around the world to meet with our flight attendants who are the key to our product and customer service. It's energizing to get to talk to hundreds of flight attendants and hear their enthusiasm for the future and their ideas on what more we can do to make the customer experience even better. Moving on to the revenue environment. With the exception of some countries in Latin America, we continue to see very strong demand across all regions and cabins. Andrew will provide additional details in a moment, but this is one of the best revenue environments we've ever seen. And coupled with the commercial, operational, customer service and growth initiatives we had in place, I've never felt as excited and optimistic about the near term and the long term as I do right now at United.  While Andrew will talk more about the revenue environment, I can't help but steal a little bit of his thunder to brag on what the team under his leadership, combined with support from the rest of the company, has accomplished with the growth plan. In January, we unveiled our growth strategy, and this summer profitability exceeded even our expectations. We grew our mid-continent hubs nearly 10% in the third quarter with an almost 7% increase in PRASM. At the same time, we continue to grow the balance of the network in line with GDP and delivered a strong 5.6% increase in PRASM in those markets. Looking ahead, we're obviously encouraged to have been able to raise our 2018 adjusted EPS guidance each quarter as we went through the year in spite of the headwind from higher fuel. While 2018 has started off ahead of our three-year plan, we continue to be focused on delivering or exceeding our target $11 to $13 in adjusted EPS in 2020. The growth plan is the means to the end for delivering on our commitments in 2020 and beyond, and we're pleased to see it working so well so quickly.  For full-year 2018, we now estimate that we'll be able to pass through about 90% of the run-up from fuel, up from 75% last quarter allowing us to raise our 2018 adjusted EPS guidance for the third time. It was also encouraging to see pretax earnings grow modestly in the third quarter. We're also looking forward to returning to margin growth, however. As we ended the third quarter and entered the fourth quarter, we were cautiously optimistic that the fourth quarter was going to be the quarter we turned the corner and returned to margin expansion. Unfortunately, the recent rapid run-up in fuel now makes that more difficult for the fourth quarter. As we demonstrated throughout the year, we've done a good job of recovering the increase in fuel prices, but it does come with a lag, which makes it hard to recover large intra-quarter moves in fuel within that quarter. We're looking forward to 2019 when we do expect to not only deliver on adjusted EPS growth, but also return to adjusted pretax margin expansion. So far, 2018 has been a great year for United. The team continues to execute on the growth plan while running a smooth operation and providing a better experience for our customers. We're still in the early innings on many of our initiatives and are about proving that United is on the right path to be the best airline for customers, employees and investors. We're working every day to be the airline that our customers want to fly. Our success in the third quarter is another step towards realizing United's full potential. And with that, I'll turn it over to Andrew. 
Scott Kirby: So we’ve made incredible progress over the last couple of years with our JVs, particularly the Atlantic JV with Air Canada and Lufthansa. We work much more closely together. We’ve done a good job of getting our interests aligned, and you could see that in our results. Some of our improvement across Atlantic is because of the better cooperation and partnership with those two airlines. Ours is a revenue based sharing instead of profit sharing. And mathematically, those come to essentially exactly the same answer, so it’s a lot more complicated to do profit sharing instead of revenue sharing, and I think the answer at the end of the day is essentially exactly the same. And so, we’re not philosophically opposed to it, but really don’t see much upside and given all the brand damage it would take, more unlikely we’d go to that.
Scott Kirby: So, we have increased our travel agency payments and corporate payments. I think if you went back and looked at the history, you’d see that, that was a responsive measure as opposed to a leading measure, and really basically, our philosophy, we’re not going to lose share over something like that. Our goal is also not to win share through that, but to win share through being the airline that customers choose to fly, but we can’t allow ourselves to lose share when our competitors are out trying to buy it.
Scott Kirby: In terms of hitting our earnings target, however, we believe as has been demonstrated this year that there is a link between fuel prices and revenue. It does come with a short lag. But much like this year, if we just started the year and just look at the forward fuel curve, it went up pretty significantly. And our revenues and other initiatives kicked in to recover that increase in fuel price. And as we look at 2019 and at 2020, it really is not predicated on a price of fuel. It is predicated on the relationship between revenue and fuel price, and that's what gave us confidence earlier this year to put out a 2020 target. It's what gives us confidence today to say that we can have margin expansion next year and gives us confidence that we can hit the 2020 target of $11 to $13 because regardless of what fuel does, we believe we'll be able to recover those increases or those changes with the short lag.
Scott Kirby: Looking backwards, in fact, going all the way back to January or February last year when we were in New York, I think we said Gemini was worth roughly 0.7. We've analyzed how we think Gemini is doing, and we do think it's in that range, if not a little bit above that range. So we're pretty pleased by that, and we are continuing to make more improvements to the system. In fact, we made a number of significant tweaks this summer. So as those fully ramp up into the system, we think it has some upside going into 2019. We're not breaking out all the other initiatives. As I said when I started the call, we literally have hundreds of different things we're working on. Some of them are really big like Gemini, our redevelopment, our lounge network for Polaris or putting Premium Plus on aircraft, and some of them are really small that would never get anybody's attention. But we're all working together as one team and making sure we have a strong pipeline of items that can continue to drive incremental RASM as we go forward – or incremental margin, more to the point. And so we're really pleased by that. It requires a constant set of innovations and changes and building that pipeline to make sure that we can continue to do that as far as the eye can see. And I feel really comfortable that the whole commercial group is on target to continue to deliver that, and we're really pleased with the results so far.
Scott Kirby: So we'll give formal 2019 capacity in January. We're in the process of building the budget. And the team is doing the bottoms-up build, which is how we build our capacity plan, not top-down. All of that is driven by the North star meeting or exceeding our 2020 earnings target of $11 to $13 per share. And we're not dogmatic about capacity. But to the extent it is the best way to achieve that, then we're going to be focused on achieving our commitment for the $11 to $13 per share in earnings. And as you look at what has happened in 2019, clearly, the growth plan has been successful so far. Our CASM is better than it otherwise would have been, our RASM is better than it otherwise would have been, our earnings, our margins better than they otherwise would have been. And so at least as we sit here today, it certainly feels like the growth plan is working well, and so it would be hard to abandon the growth plan and change our capacity plans as long as it's continuing to work well. But we'll give formal guidance in January.
Scott Kirby: So demand has been inelastic. Almost any way you look at it, I think the price elasticity of demand for leisure travelers is about minus 0.7; and for business demand, it's about minus 0.3. Another way of thinking about this fares in real terms are down about 50% in the last 30 years. It's been great for consumers. It's been great for people being out and getting to travel. It's been good for the overall economy, but we have a very long way to go before we would get to a point where I think we need to worry about price elasticity impacting demand.
Scott Kirby: Well, on a high level, it's everything. It's cost discipline. It's running a good operation. It's great customer service. It is all the commercial initiatives that you talked about. So it's not one single element. And look, we've got 100% recovery of earnings in the third quarter, not the margin expansion. But if we have had this call three weeks ago, we would have expected that we had a good shot at margin expansion in the fourth quarter. Now fuel ran a couple hundred million dollars increase or so for the fourth quarter in the last couple of weeks. And as we said, that's hard to recover in the short term. But we're almost there right now. And we think all of those initiatives we're going to – Gerry said in his prepared remarks, we're confident that we're going to have CASM flat or better next year. So we have that going for us. We are confident that the customer service and operational performance will continue to be leading – world leading. And the commercial initiatives just continue to hit on almost all cylinders. And so you put all that together, we really feel like we're on track next year to not just grow earnings and EPS, but also to expand margins because we're on the trajectory to do it right now.
Scott Kirby: So I'll start with scope. I'll give it in a second forward to Oscar. First, we are in negotiations with our pilots. Those are progressing, and there's cordial tone at the table, cooperative tone. We disagree on some things but are working together to understand each side's perspective. With regard to scope, I and all of us at United fully understand the history that our pilots have had and where they have seen their jobs outsourced to regionals, certainly, their perspective, and their perspective I would agree with. And because of that, they are sensitive on scope. But the world is different today. We are growing United mainline, and it's working well, and we intend to continue that. And that's what matters to our pilots. And if we can find a way – we will find a way where we can use regionals to have competitive scope. We need to have competitive scope with American and Delta. The competitive scope that helps fuel the growth for mainline, that's going to be a win-win for everyone. And I am confident that we will ultimately get to a place that is good for our pilots, that they think it's good for them and that is good for the company as well.
Andrew Nocella: Jamie, it’s Andrew. That’s an interesting question. The contracts are always coming up, and we have a bunch of big ones that we’re working on actually right now. So we think there’s plenty of opportunity in the short and medium term to make sure that customers and our corporate clients see the great operation that the whole United team, led by Greg, is running. Maybe I’ll let Greg kind of add on to that.
Andrew Nocella: Kevin, it’s Andrew. Really pleased by what we’ve accomplished so far in Houston and Chicago. We don’t think it’s easy comps. But I will say having looked at the performance of all the hubs, I think those three hubs in particular, including Denver, can produce higher margins for the company. And we went through the details of every nuts and bolts of how we put together our schedule. I think we quickly came to the conclusion that the schedules we previously offered did not provide the right patterns to our customers, the right frequency levels and the right level of connectivity. And those patterns, in fact, created more low-yield connectivity than high-yield connectivity. And so we went through a process this year or late last year, changing Houston and then Chicago early this year, where we reconnected every dot in a way that favored better yields and traffic onboard these aircraft, more connectivity, and it worked incredibly well. In fact, it’s exceeded our expectations. They were the fastest-growing part of the airline and RASM, in fact, grew faster there than the other slower parts of the airline. So we think that is a sign that this philosophy is working. We were now ready to embark on this same journey in Denver. In fact, the new schedule in Denver is loaded for sale. That new schedule includes one less bank of departures, which allow all the remaining banks to be bigger and have a different level of connectivity, which we again, expect to drive really good improved results in Denver year-over-year starting in late February. So really pleased by the performance, how we build these schedules matter. It is a gigantic jigsaw puzzle and we just were able to put that puzzle together in a much better way for our customers, and that is generating more revenue for the company.
Andrew Nocella: It’s Andrew. I think our guidance for the fourth quarter would tell you that it’s not just easy comps. I think we are putting together a schedule of products and services and delivering it incredibly reliably that it’s having a few more customers choose United, as Greg just laid out a few minutes ago. So we’re really pleased. And when we look at where we’re going in the fourth quarter, what the premium cabins look like so far in the fourth quarter, we’re excited about what the future holds.
Andrew Nocella: I think I did in my script. It was 3.7 points better. I mean the premium cabins did really well across the board and the premium cabins even did fairly well to Latin America given the overall environment.
Andrew Nocella: That’s a good question. And we spent a lot of time trying to figure out how many seats should be on our aircraft and how many seats should be in each and every cabin. United’s hubs are located in the best premium markets on the globe. They represent the majority of business traffic to and from the United States. It is something, I think, very unique to us. And so we think we have appropriately sized our cabins to accommodate the business class needs or the premium needs across the globe.  So I think we're pretty pleased with that, and we offer, I think, pretty large-sized cabins to make sure whether you're going to China or London Heathrow, we can do that. We continue to look at the number of premium class seats we have onboard on all our aircraft given where our hubs are located. And I think, actually, we'll have more to say on this in the future as we make sure that we have the right number onboard every single aircraft we have.
Andrew Nocella: All right. Mike, to be really clear, while we are moving certain markets out of Newark into Dulles, those are markets that tend to have no material local traffic to and from Newark. We are not reducing our footprint at the airport. So we have replaced the flights that we've removed with new incremental frequencies to the bigger destinations that have a much more larger population base to fly to and from New York, whether it be Nashville, Tennessee or Memphis or you name it. So our footprint's not declining at the airport at all. And in fact, by moving these flights around, we're offering better intercontinental connectivity for our global flights, and we're offering more local customers better choices for flights. So that is what we're doing in New York and that is better suited for Newark, and Dulles is better suited for these connecting traffic flows. So there is absolutely no reduction in Newark. And in fact, the number of seats we're offering on a Newark is growing as we use larger aircraft to these larger destinations. So we're really pleased by that. In terms of the new terminal in Newark, we're really excited by all the developments the Port is doing in Newark in terms of redeveloping the facilities, and we continue to work with them. I don't think we have anything to say today about United's exact footprint in that facility. But hopefully, we will in the future. And again, we're really excited about what we're doing in New York and Newark, in particular. And as I said in my script, the success of the changes we've already implemented, which happened earlier this month, is really beyond our expectations already. And we just announced Phase 2 of that given how well it's going.
Andrew Nocella: Yes. I would say, we're still early in this particular game related to the hub restructures. Sometimes, you put these together and their required tweaks based on what you learn. Right now, I would just say, we're well ahead of where we thought we'd be in Houston and Chicago, and their performance, I think, shows it. And Denver's coming online. So I think there's more to come. We're going to learn a lot about Denver over the next six months in what we've got right and what potentially we'll tweak. We haven't made any significant changes to Houston or Chicago yet because they are performing really well, so that may be the end game at least for now. But what I will say about schedule just in general is it really is a jigsaw puzzle that we've put together time after time as we create the schedule, and the group just loves to do that. And so the answer does change based on all the factors that go into it, whether it be the macro economy and what competition is doing. And we're going to be nimble, and we'll continue to adjust. But we think we're still relatively early in the game. Denver is about to come upon us in a few months, and we're excited about what we've seen so far. And we will likely make more tweaks to make it even better going forward.
Andrew Nocella: This is Andrew. In looking back over the last few months, we did more premium cabin growth and load factors than we did in yield or otherwise fares. So I would say, our premium fares were up, but they were – the change in our PRASM on the business class cabins, particularly across the Atlantic, had more to do with higher paid load factors, which we're really pleased to see. So going forward, I think I see a little bit more yield strength than load factor. I think we're going to have both that I now see yield kicking in more going forward as we head into the fourth quarter for the premium business.
Andrew Nocella: That does – I think we haven't officially launched that yet. We've talked about it, the latter, in terms of preferred seats. Economy Plus has just been a great hit. We have a large Economy Plus cabin onboard our aircraft, and we are working every day on more and more ways to make people realize that we have that particular product available, which provides a little bit more legroom and the seat closer to the front of the airplane. And I think really the secret recipe here is making it available and making it seen by more passengers and more distribution outlets year-over-year. And so our digital team is working hard at that, and that is I think driving the result that we talk about on the call. So we will continue to make sure we make that product available, as widely dispersed as possible. And I think that alone will drive the growth. And we do have more paid load factor room in that section of the aircraft, so we're excited to see what we can deliver on that line item in 2019.
Andrew Nocella: It may differ a little bit by region. But overall, globally, it's strong. It's not even – it's even, I think, decent in Latin America, quite honestly. It's coming across the board, though. Our sales force has been out there pounding the tree, as we've talked about on the past calls, and doing a great job. But more importantly, we're running a great operation, and that is helping people choose United in greater ways than they've ever done before. And we're rolling out what is a fantastic business class product that we talk about as Polaris. We have one aircraft entering the fleet every 10 days with Polaris seats, and those seats are just really best-in-class. And I think we have a lot of runway to go. I can't wait until we have Polaris business class seats on every single one of our widebody jets. It can't come soon enough.
Andrew Nocella: It has been a year from yet. On Basic, we are happy with where we're at. The way we designed Basic was carefully constructed to be, I think, a win for allowing us to segment our products, to allow us to compete effectively against the ultralow-cost competitors and allow our operation to deliver better results for everybody in terms of on-time departures. And it's working as designed, and so we're full speed ahead with where we're at.
Gerry Laderman: Hey. On pension, a little too early to tell. We’ve been contributing about $400 million a year to our pension and we are moving well into the direction of having a well-funded plan. So, a little bit too early to tell. We will know in January what our expected contributions for the year is, but it certainly won’t be more than what we’ve been doing historically. With respect to CapEx generally, this year was a down year versus last year. Last year, we had about $4.7 billion of CapEx. This year, down, we’re in that $3.6 billion, $3.8 billion range. All I can say about next year, which is a year of more aircraft deliveries than this year, I don’t expect it to exceed what we did last year. So, I think it would be well below the number you threw out there.
Gerry Laderman: Yes. I think one of the important things to remember is the flexibility we’ve maintained in our fleet. We’re always looking forward to see what can we do if we need to reduce aircraft from the flying schedule, and we have plenty of leased aircraft that we can return instead of buying off-lease, which is what we’ve been doing recently. And we have our older aircraft, which we can manage those retirements both to reflect what we need for capacity and also to manage costs and avoid maintenance expense as well. So, I think the fleet flexibility is critical to being able to adjust for whatever the cycle brings.
Gerry Laderman: Fixed, yes. Obviously, the bulk of the aircraft financing is all fixed. We have a little bit of aircraft financing floating. And then our term loan is the other big piece, but the vast majority is fixed.
Gerry Laderman: So on fuel, it's pretty simple. We always assume our forecast to forward curve and use that for our modeling purposes.
Gerry Laderman: It depends. The visibility we have for 2019 is pretty solid. 2020 and beyond is too early to tell. Let me give you a couple of data points, though. So in a world where, let's say, we – and this was in the past where we weren't growing, just kind of maintenance CapEx for us would run roughly $3 billion to $3.5 billion. That's a combination of nonaircraft CapEx, which runs probably $1.5 billion a year, plus or minus a little bit. We can only adjust that just depending on circumstances. But then when you have an aircraft fleet of our size and you're just dealing with the natural replacement cycle, assuming 25-year, 30-year life on aircraft, that's what get you to kind of the $3 billion to $3.5 billion sort of what I would describe as maintenance CapEx. That's one of the reasons why as we grow, and obviously some of that growth will require additional aircraft, we want to mix the new aircraft with used aircraft to really manage our CapEx going forward.
