Robert A. Cascella: Thanks, Glenn. Look, in closing, this business clearly has many moving parts. Some of it that are in our control and others that are not. It's difficult to have a conversation these days without some reference to the shape of the global economy and what impact it's going to have on our business next year. With the results of the recent presidential election, we know one thing for certain. We have a device tax absorbed within our cost of operations. There's a promise of expanded coverage for the uninsured and the potential of millions of new lives entering the healthcare system, but it is unclear how this will be implemented. I do believe our products are well suited for Health Care Reform in the U.S. since our predominant focus is wellness and prevention. With all of these unknowns, the lack of clarity about the near to mid-term healthcare environment, we have taken a more conservative view with our guidance and the managing of our business. Fundamentally, we continue to emphasize 3 strategic elements for growth, organic growth fueled by our expanded product portfolio, significant product development across all of our business units and continued investment in our international expansion. Our priorities today are very clear: complete the flawless integration of Gen-Probe; focus sales and marketing efforts on new product cycles, like tomo and PANTHER, with an aggressive socket strategy; and organically build a broader surgical franchise, enabling near-adjacent expansion. As I've stated in the past, we have the best product portfolio in the history of Hologic with each business unit poised for solid growth. There will always be some external headwinds. However, our long-term growth profile is incredibly strong. Thank you for participating in the call, and we'll now turn over the call to the operator for Q&A.
Robert A. Cascella: Well, we -- the backlog increase is a reality. We did see that as a result of strong order activity in Q4. I think the real question about reimbursement and what impact that will have on our product is one of really timing. And what I mean by that is I still believe we are at the very early phase of market adoption. And as a result of that, the buyers that are interested in tomo today are buying it because they believe in the technology, they believe that there's a competitive advantage within their local community. And as a result, they're almost being forced to buy the product. I think for much broader adoption, when we talk about 10,000 digital units eventually converting to 3D mammography, that will require reimbursement in order for that level of adoption. So yes, it is certainly a complication that reimbursement is delayed. We don't think that, that material impact is what happened this year. If the U.S. economy changes dramatically, because of either our Health Care Reform or otherwise, it's not going to be because of reimbursement that there'll be headwinds on that product. It will be much more that those capital -- general capital equipment freeze.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I -- look, the market that seems to be under a lot of pressure relative to pricing is HPV, and that shouldn't be a surprise to anyone. There's a lot of new competition, and we're seeing that on a global basis. We have not seen that relative to our CT/GC franchise. And we believe that obviously there is a decision path that's being made relative to automation workload and the workflow and the quality of our assay, and we have not seen a threat in that business as of yet. So if I were to categorize where we see the greatest decline and it's new business for us, so it's not an erosion, and our AUPs or otherwise is in the HPV market.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, we're not including substantial revenue synergies for one reason, not because we don't believe in them. We believe they will come to fruition, but all of those take a tremendous amount of time because if you think about it, we're really into a training mode. We're into a strategic mode relative to unit placements and so on and so forth. I mean the PANTHERs that are going in today were growing volume that is CT/GC only, as we get FDA approvals on that system, we're going to broaden the menu and we'll be able to leverage more of our lab salesforce and our physician sales teams to start driving more volume to those. So I think we had said this earlier, we strongly believe that an added benefit is our revenue synergies. We just think that they materialize over a period of time.
Robert A. Cascella: Well, I think the most definitive of what I was trying to say is the $0.06. I was hoping to leave you with the thought that we were looking to grow the business on the Hologic legacy towards a double-digit growth, and we certainly think we can get $0.20 out of Gen-Probe. But our guidance, we're not looking to guide anyone to quite that level this early in the year.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I don't think that's -- well, it's a tough one, Tycho, to look at it that way. It just doesn't -- it doesn't work out on a weekly basis. I mean, at the end of the day, you have 13 weeks of selling effort in a 14-week period. I mean, it's just the way salespeople are compensated and the commission plans run. You don’t get the full credit. It's very clear in the capital equipment side that there was no impact. I mean that was crystal clear. But even on the disposable side and with some of the surgical products, we didn't see -- and it's not the last week of the quarter. It's one of the weeks before the end of the quarter. We just didn't see a big increase that we thought was related more than maybe up to $5 million for the quarter. So that is all that we thought it might be. It's a lot different on the expense side because you truly get 14 weeks of expenses and it's 14 weeks of everything. So the expenses had a far greater impact having an extra week than the revenues did.
Robert A. Cascella: I think that there's a lengthy period of validation, Tycho, that goes on to every one of these new placements. So in some cases, months and months are passing by before we're starting to see revenues. So we're closing accounts. We have a substantial level of competitive takeaways, but we're not seeing -- we won't see the benefit of it immediately. So I think that what we're trying to explain and what we're showing in our guidance is really that lag time and that transition to revenue.
Robert A. Cascella: We -- what we actually said was the 500 to 700 would happen within the 2 years following FDA approval. So we actually come to the conclusion of that period by the half. And so what I'm effectively saying is that for all of fiscal '13, whatever the installed base domestically is will virtually double or nearly double over the course of this year. So we're really saying the 500 to 700 units is an old data point. We feel very confident that by the half, we will have met that number, and what I -- what we're trying to do by telling you that whatever the installed base of domestic units were as of the end '12 will nearly double over the course of '13.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I think in fairness, I think what we want, at least we view it, is a lot of the synergies that are coming out of the businesses have to do with plant closures. Those are now happening this year. So you're right, there is salesforce consolidation, there's engineering consolidation. But a substantial amount of what we're deriving from synergies has come from exiting the Madison facility, and that's 18 months to 24 months away.
Robert A. Cascella: It's very early on. And normally, we don't share the details, Lennox. I think we have ways to go. We're certainly optimistic about our positioning on this, and we haven't really even begun the appeals process.
Robert A. Cascella: Nothing from our end. We really appreciate everyone participating in the call, and we look forward to seeing everyone at RSNA this year. Thank you.
Carl W. Hull: Sure, Vijay, I'd be happy to give you a little bit of color. We're very, very pleased with how PANTHER's going so far. We've been on the market for about 1.5 years in Europe, and that's continued to look good for us. From a placement point of view, with the introduction here in the U.S. earlier this year has really accelerated the placement rates of the systems, and our funnel is full. So as we look at future placements, we also feel optimistic based on the performance today. And most importantly, I think Rob touched on this, is the continued extremely positive customer reactions to the system. They're driving placements, and we feel that, that trend is going to continue in the near term. Right now, as you may recall, the focus of our sales efforts is on the APTIMA Combo 2 assay, the first assay that was approved here in the United States. And we expect future assay menu expansion along with incremental revenues as we add Trich and HPV -- to HPV, excuse me, to it over the course of really the next 14 to 16 months. So all in all, we're very happy.
Carl W. Hull: We certainly think that the -- we will outperform the old market growth rates, but I also think it's important to point out that we are taking some of this business away from directly competitive assays. So in that sense, it's growth for us. It may not be growth for the market in those cases.
Carl W. Hull: Well, I think, Anthony, we're probably not going to get into that degree of granularity on a go-forward basis with the instrument to forecast. We are trying to give you a good starting point in saying that we're north of 200 as it is right now, and I think I'll just leave it at that. Our expectations in terms of the average reagent trails for PANTHER have always been the ramp as we introduce new menu to the system. And I don't think we have been particularly able to give you a good number yet. I'd say after about 2, 3 quarters of placement experience under our belt, people up to speed and run and test the record, we'll have a better handle on that. But we're not seeing anything in the current trends that are different than our initial assumptions.
Carl W. Hull: Sure, Bill, I'd be happy to. I think that you're right in terms of the order, you'll see CT/GC first and then it'll be followed by Trich. I would say that before we see substantial upside and then top-line growth here in the United States, you're probably looking out another 6 months, I'd say. And then for the back half of the fiscal year, I think you'll begin to see the impact of CT/GC, and that's because obviously it's an established assay, the guidelines are there. And it's the first product the sales -- the combined salesforces will be detailing universally. Trich is right behind that. But I think Trich in some cases, as you know, it's still early in its development market phase. And so there's a little bit more education that has to happen, and I would think that, that would follow again probably over 3 to 6 months period of time after you see the CT/GC.
Glenn P. Muir: Well, I think we're pretty happy with what we've found. We went into the day 1 with a pretty good thought-out game plan on what we were trying to achieve with the sales force and how we were going to align all the facilities. So we're right on track to where we wanted to be. We talked about the $40 million in year 1, but clearly, we'll do much better than that for this first year in fiscal 2013. And we'll get up to that $75 million in annual synergies as quick as we can.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes. Well, there are a couple of pieces. I think for the other segments, the other 3, if we look at the full fiscal 2013, we should be in this mid-single-digit kind of growth. So we are kind of carving Diagnostics out a little bit because of the acquisition itself. And there's couple of pieces. There's Gen-Probe products, and there's Hologic products. And we go forward in fiscal 2013, they're all going to be sold by one entity. So it's going to be very difficult to break them out into 2 segments but I can tell you that when we think about the pieces of the products themselves, that we're looking at Gen-Probe products growing in a low-double digit kind of ratio and the Hologic products in a low to mid single, the ThinPrep being on the low single digit side.
Glenn P. Muir: No. There were no reclasses, but I think you were right, David, that in the quarter itself, we really did have a tick-up in some service, warranty and manufacturing costs that, at the end of the day, I think we're more aligned to one-time of expenses that had been corrected going forward. So you are correct. The gross margins came in a few basis points less than where we would have expected.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes. Let me try. And this will be kind of high level, maybe kind of back of an envelope if we could. You're kind of alluding to our starting point today of the $1.38 where we ended fiscal 2012. And the pieces, I guess, we have to consider are, number one, the growth rate you have for Hologic on EPS going into FY '13. So I don't know what you had exactly, but I would think we'd be close to some kind of a double-digit growth on EPS.
Glenn P. Muir: No, just Hologic legacy, that would be the first piece without Gen-Probe. The second piece would be, as you mentioned, we talked before about when we look at Gen-Probe's contribution in FY '13, we're looking for $0.20 accretion. And that also is a true statement, that is what we're looking for in FY '13. I don't believe we have given full credit for all that expectation in the current EPS guidance for FY '13. I would have to say we've been a little bit more conservative in building all of that in simply because we're at the very beginning of the year, and this is kind of consistent with past practice on how we think about the fiscal year itself. So I would remind you of those 2 pieces. But third, let's not forget that the other piece we have to contend with is a medical device tax as well, which we would not have had before and might not be built into your thought. So there's $0.05 there or $0.06 is what I said on the call.
Glenn P. Muir: The EPS impact on Novartis, are we talking about the reduction in revenues related to purchase accounting adjustment or just...
Glenn P. Muir: Well, it also flushes through to EPS because what we did was we capitalized the amount of usage by the customer in billings that normally happen as a true-up during the quarter. We previously capitalized all that since the shipment left the docks of Gen-Probe. So as it would have been recorded in the quarter, the customers use the assays, it's already in purchase accounting and it's been allocated to all the accounts. So that effect in FY '13 is the $22 million for all of fiscal 2013, and we'll provide a non-GAAP adjustment, so revenues at $22 million higher for FY '13.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes, well, I'd want to know what your pro forma number is. It's hard for me to say without -- I mean we used to talk about your pro forma to make sure. If you're not coming out to the guidance that we gave, something's wrong.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes, I think when we did a few positives, I mean look at fiscal 2013, and those positives are that the Gen-Probe gross margins in general are higher than our corporate average. They're not as high as some of our Surgical products or ThinPrep, but they are in fact higher than our corporate average itself. But you're correct that revenue introduction is going to help positively on those gross margins. In addition to that, we are talking about overall growth in all of our segments, which is going to help drive the gross margins up as well. So when we look at FY '13, what I would say's is FY '13 is higher than FY '12. And it's about 100 basis points higher. So your question is could it even be 100 basis points higher than that? And I think there is some room there. I mean, once again, this is early on for the fiscal year. It's early on in our guidance. And we would like to see how the year plays out and what the mix is between our domestic and international because there's a big focus for us right now on international, and we all know the international gross margins are a little bit lower than the domestic. So since it's early in the year, this is the range that we're most comfortable with to start off.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes. Look, clearly the situation in Europe is not improving, and that's a major market for tomosynthesis. There's a lot of uncertainty here in the states, and reimbursement being a major factor in all of that relative to the economic decision-making process. My point earlier about it is it did not impact our guidance, but I still believe the product is at a very early stage in its adoption. So sure, would we -- if all of the things magically changed tomorrow and the economic situation cured itself and we have reimbursement, would we have an uptick in the number of units that we're comfortable with quoting? Yes. What that number is, unfortunately, I -- off the top of my head, I wouldn't want to venture a guess. But yes, there would be some positive movement as a result of that.
Glenn P. Muir: I -- look, I think we said that this tomo installed base or the installed base of digital mammography is going to turn over a 3 to 5-year period, and we see nothing that derails the adoption of tomo for the long term. There's always going to be these obstacles and kind of bends in the road, but we think for the long term that digital mammography is replaced by 3D mammography, and it will be a matter of years in terms of the growth cycle of that product.
Anthony Petrone: Yes, exactly. So it seems to be excluded from your guidance next year, the revenue guidance, so I'm wondering how that works down to EPS.
Anthony Petrone: Okay. And then, Rob, on tomo. Just to go back to your comments earlier, you mentioned you can nearly double the base from where we are at the end of this year. And there's a range that you had out there, 500 to 700. But it sounds like you're effectively increasing that range. And so I'm wondering if I could...
Anthony Petrone: That's helpful. And then last one real quick for me, for Carl. The split for the 200 Panther installed base, I don’t know if you can give that. U.S., OUS, I believe at the time of the acquisition, it was $80 million OUS, and maybe perhaps your view on the average annuity stream for both of these systems.
Jason R. Mills: Glenn, first question. Going back to Dave Lewis' question on gross margin, just trying to get a sense of your guidance rather to sort of the combination of the 2 businesses would suggest gross margin sort of pro forma basis would be 100 basis points higher or so relative to what guidance you did give. So just curious, your thoughts on why the gross margin guidance isn't a bit higher.
Jason R. Mills: Okay, that's very helpful. And, Rob, on the Breast Health side, just wondering, your thoughts on -- clearly your guidance seemingly reflects some appreciation for the capital equipment market, the global economic situation that you find yourself in, as well as the reimbursement timing. Just wanted to get a sense for if those things were more on the positive side, then they are. And clearly from a global economic perspective, it's a fluid situation. But if we were sitting here talking about a more optimistic purview in terms of the global economic situation as well as reimbursement sort of being along the lines of your original expectations, just wondering if you would humor us with your thoughts on what your guidance may have been with those 2 things on a more positive light? Just given the underlying trends in the business we're positive in the quarter.
Jason R. Mills: Sure, I understand. I guess where we said we have to model up beyond the year in which you give a guidance, so as we think about sort of the fiscal '14 time period, those comments are helpful.
