Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Jason. I will take that one. To be quite candid, I think we cut a little bit too much coming into the year, and as I look to get the R&D organizations rebuilt and even some of our sales and marketing efforts, probably a little more spend in the second half than we had in the first. I will also tell you, it will be well-controlled and not set ourselves up of getting ahead of ourselves. But it really comes down, in my mind, we probably cut a little too deeply going into the fiscal year.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, Doug. I think long-term, you nailed it exactly. First off, I congratulate Roche for the work that they did to get that. In the short-term, on ThinPrep, we frankly don't see much impact. When you think about how well established the Pap test is, also in terms of co-testing and the guidelines and the conservative nature of the specialists involved here, we think this is going to take some significant time. Over years, will it start to have an impact, yes. In the coming quarters, probably don't expect much. Having said that, as part of giving a guidance, we want to be a little conservative just in case. We always plan to be conservative and hopefully be better off in that. Long-term, I think as we become a major player in the HPV space, it probably does create some opportunity for us as well and we like our growth there. But again, clearly Roche is going to be a can tremendous competitor there. It has the leg up on this particular chapter.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. Long-term, you are going to see leverage because a lot of that, the cuts and changes made, I think in some ways make us healthier, leaner and we certainly don't want to bounce back. You know I have always run lean organizations. We are going to keep that. Having said that, it is a pretty big drop, and I think just going into the year, we might have cut into a little bit of bone that you can survive with for the short-term, but I want to rebuild some of the bone, particularly as I would say in the sales and marketing and the R&D efforts, but on a going basis, we will be reallocating, certainly adding some G&A as we go forward. So there is probably a little bit of conservatism in the OpEx spending. We are at that very interesting stage right now, where I am thrilled with what the team delivered here. But we want to be careful not to get ahead of ourselves. We don't want to be getting too far ahead of ourselves and too excited but there are some very good things going on.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. Actually the great part is, the physicians get this and understand that probably the only thing we have in common with laparoscopic commercialization is the term, is that word. But as you well know, Tycho, it's a very different process. We operate completely differently from those systems. Once the press started to hit, if you recall, the Wall Street Journal is out and front of this, or New York Time, whatever, back in December, we have been really close to the physician community here and our MyoSure, what I would remind everybody, our MyoSure hysteroscopic tissue removal system, we basically moved away from the morcellation word and the physician community totally gets it. Our team has just added ACOG over the last few days. This is much more of a consumer media event, certainly concern on the other side. It should not have an impact on our business. Having said that, again you always want to be cautious and conservative and know that anytime there is dustups in the media these days, there is a chance for confusion among possible patients and some conservatism. So there could be a little bit of that. But overall, the physician response has been very good. And our sales force, this is where our surgical sales force is tremendously educated and it has been a wonderful resource for even some of the physicians that even get caught up in the media itself and want that reassurance or want that clarification.
Stephen MacMillan: No, they are both front and center. The Panther platform is tremendous and it is going to be about building out, if you look at both of those as extensions off of Panther, one on the assay part and building out the menu, the other part is making Panther even better and more broadly usable. They are both, we see, key to our future there. It's a great asset to Gen-Probe what we got out there. Frankly, we are probably going to do the greatest job in the early days of integrating, but pulling that team together now and there are some great things out there.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. Let me start with the JRC. The JRC, we see really kicking in, in August. So it will be a modest fourth quarter event, but really it's going to be much more about 2015 for that contract kicking in. On both ThinPrep, even NovaSure, and to some degree MyoSure, we are probably a little cautious right now. Again I want to make sure we get our sea legs. We have got a lot of change going on in the company. Luckily our field forces are really delivering right now. But some time, right at that stage right now, we are feeling going about some things but you never know what you don't know yet. Just making sure that we get back, given our history, wanting to really get back on a path where you guys can count on us quarter-after-quarter to deliver what we said.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, great question. David, first on the incremental. Let me add an extra clarification. I picture our investments in R&D being at a probably significantly higher rate than necessarily sales growth and funding that out of probably some reductions in G&A and other areas. So effectively, what I think you will see is, we will be investing more in R&D than sales and marketing. Probably beyond an incremental basis, but offset from the G&A side. So could we be more aggressive? Possibly. We are also at that stage, bring in the new leaders, I want to make sure that we are smart about where we put those investments and I mean that we are in that interesting blend right now where I am signaling to the team, look, we think we can generate a lot more growth and we are looking at the ideas but we are not just a ramp it up. So what you are probably going to see is it will ramp up over time as the ideas bubble up and as the competencies bubble up. And I think if we see great opportunities, we will certainly look to invest more there. So we won't be held back but we will be smart about it. On the tax piece, I may go ahead and let Glenn jump in on this one.
Stephen MacMillan: David, if I add one other color or commentary as it relates to maybe dimensionalizing, say the R&D investments. Take our surgical business as an example. That's an area where we really have done very little on ongoing incremental innovation, improving our products, building out. We have basically a two product division. So as we challenge that team to come up with the third, fourth and fifth products, and then line extension everything like that, I am totally convinced we will build that capability over time and make those investments, but it's not like from second quarter to third quarter, ready to just turn on the stick. I think it's a little bit of what we even had with the extra strong profit here in the second quarter. It's one thing to talk about the R&D. It's another to make sure that we fund it appropriately over time. Hopefully that gives a little more granularity or color to that.
Stephen MacMillan: Mike, it probably didn't have a huge impact in the quarter in terms of actual booked revenues. I would say, it's having a huge impact on the field force morale and also the psyche in the buyers and I think it does give us confidence going forward that the known certainty that something's coming, even though we don't what the numbers are, is reassuring to the hospital customers that we start to feel that even more going forward. I think as we said last quarter, we were focusing the field not use that as an excuse to hold back and I think our team was really out there fighting despite not having it, and then we were holding the reimbursement team to really get this across the finish line. And I think they are delivering there as well. But I think it does bode reasonably well for the quarters ahead.
Stephen MacMillan: I think we are starting to see it. I think we really started to see it in this quarter, where we seeing, especially the U.S., an acceleration in that business. If you look globally, we posted 8% growth. Our U.S. growth was even a little bit better than that.
Stephen MacMillan: At this point, yes. It may get a little rougher once other competitors come in to the U.S. marketplace.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. So let me take the R&D piece first. Post the acquisition, we did cut pretty deeply into the R&D organization. I think now we are really looking at the assays that we want to develop as well as fusion and everything else that we want to bring to market. Sending the signals that we want to invest, we want to be thinking about the future, that our whole plan for organic growth really is R&D driven and very much of the model that Gen-Probe had executed so successfully. And frankly, that Hologic, back in the early 2000s had executed very, very well and built up the mammo business. So it's emulating those models of great investments in R&D, great R&D teams and a steady stream of our products. On the international front, I think, frankly, we probably had some starts and stops in terms of investments. At the end of the day, we are really looking at it very granularly now, by franchise, by country. Which franchises are we going to invest in, in which countries, looking at what are the reimbursement rates for each of those countries. I think getting very specific about where the opportunities are. We are not applying, what we call the peanut butter principal of just saying and let's go grow international. But we can look at our surgical business, country by country. Where are we not developed? Where we have opportunities? The same for the molecular diagnostic business and much as Gen-Probe was starting to look there, they were still in the very early innings of global expansion. So a lot of this is now a very strong focus. Bringing Claus Egstrand in. I can tell you, he is two and half weeks into the job right now and already have been seeing a lot of opportunity. Again, those opportunities won't happen necessarily in the next quarter, but they will happen here in the coming years.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. I think on the international expansion, you ought to start to see that within a year-ish. Some markets like Japan will be a little slower but I think it's very clear that we ought to start to see certainly topline growth. Maybe not a lot of bottomline because we will be making the investments in those businesses. On the R&D front, reaccelerating and everything else, as we talk with our Board, it's probably a couple of years away before we really start to see the fruits of what we start to put in now. But what we have also said is, luckily we have a couple of great franchises with Panther and the 3-D tomo that can help drive a lot of growth here over the next couple of years while we reinvest in the R&D for the out years.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, there is certainly nothing of the magnitude of the JRC coming up. There are some tenders going around Europe, Middle East and frankly it's a great question, you asked around technology versus pricing. We probably worry a little bit some of them maybe a little more price driven than what we are seeing. I think what we loved about Japan is everybody probably well knows that the quality concerns in Japan are always at the top of the list and we prevailed very well there. Where it's a pricing game, we are certainly seeing some aggressiveness in the competitive set to try to hold on to business and that puts some certain pressure on that business as well.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. I think pragmatically the insurer piece won't play out until well into 2015. I think everybody is going to be fairly cautious and that's where we are at such an interesting time in the company right now, where there is some nice nuggets here that look good, but we want to be cautious and not get ahead of ourselves. So between, let's say the CPT will come out in November, it will kick in January. By the time you get the local, between the Medicare pieces, and then also private payers adopting, it's probably going to be rolling out really through 2015. But I think what it does do is, as the clinical evidence of 3-D mammography and as more word gets out about just the superiority of what we have, I can tell you, there is not one of us on this call whose wives, mothers, daughters, whatever, who wouldn't want to have 3-D. And I think as the consumer awareness also builds in this very important area, that should bode well. So I think the way I would really thinking though about the 3-D businesses, let's not get ahead of ourselves. Let's not think there is huge spike here, but I think we should think about it as it should be a really nice run here for a number of years, given where we are. Thanks, Richard.
Stephen MacMillan: No, you know what, because it really gets back to, we do not compete against the J&J piece. For the same reason we shouldn't be affected. Unfortunately, it's a great question. You would like to think we could go get that business, but for the same reason, we are unaffected because we are used in a completely different procedure. We are not indicated nor would we be able to go in and effectively try to get that business. You can bet, it was one of the fist things, as I am still learning our products but I jumped on thinking, okay, we don't have a problem, where is the opportunity. Unfortunately, we don't.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. You know what, we don't really have an update there other than we are going through the process. So I don't have anything more for you, Bill.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. Great insight. I would say that the international breast piece was more an anomaly, some very big sales that happened in the previous year, especially in the Middle East and frankly some of the emerging markets. So I think what we have had as I dig in and it's where I want to careful and I want to start to get to a more regular cadence. We have had some real huge variations in geographic swings in the breast health business. To me that, I like to see be smoother over time. So I think it's less a trend. Clearly, with the competitive set out there Philips, GE, Siemens, even Fuji, it is a more competitive world outside the U.S. I think this is probably a slightly unusually softer quarter due to the comps of last years.
Stephen MacMillan: Great question. On a macro basis, I think ThinPrep with the extensions of the interval expansions, there is just going to be unit losses there that no matter what we do from a selling standpoint or anything else. We are thinking about R&D. Are there ways that we could inject some different life into a franchise like that. NovaSure, the same thing and our sales forces are still out there fighting. So part of our strategy to return to organic growth and we are talking about internally is, if we can even slow the rate of decline, particularly those two key franchises, which by the way are also great gross margin franchises, even on the margin, if we can use to slow the declines, I am not sure I would be ready to say we can turn them around in the U.S. I would say, it's back to the also our global footprint and both franchises are underdeveloped internationally. ThinPrep is a little bit more established but there are significant opportunities, we really think, for both franchises outside the U.S. and I think, again, we have been subject to the bigger headwinds of U.S. reimbursement that were U.S. issues because we have been way too dependent on the U.S. market and so part of our diversification and insulation from some of those trends will be to build these franchises outside the U.S.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. We clearly have articulated, that is an area we are developing. That will still be a little bit, particularly in the United States market, that's going to be years away. But we are developing those assays and do expect to be there. Nothing, again, that's certainly further out in terms of timeframe at this point.
Glenn Muir: The tax rate is really reflective today of where we are as really a U.S. based company with primarily U.S. sales and U.S. operations. And it's our intention to take greater advantage of the international opportunity out there and to move some manufacturing and IP resources overseas to be closer to those customer markets. But that will take a little bit of time and those are the effort that will help to bring that tax rate down from being a primarily U.S. based tax rate today.
Glenn Muir: No, that was basically it. We are seeing continued some softness on the U.S. side. I think we were kind of pleased it wasn't more than what it was. It seemed to hold out fairly well for the quarter.
Glenn Muir: Yes, I would add that almost one half of the mammo systems were 3-D. So that's a pretty impressive number that we built up to over this timeframe is to jump up that just about half now are 3-D tomo of all mammo units going out the door.
Glenn Muir: Jon, on the tax timing, we are talking further out than FY 2015. We have to begin to set up some of that manufacturing IP transfer now. It needs to be tied into where we are doing business for some of the emerging markets. So there is a lot of planning that's involved. I don't think it has to necessarily have an impact on the efficiencies of our manufacturing and we do some nice manufacturing outside the U.S. now. Costa Rica is a great example. In fact some of the margin improvement is because we have moved many of our disposal products down to Costa Rica. So I think there is some opportunities there. We guess now are at a better size and scale to be able to take advantage of some of these international opportunities. But they are more than a couple of years out, Jon.
Glenn Muir: Yes, we have been making good progress on the Panther. A big chunk of the Panther's have gone out in the last six to nine months. So that is now ramping up. But just to clarify, Quest is not Panther. Quest is Tigris. So what we have been able to do with Quest is they did order quite a few Tigris' at the end of last fiscal year. Those are now in place and those are now up and running. And you are seeing the benefit on the CPG side. You are seeing the benefit on the HPV side. And now on the Trich side from Quest.
Glenn Muir: There is a lot more room on the Panther side. It is all about getting Panthers out there. We are ahead of our schedule to get 1,000 Panthers in the field by the end of FY 2015. We feel good about that. Once we have that, it's then expanding the menu and Steve talked about that. So I think we are in a good position with that product. People love the Panther. It's a great piece of automation and workflow.
