Karleen Oberton: Yes. I think what we've talked about is, managing our free cash flow that we want to fully deploy our annual free cash flow between tuck in M&A and share repurchase. But having said that, Dan, we obviously will continue to be disciplined as it relates to tuck in M&A that would be the priority. So we might let some cash build on the balance sheet while again, disciplined and looking for the right deal.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would just build on that, Vijay is that, I think what we have here in Q2 is, we have inventory to cover that 50 million of revenue shortfall. But we're actively allocating to Steve's point to service because that's the most important thing is that we've got Inventory to keep that installed base up and running so that women can get back to screening.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, yes. So I think on the total revenue from acquisitions in 2022, is roughly 170 million. And then we talked about the inorganic piece that we're pulling out $110 million. And I think you went to another question there on the assays, I think, certainly, the STI assays are our biggest asset. So I would say that a lot of customers, that would be primarily what they're running.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. And I think, again, when we talk about the launch, I think for comparison, Jack and think about the [trick] [ph] assay took about five to six years to get to that 70 million, and we're getting close to that here, only a couple years out. So that's kind of the success of the launch that I want to highlight.
Karleen Oberton: And just to add maybe a finer point to that even versus Q1 ‘19. That's basically like your business is up over 40% I mean, that's a tremendous growth over the past couple years.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, certainly. Yes, the supply chain is both the revenue on breast and some of the higher cost as well, though, that we mentioned. I think absent of the revenue headwind, certainly that base business operating margins, if we had minimal COVID are still in that low 30%, that we were prior to the pandemic. So we continue to keep an eye on that. And I think, again, some of the strengths that we talked about are continue to contribute to that base business is still healthy on the operating margin line.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, from an ASP perspective, certainly, pricing has held pretty nicely here, I think, roughly $20, with the overall average in the quarter, I think as we look forward, we do expect that pricing will come down, one as we renew international contracts, which are lower ASP, as well as in the U.S., when the higher -- when the public health emergency ends in this higher lower payment for the testing will probably come down. But still, we have a way to go on that pricing to come down to still have that revenue be accretive to the overall corporate average. And think about the overall business and margins, certainly our supply chain, folks, you annually have improvement targets that they go after that some of them even in this year of buffering some of the higher costs that we're seeing. We have network optimization opportunities that we're focused on. And certainly we've talked about investing internationally, intentionally, over the past several years, that we believe that international revenue continues to grow, we'll have more margin accretion from the international business.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So I think on the breast health business, if we think about operating margins, certainly the service business is accretive to the operating margins, which is the biggest part of revenue for that division, Then I would say, then there's probably equal contribution from gantries and interventional from an operating module perspective. Certainly, the headwind, the $200 million headwind is significant to that division. But, fortunately here, we were able to raise our full year guidance based on the performance of the rest of the business and the COVID contributions. So we can well manage this headwind and not have to do things like -- manage headcount or the other things. So preserve our great salesforce that we have our service engineers and still feel good about managing through this headwind.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. Casey, we think of the test record as an annual number. So to put it in perspective, prior to the pandemic, our largest year was 20 million, we did about 34 million in 2020, and about 40 million in 2021. And we expect that 2022 will be another number in that $30 million to $40 million range.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. Certainly hard to comment on the future tax rate when there's no real legislation really in place. And, as you know, the devils in the details on something like that. But certainly if the federal headline rate went up, our overall non-GAAP tax rate would go up. But I would tell you that, we certainly have an active tax department that is partnering with our operations team to put in efficiency strategies.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, Ryan. So as I said in my prepared remarks, we are assuming about a minimum of 400 million here in the second quarter. So that would lead to your mass of roughly 50 and 50 in the Q3 and Q4.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Certainly, some of it is, as we've highlighted with both surgical and diagnostics-based businesses, strengthening. Just as we've forecasted, COVID, conservatively, we want to put that out there. You don't have to anybody that's looked around at supply chain issues, the semiconductor and chip issues have not gotten better. And we're not totally sure exactly when that will fully work its way out. We're lengthening lead times, for our deliveries, and it's all in the breast health primarily in the gantry business. And we've got obviously maintained some chips for service. So, we're being conservative and taking care of our existing customers. And we'll lengthen and, frankly, it'll make next year probably look better. And it's great, we can absorb this, what I call annoyance right now, when the rest of the businesses are firing.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think clearly, it's taken us a long time to get chlamydia, gonorrhea up into that into that multi 100 million range. But I think we feel really, this is going to be over years. But I think we're feeling pretty good about that ramp, you figure if we just did 13 million in the first quarter, multiply that by four and you've got the very bare minimum of, I think what we expect to do this year. So they'll probably continue to build through the quarters. And I think if we fast forward a few years from now, certainly goes north of 100 now its way to 200.
Stephen MacMillan: It's a very meaningful indication, it's been completely under diagnosed and I think it's part of the rapid uptake. And it's really a great reason to go to the doctor. 
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, it clearly has emerged here, we kept hoping we would find solutions. I've watched our operations team over the last couple of years. They've just been a Herculean first on MTUs and Tecan tips, swabs on, glass tubes on everything, we did the scale during COVID time to getting more Panthers out the door. And we were hearing a lot of the issues from our chip suppliers, but kept thinking we would find some alternatives and some solutions, and really is it's come down. At the end of the day, as you can see where we were able to call it manufacture additional plastic or find other things. In the COVID piece, we haven't been able to manufacture semiconductor chips and we're at the beck and call of the global supply chain here, where everybody's been tugging on it.  So as we've gotten into -- so yes, clearly, it didn't impact last quarter at all, it’s technically not even hurting us in the very moment right now but it's as we go forth. And then, there's two pieces of right, one is, we could sell a lot more of the chips that we will have on allocation into new gantries. So we want to make sure that we keep every gantry that's out there up and running. So we're keeping a good chunk of the chips that will be coming for ongoing service. And if we were just trying to maximize short-term revenue, the hit wouldn't be nearly as big, but we want to make sure we're taking care of the service side. So definitely an annoyance, it's one and to your point, it's a fairly big number that we want to call out right now, in the midst of an overall thing. I think it does underscore how far we've come as a company, right? You think about that kind of a hit eight years ago would have been a big deal, even three or four years ago would have been a very sizable knockdown punch. And now it's kind of annoying little body blow that we know will work right through and set ourselves up to continue to win.
Stephen MacMillan: Why we kind of think about in a real simplistic term Patrick, which is our total revenue that comes from it. And so, to that point, right, we're going to have over 3000 Panthers, clearly, the pure dollar volume will likely come down from what it was pre pandemic on a global basis, in the near term, because we've placed a whole bunch more internationally where we don't have quite as much revenue for Panther. And we've also gone to some smaller customers, where it will clearly pay off over time. So the way we think about it, I mean, ultimately comes down to number of Panthers, times the amount of revenue generated per Panther. And we see enormous upside to where that's going to go here over time. So many of the folks that have brought bought Panthers in the last year plus, or where we've installed Panthers, they keep wanting, they keep getting ready to put the regular assays on. And then, COVID spikes yet again, and so it's still out there. So we have so much pent-up volume, all those [torques] [ph] that were generated largely in 2020, 2021, are all still delayed, and it comes down to we just generated 14% growth in this quarter, even while COVID was surging. So I think it's hard to exactly model it, per se, but it's just going to come down to we're going to be selling a lot more assays on a lot more machines. And that's going to generate clearly accretive growth rates above the company average for a long time.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, I think, overall, international, obviously, we said is a double-digit grower. And I think, we'd said years ago, we expected that international would become probably a double-digit grower for many, many years. And I think we're exactly into that. A lot of it candidly, Brian is really coming out of Western Europe, because that's where our biggest footprint is. And it's where we've placed a ton of the Panthers. We're starting to get certainly more of it out of out of Asia Pac as well. But the bigger chunk is really Western Europe, a little bit of Africa and I think continue to feel good. And overall, that the international growth rate is above the U.S rate.
Stephen MacMillan: I think the magic is, it's actually largely across the board. Even our psychology business is actually doing well, particularly in a few key markets in Western Europe, the overall diagnostics as we've been placing those Panthers, I think you can go back really over three, four -- three or four years now, where the molecular business outside the U.S. is oftentimes been at 20-ish percent growth rate, and if anything, it's just going to be turbocharged here. Going forward, breast health has been very solid as well and even things like the SOMATEX acquisition we did in breast health, 15 months ago, whatever, a German-based company with some of the markers, it's helped put us on the on the map there. Surgicals picking up a little bit. So, there's no one -- I think the magic of it that makes us feel actually even better is, it's not like a one hit wonder. It's not one country, one geography, one product line, even one franchise is doing it. It's really a whole bunch of incremental things, just inexorably getting stronger. And then, that's what gives us more confidence for the future.
Stephen MacMillan: In terms of where they're going Derek. It's really again, it's very broad based, some are to existing customers and some might have three and they add a fourth. We've definitely got new customers as well, they're going into -- the hospitals are going into small labs, they're going into the big labs, they're going into some -- certainly some are new customers for us. And, therefore, whether it's a competitive win or just an expansion of that, labs business, we're certainly seeing that. And we do think, the overall focus on high throughput instruments is going to be a very good thing for us going forth. And we feel like that's where we've got a real winning edge, as you you've known Panther well.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. We're looking both ways actually, as we think about it, whether we -- obviously, we've done smaller build-ons in terms of the markers and Faxitron Focal, kind of the breast conserving surgery stuff. I think we see various different ways we can go and are really assessing what else we can be doing across the broad continuum of care. And particularly on the treatment side of breast, so more of that would be potential in organic, some of its organic and we continue to look at things that way. We have time for one more question.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. It's great question. Certainly when valuation is correct, you always have the sellers, kind of remembering the good old days that might have been and I think right now we feel we're in a great position. There's a lot of stuff that, we had every banker and we had a bunch of both privates and companies went public last year in our face that wanted us to buy them then. And we said to a lot of them, why don't you go ahead and go public? And we'll keep our eyes on you and look at you later. So I think a lot of the corrections may create opportunities for us at the right time, they've got to settle in themselves. And candidly, when you have a really successful business, which we have right now, there's no urgency. So I think we were in that magical spot where our core businesses are so strong and growing, that we don't need to do anything. Meanwhile, we keep racking up cash, that puts us in a great position when we do want to act. And, we think whether it's this year or whether it's next year, opportunities will present themselves that we'll be able to take advantage of but absolutely no urgency from our standpoint, while people readjust to what might be that the true realities, not what they want to believe the realities could be
