Michael Watts: Thank you, Justin. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us for Hologic's First Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. With me today are Steve MacMillan, the company's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Karleen Oberton, our Chief Financial Officer. Steve and Karleen both have some prepared remarks, then we'll have a question-and-answer session. Our first quarter press release is available now on the Investors section of our website. We also will post our prepared remarks to our website shortly after we deliver them. Finally, a replay of this call will be archived through February 21. Before we begin, I'd like to inform you that certain statements we make during this call will be forward-looking. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such factors include those that are referenced in the safe harbor statement that's included in our earnings release and in our filings with the SEC. Also during this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. One of these non-GAAP measures is organic revenue, which we are defining as constant currency revenue less the divested Blood Screening and Cynosure businesses as well as the acquired SuperSonic Imagine business. We hope that our discussion of organic revenue in this call will simplify a complex quarter and help you focus on the parts of our business that matter most. Finally, any percentage changes that we discuss will be on a year-over-year basis, and revenue growth rates will be expressed in constant currency unless otherwise noted. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Steve MacMillan, Hologic's CEO.
Michael Watts: Hey, Chris, before you get started, just for the -- this is Mike. Just for the operator, it's fine to let folks ask a second follow-up question, just to be clear. So I just wanted to make that point that you're welcome to ask a follow-up. Sorry about that.
Michael Watts: Yes. Chris, just -- this is Mike. Just to give a little more color on that. I think we've said, last year, our Fusion respiratory assay revenue was around $10 million, a little bit less. So that will give you a sense. I mean certainly, we were up in the quarter as you would expect, and we would expect to be up in the year. But as Steve said, not a huge deal.
Michael Watts: Yes. Jack, it's Mike. I think we were pretty happy with the Molecular number in the quarter, both U.S. as well as OUS. As we've talked about in that business, it's not really any one thing that drives growth. Certainly, the core women's health assay, specifically chlamydia, gonorrhea, HPV and Trich, are the biggest tests. So they have to grow for the business to kind of show the performance that you've seen, but they were up very solidly in the quarter in mature markets. Viral load was a nice contributor as well. I think we highlighted some growth in Africa, in particular, from viral load. And I would say some of the new products, particularly the vaginosis panel, the BV/CV test, are starting to contribute as well. So pleased with where that division is. And I guess I would say -- sorry, Jack, I guess the other thing. I mean remember, that had a really bad comp last year, too. It was a very challenging prior year comp. So that might be some of what you're seeing.
Michael Watts: Yes, I don't -- hey, David, it's Mike. I don't know that we said $0.02 to $0.04 accretive for the year. I think when we announced the divestiture, basically, the business was breakeven or at least was expected to be breakeven for the year. Clearly, they did worse than that in the first quarter. We said that the combination of the divestiture and the ASR would be about $0.02 accretive. Maybe that's where we weren't clear. But -- so we were kind of looking at those things as roughly $0.02 accretive. And then, of course, we absorbed, as Karleen said, some extra dilution that's baked into the raise in Q1 here.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Patrick, your -- the last part of your question is extra insightful, that in the U.S., there was -- really, the core businesses were not as distracted, but clearly, Karleen, me and Mike, the whole senior management team was. Internationally, to your point, I think what we're really excited about is the international folks being able to really double down on the 3 core businesses because like anything, they were probably spending a disproportionate amount of time and energy dealing with customer issues, service issues, whatever it might be on the Cynosure business. And I will tell you, if you talk to our head of Asia Pac, our head of the European area and then you get into the country leaders and everything else, they, I think, are very excited about the opportunities ahead. And I think we've been making very nice progress in the last few years internationally, but this is probably the best news they can get out of it. And it makes us more excited about the opportunities ahead.
Stephen MacMillan: There was a bit of both. I think at the -- truthfully, at the start of the year, Cynosure, we thought, was going to grow roughly in line with the rest of the businesses. Now clearly, that did not happen in the first quarter because of the divestiture and the announcement. So it was a pretty ugly quarter. But I think if you really look at it, at the end of the day, the revised guidance upward is also more conviction and confidence in our core businesses. So it's really more about the additional confidence we have in our core businesses. We didn't really see Cyno being a drag. Now probably, it would have been, but it's -- clearly, we feel better and better about each of the 3 other businesses.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. We wish it was, but we're still so small in the flu business. If anything, we always -- we're probably still at that stage where it could possibly hurt us a touch as people may give up other visits to their doctors. But I think, overall, awash, but we don't see it being a big benefit to us yet just because we're not as big yet in that space.
Stephen MacMillan: I would not expect it to be a double-digit growth. I think like all these things in international, sometimes, it's the smaller bases and timing, you get a little capital sale, you get some things like -- having said that, I think we do see it being at least a slightly growing asset outside the U.S. to offset the declines in the U.S. And it's why I think, globally, we feel like Cytology is roughly a flattish business. And international gets a little more growth. It might tweak that slightly better, but I don't think it's necessarily a double-digit grower.
Stephen MacMillan: We have been placing more Panthers internationally over the recent quarters than we have in the U.S. So I think our ability to continue to sustain that we feel really good about.
Stephen MacMillan: Brian, I think it's so hard, quite frankly, to really have a great handle on our market shares by segment because there's not great data on a lot of these. I think, anecdotally, from what we just feel, yes, there's still enormous opportunities ahead. And when you look at our relative revenue, under 1/4 of most of our businesses are outside the U.S., where clearly huge opportunities do, again, continue to be playing out not just in the coming quarters, but really, we think we've got a decade's worth of runway here in terms of solid growth before they even catch up to the U.S., probably ultimately the U.S. shares.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. There's always the extra R&D projects that will come up even during the course of the year that we'll look at. I think we now have better and better leadership internationally. And so that ability to be thinking about adding some more sales reps behind certain franchises in certain countries, I think those kind of opportunities are the kind that can -- we can redeploy efforts as we go through and then the occasional marketing activities as well. But it's really looked at by franchise, by geography, combination, sales, marketing, R&D.
Stephen MacMillan: I would remind you, Raj, as you well know, our margins are already pretty good. So a big part of our focus at this point has really been on accelerating that organic growth rate via the investments in R&D, sales, marketing. And we think, overall, it's going to be a pretty good combination, but more on accelerating the sales growth than on huge additional focuses on margins. But again, obviously, we're always working and expect to improve the margins as well.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think, overall, probably each of our businesses is going to grow solidly in the mid-singles for the year. Breast Health, that will include a little bit of help from SSI, as we said at the start. And then Surgical was probably a little bit at the higher end of that piece; and Diagnostics, pretty much right in the middle. So I think all of that gets to that 4% to 5% organic that we're talking about.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think, as we always said, especially going against the first 2 quarters where we had these monster comps from a year ago. That's why our initial guidance, if you recall from last quarter, only called for 1.2% to 3.0% organic growth.
Stephen MacMillan: I don't know. We've got a great number on that because, again, just some of the data sources and other stuff. But I think it gets back to we have a lot of runway ahead to consider the size of our Molecular business outside the U.S. relative to inside. Can we easily double and triple it over the longer term where we are today to outside the U.S.? Yes.
Stephen MacMillan: It's so hard to know that when you start to deal country-by-country and everything else. I think we feel good about the trajectory. And obviously, it sources above.
Karleen Oberton: And Patrick, this is Karleen. The only thing I would also add is that it kind of shows such a back-end-loaded revenue in the quarter. Really, this divesture also gives us increased confidence in our forecasting ability and ability to reinvest when we see upside. So I think it's a benefit there though as well.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. And I think to the point that Steve made earlier, internationally, is it's a significant piece of the upward take in that guidance.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. Clearly, we're really pleased with the Surgical performance and the continued improved performance we've seen over the -- several quarters now. But yes, I would say acceleration is clearly from Surgical and probably Diagnostic as well.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So I would just say that the increase really has to do with the timing of obtaining the controlling interest. So when we originally guided in Q4, we assumed we would not have a controlling interest and therefore, no revenue in the first quarter. So the uptake is really the timing of that controlling interest. And I think it's early days, but the integration is off to a start. And I think, as we've said before, SSI had minimal presence in the U.S., only, I think, 5 reps -- sales reps in the U.S. And so our teams are excited to drop that product into their -- our sophisticated commercial infrastructure here in the U.S.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I think we talked about -- I think the majority of the growth is from share gains, a little less from the -- the new products' contribution is the viral load internationally, which is contributing nicely. But we expect continued double-digit growth, probably maybe not at the rate that we've seen as they come against some of those tougher comps, but feel really good about that business.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So I think the transactions that we've done to date have been in the Breast Health division because certainly, within Diagnostics and Surgical, there's more than adequate capacity to take on transactions. I think Breast Health has -- still has a very active M&A pipeline. They do have a lot of integration activities. But certainly, we feel that if the right deal came along, we have the ability to make the capacity to do a transaction.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So Dave, let me walk you through how we thought about we'd raise the guidance on the bottom line. So yes, we absorbed the $0.02, additional $0.02 loss. We'd talked about the ASR was about $0.02. Again, there is -- that includes the impact of the stranded costs in the -- from Cynosure because they will bring a piece of our overhead. And then the incremental ASR -- the incremental open share repurchase is less than $0.01 for the full year. So it gets you close to $0.025 at the midpoint.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I mean I think, eventually, that if you think about 3D was originally approved in 2011, but you had that significant uptake in the 2014, 2015 time frame. With the 7-year life, 7 to 9 year life, at some point, there's a replacement cycle there. But I think we've intentionally smoothed out that cycle with the upgrades that we're doing to the field now. Because if you think about our greatest gantry, 3D, 3Dimensions, those features and functionalities are backwards-compatible to the installed base. So really, trying to minimize that pent-up demand in our replacement cycle. So we feel good and really are pleased with the steady approach of placements over the coming years.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So certainly, that's always a focus, to create leverage in an operating margin. And I think, always, we have ongoing programs within the supply chain organization to work on that. And then there's still efforts within the middle of the P&L that we can take. It's an active -- it's an ongoing activity throughout the organization to look for leverage points.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So if you look even at just what we've guided to for Q2, 62% to 63%, compared to where we ended Q1, you can see the midpoint of the 100 basis improvement in the margin profile. So I think that's 50 to 100 basis points is how we're thinking the impact is for Cynosure as we move forward. And I think operating margins certainly will be more than that on the gross margin given that Cynosure was such a heavy OpEx business.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, maybe I'll describe it another ways. The majority of that decline was really Cynosure. So if you looked at the base business, gross margins are essentially flat year-over-year. And if we looked at quarterly trending of gross margins in '19, Q1 was our best gross margin quarter. So majority is really Cynosure-related.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I think we -- what we said is Surgical -- I think Steve just talked about the segment, that we expect Surgical at the high end of that mid-single digit given the Q1 performance. Again, we have contribution from new products coming throughout the continuation of the year. But to your point, we are coming up against higher comps. So that's why we don't -- we're not projecting that 10% for the full year.
