Mike Watts: Thank you, Cody. Good afternoon. And thanks for joining us for Hologic's fourth quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. With me today are Steve MacMillan, the company's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Karleen Oberton, our Chief Financial Officer. Steve and Karleen both have some prepared remarks today, and then we'll have a question-and-answer session. Our fourth quarter press release is available now on the Investors section of our Web site. We also will post our prepared remarks to our Web site shortly after we deliver them. Finally, a replay of this call will be archived through November 29th. Before we begin, I'd like to inform you that certain statements we make during this call will be forward-looking. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such factors include those referenced in the Safe Harbor statement that's included in our earnings release and in our filings with the SEC. Also during this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Finally, any percentage changes we discuss will be on a year-over-year basis and revenue growth rates will be expressed in constant currency unless otherwise noted. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Steve MacMillan, Hologic's CEO.
Mike Watts: Jack, this is Mike. If I can just add one thing to that about the U.S. market. As Steve said, we have placed a lot of Panthers in the U.S. But we have, I think 15, 16 different tests approved on Panther domestically and only about half of our customers use more than two assays. So there's lots more room on board those systems to layer additional menu as it gets approved and it's already approved.
Mike Watts: And as a reminder, Anthony, that's been going on at the state level in a bunch of states for quite some time, so that contributes to what we're seeing as well.
Mike Watts: Cody, I think about that and that's about all the time that we have. So thanks everybody for your time on the call today, and we will talk to you all soon.
Steve MacMillan: Tycho, make no mistake, we feel really good about the zip code or getting into here in terms of organic growth. And certainly if you look in this most recent quarter, the number was well above where we've been. We just don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves. It's kind of like we had a great first quarter to the year 13%. We're about to go against 13.5% comp in Breast Health and 11% in Molecular Diagnostics as we start the year. So we just don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves. But don't mistake that for confidence in the underlying growth in the business, all the new products coming through, building quarter-upon-quarter Surgical bouncing back and getting stronger. So I think we feel very good. We're just this is coming out of the gates. It's certainly an uncertain global economy and everything else right now, there's no sense with us being too far ahead of ourselves. But don't mistake the guidance for how we feel about the business.
Steve MacMillan: I think as one of the few people who is running a company through the last major economic meltdown, as you know, [Bill Moyers] can be a little more cautious. And having said that, I think we feel better and better about the sustainability of our business. First off, we're so much less dependent on capital. Our diagnostics business, our surgical businesses, these are all recurring revenue and increasingly, our Breast Health business, between the gantries are a smaller and smaller portion of that. The service business is big, the additional product upgrades and those kinds of things that are smaller outlays, that can be funded out of operating expenses from the hospital budgets. I think we feel very, very good about the likelihood of continued growth within the businesses. And the fact that we've really transformed what the company looked like certainly going into the last downturn.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Not to get too granular with it, Bill. I would say in the U.S., we're certainly seeing numbers probably above that, and outside the U.S. still below that 40-ish percent number. So we still have a lot of runway ahead of us. And I think part of what we feel really good about is the continued placing of the Panthers. And the way we keep thinking about this is, keep placing more and more Panthers each year, another 200-ish last year. And then as you know, we're putting more and more menu onto each Panther, both domestically and internationally. So there's still a long way to go without us having to place an enormous amount of additional Panther. So a lot of the capital has already been made. That's been part of the gross margin issue even internationally as we've been placing more of the Panthers, and then that will recoup and it will be part of our margin expansion story in the years ahead.
Steve MacMillan: Jack, I think highest level we're probably in the 7th-ish inning in the United States, so a little earlier internationally. But I think still some significant opportunities, particularly with our largest customers. To your second point, lab consolidation, I think, that's an inevitable that we expect to continue to see. I think part where we feel great about the relationships that we've cultivated very deep relationships, obviously, with the largest players in the United States. We continue to work very closely with them to help both drive categories, volumes. And as they are really the consolidators, you know, we will benefit certainly from a volume standpoint going forth.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, I mean that's a lot of detail there, Jack. We probably aren't going to go quite that far. I mean, I think we talked about virology a year ago being in the $20 million range. I don't think it quite double, but kind of close to that in the most recent 2019. Fusion is off to a good start, ramping off of base but that base is much smaller than that.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Ivy, I think as we look at it, we see tremendous opportunities for all of our franchises in all of the major geographies. I think we really put more of a footprint down in Western Europe over the last few years where we now have -- we've gone direct in the Breast Health business, really in the UK and in Portugal, Spain, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, we still use dealers in most of the rest of Europe. But I think we've really built a competency there. Our Diagnostics business, we've gone more and more direct in those businesses. And Surgical, we're really just getting started. We're really only had a few countries in Europe and starting to build that business out as well. Shifting over Asia Pac, it's really a fairly similar story. The biggest underdevelopment, candidly, is Japan, that will take longer certainly to build out just given the fundamental dynamics, particularly in the Breast Health space there. But I think we're seeing very nice progress across the diagnostics business, including Cytology, and big opportunities in Breast Health in diagnostics and surgical certainly over time as well. So I think the way we think about it is, each year we're building a few more competencies and it's not going to be something you're going to see an inflection point, but consistently growing at an creative rate to the overall company.
Steve MacMillan: We are not seeing any softness in Europe at the moment. I'm always a little nervous between Brexit, between everything else you have going on there, but we've been planning, and preparing. And I think for us we just continue to feel like our teams are getting stronger and stronger there. So feel good about our outlook. And really, I can't tell you how excited we are by our team in Europe. They have just come so far in the last few years.
Steve MacMillan: I think, we see it pretty much in that range. And we go back to four years ago or so when we said we were intent on breaking the cycle, and the job Pete Valenti and our U.S. team has done has been truly breakthrough and breaking that cycle. And I think what we've gotten into is much more of a steady cadence of replacement cycle that we had articulated we saw coming years ago, and it was our attempt to doing. So I think it's kind of settling into that range, which works out pretty well because the positive for that is it still gives us years ahead, I think everybody can see from the MQSA data that's available. We're clearly gaining far more in the competitive set than just upgrading our -- so I think still gives us years of runway ahead of us here, plus then being able to go back and get additional revenue from mining the install base further. But I think that's a rough way to think about it.
Steve MacMillan: We have not, Luke. I think we kind of wondered about that a little bit in our fiscal first quarter of last year when Breast Health was really strong, but haven't really seen much to that effect at this point in time.
Steve MacMillan: Keep the expectations down there. I think it'll build over the year because of the way the product pipeline is shaping up. We've got some things coming that probably won't quite hit in our fiscal first quarter, but should hopefully start to hit as we go into frankly the new calendar year. So I think we feel certainly better about the build on that business through the year.
Steve MacMillan: We're not declaring that we see that business, that NovaSure itself growing necessarily next year. We do feel great about the trajectory of the surgical business.
Steve MacMillan: Sure Anthony. I'm probably owed for my lifetime on exactly predicting those kind of things out of FDA. I think what we do feel great about is what we control, which is we are the only 3D with the dense breasts indication, that is helping us when new business all of the time as people see that we're the ones that have that. Whether that guideline comes through from FDA in 2020 or not, exactly when it comes through, we don't see it as having necessarily a material uptick in our business, other than a further reinforcement of where the business is going.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. I think it will be less in terms of meaningful acceleration or anything like that. I'd just be more of the products where we're starting to sell, like Clarity HD, our SmartCurve paddle we were able to start to monetize additional software into the gantries and into our sales. But over time, we think it's going to help establish that much more of a moat around our business by being the leaders to leverage the largest base install base in the business. So I don't think you'll be able to meaningfully break out that AI products are going to add ex million of growth, but they will start to dribble in here later on in 2020 and then start to contribute more in 2021 and beyond.
Steve MacMillan: I think it'll likely be later this year. Our expectation is we will be back on the market with new capital, probably in our fiscal fourth quarter. So we should be there so. so, give Brian our best.
Steve MacMillan: I think as we think about the growth rate for molecular next year, probably smart to think about it is in the mid singles and then gaining pushing upwards towards high singles. Certainly, we're going to be going against some really tough comps, especially the first three quarters this year against global double digit numbers. So I think it will still be very strong growth in that space. I think for the competitive environment, we feel pretty good that we continue to innovate. And as we are rolling out more and more assays, that business should certainly be good. So we've guided our overall diagnostics businesses, as Karleen said, probably in at least the low mid single digits. So Molecular will clearly be leading above that.
Steve MacMillan: Sure Dan. Actually really glad you asked that, because probably what's been under appreciated is, we've really shifted from a, what's been a corporate led business development strategy for what had been most of the 2000s and frankly up, even up to the Cynosure deal. But over the last few years, we've really built the divisional lead tuck-in capabilities. And I think we're just starting to really see what we'll be able to do there. In terms of magnitude, would not expect us to exceed, for example, our annual cash flow in terms of rough amount of deals. So, I think we're definitely in the tuck-in mode. There will certainly probably be a few that could be bigger than $100-ish million deals that we've done to-date, but nothing that's going to blow the mind or anything. I think we like really frankly being able to both do some acquisitions and do some stock buybacks within each year. And while not a formal policy, it's something we've discussed quite a bit as a management team and our board of really being able to use the natural cash flow that we have each year as opposed to needing to lever up or take on something more. And I think we've now seen there's more opportunities within our core businesses, and things that we're excited by. So thank you.
Karleen Oberton: So I think the first part of your question, Tycho, that we've quantified the China tariffs around $10 million annually as the headwind. And as we look at operating margins into 2020, we do expect leverage when we expect gross margins to improve, we expect higher revenue. And we do believe there's still opportunities in the middle of the P&L, especially as we integrate recent acquisitions to contribute to the margin growth.
Karleen Oberton: Just to add to that, we look at certain key international markets. We only have one or two assays approved on the Panther. And as we peruse additional regulatory approvals, that will drive that increased utilization and the margin expansion that Steve mentioned.
Karleen Oberton: I would just add some comments I made early. The opportunity is clearly expanding the assay menu in key countries internationally is going to drive growth. And as well as on the Breast Health business compared to the U.S., we are still converting from analog to 2D, not just 2D to 3D, so continued long runway for our key products.
Karleen Oberton: So I think maybe you're referring to gross margins. There was a lot of puts and takes in the results, more takes I think than we expected. As we look to 2020, I think we're thinking about a range of gross margin expansion of about 50 basis points to 100 basis points. And as I talked about, we believe that will build as the year goes on in that from an operating margin perspective probably a little bit from that.
Karleen Oberton: So I don't think anything's changed capital deployment strategy really between tuck-in M&A and share repurchase. I think from a guidance perspective, we just assumed a minimal share repurchase to manage dilution. As we just sit here today it's early and where the deal flow will play out.
Karleen Oberton: Sure, Anthony, this is Karleen. So what we've said is as you know, we don't own a 100% of that today. We're tender offer process. So what our guidance assumes is that we will have revenue from SSI for the three quarters Q2 to Q4 in a range of $25 million to $30 million. We also assume that for Q1 we'll have our portion of their loss as well in Q1, but no revenue or expenses.
