Karleen Oberton: Yes. So Jack, it’s Karleen. I’ll start off on kind of the evolution of the numbers. So first, let’s recognize in this quarter, we did a little better, and that was really a lot of efforts between our service and supply chain folks really prioritizing in remanufacturing chips for the service needs, which allowed us to sell more new gantries. So great effort there. I think when we think about the additional possibility of an additional $50 million, it has a little more to do with timing. And so we are pleased that we got a higher allocation of chips than we had thought than we had originally expected, but the timing of that is such that it won’t come in until 2023. I think we thought if there was an additional allocation, we might get that benefit in ‘22, but it’s looking like it’s 2023. And I think just on the second part of your question on demand, again, we see our backlog growing in our Breast Health business. It’s strong. We’re working really strategically with customers to make sure that we’re not losing any business because of this. And I think our intelligence would be that our competitors are probably in likely the same position as us.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. Vijay, it’s Karleen. I’ll take you through it. So if we look at the second half of 2022, you’re right. That is the worst impact of the breast health chip shortage. And so don’t think of the back half earnings power and the math you just did on the Q4 as what we call our base business earnings power. There is definitely an impact there, significant impact with pretty minimal COVID revenue in the fourth quarter. The other thing I would point to is that if we look at the back half, we have a higher operating expenses and simply dilutive operating margins from our acquisitions, which actually be a tailwind as we move forward into 2023 and beyond. And we do have some incremental investments in both Q3 and Q4. Those investments will either not occur in 2023 or be significantly lower. So to reiterate, the back half earnings power is not reflective of the base business because of the one-time items, I’ll call them, that we have there.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would say that I would expect it not to be compared to – as we will see benefits from increased supply early in ‘23. But I think we will see, to your point, a normalization throughout the year is what I would think would happen because, even though we have a building backlog, it’s going to take multiple quarters to work through it. As these installs of this equipment is highly scheduled with the hospitals and breast centers because typically have to take rooms down, its construction as well as the install takes almost a week. So, it’s going to take several quarters to work through that. So, I would say, a normalization over the course of the year.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. It’s Karleen. I will tell onto that. So, less than 3% of our revenue comes from China. So, we have pretty minimal exposure. We do think there is some impact that is factored into our guide and we really don’t have any manufacturing presence within China. I think what we are dealing with is the kind of global supply chain chip issue related to China. But from a revenue perspective, it’s pretty immaterial.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would just emphasize that most of the CTMG testing is asymptomatic. So, when you think about at-home testing, it would be generated by a symptom, most – vast majority of the testing is asymptomatic and again, part of that well women’s visit.
Karleen Oberton: So, in rough numbers, I think the increased allocation increased our expected unit production by about 20% to 25% in 2023. And I think from that initial, hopefully, we will get – we just don’t know. We don’t have that visibility to – with that allocation gets any higher, but that’s what we are planning on right now.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. What we know is kind of incorporated into the guide in our commentary, I think to try to bring on new suppliers would take multiple quarters. And I think the issue, the supply issue is not just our supplies, it’s all the suppliers. So, it doesn’t really solve the problem.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. No. So, breast service, we love our breast service revenue. It’s – I think the comment was about 40% of the breast revenue in the quarter. But that – most of that revenue, the majority is tied to long-term service contracts. So, it’s contracts that are over multiple years where the revenue is basically amortized over the contract period. And really it’s tied to our installed base. So, we are not putting up more gantries, it’s hard to do more service contracts. So, that’s really – that’s more of a stabilizing fact in that division versus the limited to pull forward.
Karleen Oberton: Well, certainly, as COVID revenue comes down, the gross margins will come down from where they have been. But from an absorption perspective, our manufacturing of COVID is fungible with all of our molecular diagnostics manufacturing. It’s not a separate COVID line where we will have to mothball, if you will. I think the other piece of what has happened over the last 2 years is we have expanded our manufacturing, but that’s been substantially funded by the Department of Defense and our contracts with them. So, there is really no big hit, if you will, for idle capacity. That was the question.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, Jack. And by the way, I’d also clarify that we’re not going to use the cash on the balance sheet to buy the Eagles. I know you, but…
Steve MacMillan: Yes, exactly. So in terms of our relationship with the National Labs, I probably couldn’t be more proud of our teams. And even we’ve always had good relationships, but when you think about the way we responded. And particularly, if you look at the two big major labs in the United States, but even a number of the other big ones right below the top two. When they were really under the gun and you think back to the April, May, June time frame of 2020, when the evening news around the world – around the country was always about the 8-day turnaround times for PCR tests and all of the problems with molecular testing. And that’s when we dispatched and our team went around the clock to put Panthers in all over the place. And we really worked so well to help those – both of those customers dramatically reduce the turnaround times. And I think we’ve used both the relationship in coming to their aid during that time as well as, frankly, I think they increasingly understand that we’re building markets. When it comes to how we approach the women’s health market, we’re also working the reimbursements. We’re working the physician recommendations. We’re working the guideline developments. And all of that is helping to grow the market, which, by definition, is growing them. So I would tell you, I feel like it’s more of a partnership that is valued than just a traditional vendor/vendee relationship. And I think our teams have worked so hard to have many good relationships throughout all levels, both operationally within the marketing teams, and we like where we’re positioned. We really do.
Steve MacMillan: I think, Vijay, part of it on the Surgical business is probably as some of the hospitals came back up post Omicron. They tended to prioritize some of the cardiovascular procedures and some of the more immediate procedures, whereas our GYN surge is viewed as a little more elective. So I think there was a little bit of that probably in the quarter that we think shakes out completely over time as the women’s health issues come back. And I think our base molecular diagnostics business was up 7%, not too shabby in a period where a lot of our machines ended up running a lot of additional COVID tests, so nothing that we are concerned about. And I think as we continue to look all of these quarters, there is variability in the puts and takes, and we keep managing our business overall that as one part goes up. The reality is we do see trade-offs we did sell $584 million of COVID in the quarter. There is a bit of a trade-off on our base business with that. So as that goes back, I think we’re very optimistic about where the base business comes here as that COVID testing really does probably really some side here.
Steve MacMillan: And Vijay, back to even building on the comment on the base business, I’d remind you in a couple of simple things here. We’ve not only passed through the full beat on top line and bottom line through the balance of the year. So the second half is every bit as intact as what it was prior, despite more headwinds. All of which should underscore the confidence that we have in our base business. And to Karleen’s point, that is – the fourth quarter is not the ongoing run rate.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think the biggest thought we should leave you with is we are comfortable being patient right now. Just because we have a very strong amount of cash on the balance sheet doesn’t mean we feel pressure to go do it in the next quarter or two quarters. We know that deals will present themselves in the quarters or years ahead. And I was showing Karleen our old headline from the late ‘08 timeframe at Stryker, where we were sitting on a pile of cash. And at the time, I was being criticized for being too conservative, and opportunities presented themselves over the next few years. And I think we feel very confident and frankly, should feel great in an uncertain world to be sitting with the balance sheet that we have relative to what we had 8 years or 10 years ago in this company. And it just gives us the ability to be patient and therefore, make great deals and continue to do a combination, some buybacks, but we still ultimately are looking and think there will be some good deals that will present themselves. And we are not going to get into the specific size. But obviously, we have got a fair amount on the balance sheet right now, and it doesn’t mean we are ready to go below it all at once or anything else. I think we have been showing over the last 5 years or so, we are being very disciplined in and rigorous.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. The placements are really going for both COVID and new business. I think the magic for us is we have been able to expose Panther to so many new customers around the world. And they have seen the benefits both in COVID and it’s also given us the chance to talk about the menu and the expanded menu. So, we are really getting them on both fronts. And I think every time we start to see customers getting ready to port some of the newer assays onto their machines, we have yet another spike. And candidly, we would have expected more base business growth this quarter. And then low and behold, we did another 28.5 million COVID tests. As a reminder, that’s as much as we were doing practically globally, more than what we were doing globally pre-pandemic on all of our businesses combined. So, it’s – I think people have become old to the numbers, but that has an impact in terms of our customers being able to adopt the other parts of the menu when again, they just got thrown back into huge testing. Now, I think as it plays out here in the coming quarters, we are assuming a much stronger and prolonged ramp down here in the COVID testing. That’s going to really, we believe, allow the underlying strength of our core menu to start to shine through, and you will start to see it in these quarters.
Steve MacMillan: I think we see opportunities again over time to more directly influence the size of those markets and everything else. So, I think what we do see in the near-term is the ability with a lot of the additional Panthers we have placed to have more menu running through them. And then the second piece would be really helping to grow those markets more significantly over time. So, I think we feel very encouraged short-term from all the placements and longer term because of the strength that we have put in our teams. And frankly, the additional access we have gotten to a lot of the health ministers of the world through both COVID time as well as the Hologic Global Women’s Health Index to, I think start to get women’s health moved up the priority list, where we will be able to get more screening guidelines and things to put in place in the coming years, particularly in Western Europe.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. We will see where that all plays out. We are always very, very cognizant. But I think as we continue to think about how women are going to get these tests and the doctors and the reimbursements and everything else, I think we continue to feel very good about our position.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. Nor would we want to pull it forward quite harshly. I think what we love about that business is, it’s stable and candidly we have got all the additional COVID revenue this year. What we are really looking forward to is, people will start to see the underlying strength of our base businesses in 2023. And the last thing we would want to do is mortgage some of that.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. Many do, but they are still largely used differently. A lot of the bench-top stuff is really for symptomatic and especially respiratory or other symptomatic stuff, whereas ours is largely asymptomatic and ongoing screening. So, I think this is going to be a question of and not or. And there is going to be meaningful opportunities on all fronts. I do think we are very well positioned and feel great about where we are with the Panther placements. So, I think we are very confident you are going to continue to see that, and that will unfold even more as the COVID revenue goes away.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. In terms of the base business, that’s the – Joe, it’s really around having the time to get the new assays up and running on the Panther within each hospital in each lab. But I would tell you, just from having – we are in our strategic plan process right now where we have been sitting down both with the U.S. diagnostics team, but also our international teams. And as we look at the optimism that they have for the underlying growth rates of our molecular business for the next few years, it gets pretty exciting. So, we are not ready to give guidance or anything on that front. But I think there is just the additional placements and the additional opportunities. And don’t underestimate in a world where labor constraints and labor costs have become a huge issue. I think people are forgetting one of the massive benefits of the Panther is the workflow automation, the random batch access. This is the pen caps that we have. This is a remarkably efficient system that we think is only – and that’s part of what the customers are seeing and looking forward to the future. So, I think it’s going to bode very well for us.
Steve MacMillan: Very. It’s a long-term thing. Obviously, we did not anticipate the chip shortage. And having said that, you know what, think about what those growth rates are going to be when we index against these quarters, next year. But even on a long-term basis, I think we feel very, very good about what the growth rates of our base businesses will probably be doing over the next couple of years. We have got a couple of punky quarters here right ahead of us to finish a year that’s already a very strong year. And its growth rates as we start to look into ‘23, probably looking pretty good.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I almost don’t even want to go there, Derik, is the quarterly swing who knows where it all goes, and I think we are poised either way. But I would put in a de minimis number for 2024, and yet I think we will certainly expect some volumes to continue to be there. So, probably not a horrible estimate, but we are nowhere near being able to give guidance.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think it starts with always having a superior product. And we have not gotten where we have gotten from a market share standpoint, particularly in mammography and especially in 3D without having a superior product. And I think – and also superior workflow throughout the whole gamut. And I think hospitals are seeing what we bring to them in a critically important area. To your second point, I will say, we are not of the high ticket items in a grand scheme, a hospital recapitalizing a few rooms in mammography or even several suites is nowhere near the magnitude of some of the bigger iron, the massive, whether it’s robots or MRIs and those kinds of things. So, I think it does allow us to kind of be in a sweet spot where even if there is a little bit of capital contraction that we think we will be fine there. And I think our team is feeling very, very good.
