Glenn P. Muir: Thanks, Rob. Turning now to the financial highlights on Slide 13. The transaction is EPS accretive, accelerates our growth, diversifies our revenue, provides significant synergies and enhances our cash flow. Through this transaction, we are poised to create significant long term value for Hologic's shareholder. If you'll turn to Slide 14 with me, I'll walk through each of these in more detail. Gen-Probe employs approximately 1,400 people, with projected revenues for 2012 estimated between $630 million and $655 million. The projected annual pro forma LTM revenue of the combined company is expected to total approximately $2.4 billion, with combined adjusted EBITDA of approximately $822 million. We expect the combination to be $0.20 accretive to Hologic's non-GAAP earnings per share with the first full year after close. Turning to Slide 15. Gen-Probe has a consistent track record of growth. From 2007 to 2011, Gen-Probe's revenue increased 9.4% on a compounded annual growth rate, and their adjusted EBITDA increased 9.5%. This transaction will accelerate our top and bottom line growth. In addition, we think our combined company will be poised for sustained growth given the strength of our current product portfolio, our international coverage, attractive opportunities for expansion, the incremental upside we expect to achieve from cross-selling opportunities and our continued commitment to investing in R&D in order to drive innovation. As you can see on Slide 16, the combined company will have a diversified portfolio of products, with the core focus on Diagnostics and women's imaging. On a pro-forma basis, 50% of our revenue will be in Diagnostics, 38% in women's imaging and 12% in surgical. Our Diagnostics business will be focused on the highest volume screening diagnostic tests in the market. As you can see, our emphasis continues to be on women's health, accounting for 86% of the combined company's pro forma revenue. Turning to Slide 17, we believe this transaction will create compelling synergies. We expect that we'll be generating annual cost synergies of approximately $75 million within 3 years following the close of the transaction, $40 million in cost synergies anticipated in year one. Synergies include cost efficiencies, overhead consolidation and shared resources. And as I mentioned earlier, we expect this transaction to be financially accretive to cash earnings per share within the first 12 months of closing. Turning now to Slide 18 and taking a look at our balance sheet. As we always have, we are taking a disciplined approach to our balance sheet. Post-transaction, Hologic will continue to be in a strong liquidity position, with over $600 million of cash and pro forma net leverage of 5.3x. By the end of fiscal 2012, this September, we expect net leverage to drop to just under 5x. Looking to the graph, combined company expects to have strong operating cash flow, which will be used primarily to reduce debt. And importantly, we expect Hologic to return to pre-transaction debt levels within 3 years. With that, I'll turn the call back to Rob.
Glenn P. Muir: David, let me start off with that question if I could then. I think accretion is an important part of the component here. We've really focused, I think, initially on how quickly we become accretive with this combination, which is in part, exciting to us. But it doesn't just stop at the first year. It becomes even more accretive as the companies work together going into years 2 and 3. So there's a lot of effort around that area. When it comes to our return on invested capital, I mean we haven't really changed our focus on what's important to us as far as ensuring we have very positive NPV deals that we look at, the desired return, and we've talked a little bit about that before. It might be too early to get into that on this call. But this fits all the parameters that we normally look at, and in addition, provides all the strategic benefits of kind of enhancing our growth profile. So for us, we're pretty excited about the financial return.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes. I'm going to defer that one a little bit, David. The returns that we're looking for, I think, and what we're able to enhance the growth profile of Hologic would lead one to believe we could get into those territories, but we're way too early to really spend any time on that, if we could.
Glenn P. Muir: Rich, let me try to help. I mean, we've done a very careful review of all the synergies between the 2 companies, and I'm afraid we're probably not going to be able to be very specific at this time. But the cost efficiencies that we're thinking about are in a number of different areas. I mean, some of them are -- could be fairly obvious, with cost efficiencies between the companies, overhead consolidation and all of these areas will be looked at. But I do want to point out that the $40 million, especially for the first year, we're extremely comfortable with where that's coming from. And that's on the cost side. And I think in addition to the cost synergies, we can't lose sight of the many revenue synergies that are out there today as well. As we go into some of these new territories that'll provide higher growth with the combined operation. And we really, for purposes of that synergy calculation, they were not factored in. So I think when we get beyond the first year, I think we'll probably begin to see more powerful synergies flow through.
Glenn P. Muir: Brian, we're going to have to hold back. We really can't comment on last year. But I think through our discussions and as we look at the marketplace that we're in, I think this fits into our overall strategic profile of what we've talked about as far as trying to expand within the women's health franchise and really builds upon that platform Rob talked about that we almost 5 years ago set up with Cytyc and now trying to expand to get the synergies. And , it just so happened that all this -- much like 5 years ago, all the stars were aligned to make this happen as it did today.
Robert A. Cascella: Thanks, Glenn. In terms of next steps on Slide 20, our management team is focused on a quick and seamless transition for Hologic, Gen-Probe and our combined customers. Following the close of the transaction, Gen-Probe will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hologic. We also intend to retain Gen-Probe's senior management, maintain a significant presence in San Diego. A dedicated project integration planning team will be put in place, and we expect a smooth transition. Well, in summary, the combination of these 2 companies creates a formidable presence in the molecular diagnostic market, accretive to growth, margins and earnings, this addition to Hologic will create the largest diagnostic company focused on women's health. Hologic will now be a market leader in the testing of STDs, as well as having access to several new adjacent growth markets. Strong synergies will enhance the already attractive earnings and cash flow profile of the combined business. We will now be pleased to take questions as time permits. We would like to stay focused on the combination of Hologic and Gen-Probe and keep the Q&A session focused on the transaction. If you have questions about the results and outlook announced today, please contact the respective IR departments of Hologic and Gen-Probe after the call. Thank you. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Robert A. Cascella: With respect to the HPV product line, as we indicated in the -- in one of our slides, Bill, we really are looking at this as a bifurcation strategy, where we'll approach the higher end high volume segment of the market with the Gen-Probe assays and automation and really use Cervista in the low to mid-tier, where we have had great traction and great success. In addition to that, we believe that the o-U.S. market, those that are decentralized, is a great market opportunity for Cervista. And as those markets consolidate, we see the transition to APTIMA as being appropriate as well. So it is really a combination strategy that allows us to use both assays in a most effective way.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, we're going to continue to maintain those. It's early on in the transaction, but we think that there's strong opportunities in those markets and with those technologies, and we view that, although outside of our core focus on women's health, we would like to exercise those to their fullest.
Robert A. Cascella: I think that's very accurate, and we're very optimistic that we can drive compliance, as well as utilization with our physician sales team and really leverage the already wonderful presence that Gen-Probe has at the lab front.
Robert A. Cascella: And David, with respect to the blood screening business, absolutely, not a part of the women's health focus, but a very stable, very profitable business from a U.S. perspective, and we truly believe that on an o-U.S. perspective, as national screening programs begin to emerge in some of the, the now developing markets, we think there's opportunity for strong growth in that area as well. So over time, we believe that it will be a strong contributor to both top line and bottom line.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, Isaac, thanks a lot. Really what we intend to do is leverage the products of Gen-Probe with the existing distribution that Hologic currently has. I mean, we have 500 people in China today and a direct sales operation, we are direct throughout all of Europe and have an infrastructure of training, applications and support people around the world. So the rationalization is a very simple one. Gen-Probe's early on in that development. So what this does is really accelerate the market penetration of their products with a ready-made distribution channel and an infrastructure to support them.
Robert A. Cascella: It's a bit early to talk about other things at this point. Obviously, we think we have strong organic growth profiles in all of our businesses today. And obviously, we'll at some point when it's appropriate, keep an open eye for new technologies. But for the time being, it's really all hands on deck to complete the integration of this business and rationalization of resources in product lines.
Robert A. Cascella: A great point. Look, I think what we have said in the past was that we wanted to build a Diagnostic business that had the same growth profile as our Breast Health business. And what this transaction does is really enable that. We think the Breast Health business is poised for explosive growth as a result of tomosynthesis, and what we are trying to do is get all 3 of our major segments on that same trajectory. So with the addition of this product line and these products, we feel that we're positioned to now have a high-growth molecular business and overall Diagnostic business as well. Differently than the Cytyc transaction entirely in that Cytyc was about creating a new vertical and a vertical that allowed us to have a diversification platform. What Gen-Probe brings, and I don't want to state this in a reckless way at all, is that this a large tuck-in. This is very consistent with our Diagnostic business. It is a major acquisition, but it is absolutely in line with the products and the infrastructure that we've already created. All that this simply does is give us the automation and menu that we need in order to grow that market more quickly. And that, in summary, is the benefit of it.
Robert A. Cascella: I think that it's -- obviously we believe that it's an excellent fit. We think that what we now have is a complete portfolio or menu in STDs. We get to utilize Cervista, as I said earlier, in a segment of the market that we think it is best served and move to the upper end of the market with a complete portfolio of products in addition to our ThinPrep pap test. So at the end of the day, it is about automation and menu that is ideally targeted for the profile of a given customer, and we have the complete spectrum of products now to be able to satisfy whatever the individual customer need is and whatever stage of either market centralization or decentralization we approach. So we feel, ideally, that this product gives us a little bit more horsepower and diversification to be able to meet customer needs.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes. We think that the real advantage is the combination of our laboratory sales force. So we'll have greater numbers with very, very experienced people in both molecular and cytology calling on labs. But more importantly, we sincerely believe that the addition of our physician sales force, which is something that Gen-Probe did not have, and that's 90 people in the United States alone, will drive practice patterns. We believe if we can drive utilization, we can drive compliance. When you think about the CT/NG market, it's 38% penetrated as a result of really not a lot of activity encouraging physicians to promote compliance. So we think that the strategy overall, is to take a physician sales team, our physician sales team, and drive growth organically in the existing markets that we have and drive preference to some of our new assays like Trichomonas and our HPV assays.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, and good question. It goes without saying, we're very, very bullish about our Breast Health segment. I feel, as if I have an obligation to grow the entire business. And as a result of that, we have been looking at ways to accelerate the Diagnostic franchise so that it had the same kind of growth profile as the breast business. This is not to take away anything from the significance and the potential of that business to again have explosive growth. And I keep saying that, and I hope that message is clear. We feel very, very optimistic about meeting or exceeding that 60% goal that we talked about at the beginning of the year relative to tomo penetration, that the clinical adoption of the product has been phenomenal. The response in the marketplace is better than any of us could expect and clinical papers are emerging and will be available towards the end of this year as we expected. So view this as we now, wanting to draw our attention to another one of our business segments and brought on the Gen-Probe business as really one of the elements in building Diagnostic so that it performs like Breast Health, not so that it makes up for Breast Health.
Robert A. Cascella: It's a great question, and I'll comment on first, why we think this is so important in terms of what this business also brings and that is that the emphasis here is that we have a very strong annuitized revenue stream. That's something that we don't have in capital equipment. So with the capital equipment at its current point in time, where we're at the beginnings of a technological succession, we think that, that will drive growth in that segment of the business. What this business will do is provide the continuity of a longer term annuitized revenue stream. So when we look at the mix of our products, we think that 75% to 80% of the business ends up being some level of annuitized revenue, either our service revenue, our devices or now, our Diagnostics. And the remainder of the business will be capital equipment. And that's simply, I think, good business for us. Higher gross margins, much more stable, insulated from some of the market dynamics both here and abroad. And again, I want to keep reminding the group, that is not to take anything away from Breast Health, which we think is going to be the leading product in the company over the years to come. Thank you very much. We're very, very excited about this transaction, and we certainly would invite you to call our IR groups so that we can answer more questions in a far more detailed manner. We look forward to reporting in the future and are very, very excited to move forward on this transaction. Thank you.
Carl W. Hull: You bet. And very good questions. I'll try to cover them all. First of all, with respect to both menu and R&D opportunities, I think it's very clear that those opportunities remain in front of the combined company, and I know that we will pursue them as aggressively as possible. You heard Glenn mention a focus on NPV positive projects, and that has been the driver for Gen-Probe as well. So I think our approaches to the management of our R&D spend will be consistent and similar. There may be some opportunities for synergies and as we think about R&D, especially as we look at sample types and how we get sample types approved for our new products, and we'll address those as we come to it. I think on SG&A, the story is probably a little bit different, right? We were pursuing a path as an independent company with very limited presence outside of the United States and Europe, as you know. This transaction gives us access to a very well established network of Hologic's distribution capabilities across the world. I think the number that was mentioned earlier, about 150 countries in operations. That's going to be a huge benefit for us and will of course result in us post the integration, not having to make those incremental investments. We will clearly manage the business up and to the time of closing with a focus on doing everything we need to do to maximize our returns short term. And I can assure you that my management team will be incredibly tightly focused and continuing to do what they've been doing, which is launch the new products successfully. We began that process with a call last evening and that is the central point in all of our employee communications on a go-forward basis.
Carl W. Hull: And to put a finer point on Rob's observation. In China, Gen-Probe now has 2 people. So you can see the immediate opportunity.
Carl W. Hull: Yes, Quin, look, Rob and I have known each other for a long time now, and we have looked for opportunities to work together in the past. I would just tell you that Rob reached out, and we had a discussion -- really that began this spring. So it's come together very rapidly. With respect to other speculation, I can't possibly go there. I can just tell you that we are extremely happy with this transaction, and the board feels that we've delivered a full and fair value to our shareholders. So that's one of the reasons that we're here today.
Carl W. Hull: Well certainly, Nandita. We've been in the molecular lab for now some 25-plus years. Our customer-facing resources, which include the salespeople and the technical support and field service engineers are incredibly well experienced in the molecular laboratory and are able to serve the needs of those customers, we believe, in a fashion that's unequaled in the marketplace today. So we're very pleased to be able to expand their reach as Rob indicated and support their efforts with physician-driven demand.
