Stephen P. MacMillan: Great. Before we take questions, I'd like to summarize by reiterating that while we are encouraged by the improved results we saw in fiscal 2014, we still have a lot of work to do. To that end, we would like to remind every one of our commitments going into fiscal 2015. One, we expect to drive accelerated annual revenue income growth across all of our franchisees. Two, we will continue to invest in our global infrastructure with the main focus on our customer-facing teams, getting the right people in the right roles and improving our R&D productivity. And three, we are committed to paying down debt and generating strong cash flows. In closing, we feel good about the progress to date, feel even better about our future and you can count on us to deliver on our commitments. With that, operator, please open the call up to questions.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Tycho. The simple things in terms of focal points for 2015 are driving the heck out of our U.S. mammo business. And we feel really good about both the way orders finished up for the year and where we ought to be going on that business this year. Really getting our international business, turning that from promise and hope into the early stages of very clear reality. So I think you'll that. And the third one that really goes across all of our businesses, is really just improving our -- I hate to use the term commercial excellence, but it did -- does come down to that in terms of our selling, our marketing, our customer service through the whole gamut. And I think that level of operational excellence is going to be driving that improved growth rate as we go into 2015. In terms of both manufacturing strategy and tax, I think there, you've got to assume that's going to be more a '16 event. We clearly are -- to Bob's point, we're getting hit bigger as on the FX piece, with the dollar strengthening and virtually all of our manufacturing in the U.S. at this stage, it underscores that need to be looking at a more global manufacturing footprint over time. But we're being -- we've had a lot on our plate in the early stages here just to get sales and the basics going again. That will be the area that manufacturing and tax, that will really start to drive in the future years. So I kind of keep thinking about it. Current, call it, '15, '16, as far about short-term execution with what we have and call it, somewhere in the '16 and really '17 and beyond, is realizing more of those longer-term benefits.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, let's take the first part. So the -- basically, this year, we did $20 million of revenue on MRI coils. That's in our base for '14 that will evaporate in '15. So effectively, what you're looking at is the growth rate for next year is depressed by not having that $20 million in the numbers. So said differently, mid-single digit. We're basically -- we're giving up 2 points of growth in the comparison. The additional part in terms of the exceptional orders growth, just, say, they were very, very good when -- certainly, in our 10-K, they'll be out there, but we saw real strong growth, much of which was in the Breast Health area. So it gives us great confidence coming into 2015.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, I think we feel great about where it's going to go. And in '15, it will clearly be accelerating versus the full year of '14. So in '14, as Bob just mentioned, we posted 4% growth. We clearly see that accelerating even with a couple of points of headwind from the divestiture to the MRI coil. So we see it definitely accelerating. Relative to your question about 2D versus the original 2D adoption, probably not quite the same curve. It's a different marketplace today. Capital constraints are different. So you've got -- basically, you've got a stronger installed base and you also have still much greater scrutiny on capital purchases within the hospital environment. So we continue to see this playing out over quarters and quarters. And dare I say, over the coming quarters, really, over the next couple of years, it's part of what makes us feel great about where we're headed here, not just for a 1- or 2-quarter pop, but really a much more sustainable driver over a bunch of quarters coming forward.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I'd say, more than anything, we feel really good about how our HPV business is performing. And I think it's pretty clear that we're growing significantly faster than the market. It's a key franchise for us and we're very focused. Whether we exactly need that label, we're always looking at what is the right labeling and what we need to go forth, but we think between both our existing franchise, we feel like we're in very good shape.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Let me start with the cytology piece. We want to be very careful not to be out in front of declaring a bottom on the interval expansion. I'd say we're getting cautiously optimistic in terms of some of the slowdown in the growth rate. But until we've proven it, if you know anything about kind of myself and Bob's style, it's going to be let us prove things instead of going out and proclaiming them and we'd rather let the aftereffects really speak for themselves. So I think we feel good about that. And on the blood screening business, I think we feel really good about being partnered with Grifols outside the U.S. and certainly, what they're working on as well.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. We, frankly, really like the competitive advantage we still feel we have. So at the end of the day, they got -- as you know, they got a noninferiority claim. Theirs takes longer to administer. And the way they're obviously going to try to play to this, they're a great marketing force, you know that well. They're certainly going to try to bundle and get their GE houses. I think we feel really good about our installed base. We feel good that we're still, certainly in the recent quarter, still getting a number of competitive wins coming over and I think where it goes first is largely to their installed base and that will be still a formidable force for us. But I think we feel really good about the differentiation that we have.
Stephen P. MacMillan: What was that? I'm sorry, there was a question that got partially cut off. We didn't hear all of that question.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. We're more focused in terms of disclosing on Panther placements, which as Bob mentioned, very good, where basically we increased our Panther placements by about 80% in the year. So exiting the year very strong. We're not giving per revenue numbers for the actual instrument.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Doug. On the -- first, on the 3D mammo pricing, we want to be pretty disciplined and feel like we've got the best product on the market. And therefore, don't want to compete on price. So we're not assuming much erosion on the ASP at this point in time. On the virology piece. You're dead right, which is the R&D programs to get these things approved are a lot of money and that's a lot of what we're spending right now without the benefits of what will come. We do hope by the end of calendar year '15, which really gets into our fiscal '16, to be able to have the beginning of launches in Europe. And then to your point, probably at least a year behind that as it relates to the U.S. So right now, we're making the investments in the virology program. The paybacks, which really are at least 12 months out at this point or the beginnings of those paybacks at least.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, just to follow up on that. Some of the guidance that we talked about for the first quarter incorporates some heavier R&D spend because of the timing of those development programs in the viral load area.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, in simple terms, why don't I start it and then Bob can add. The simplest way to think about gross margin in 2015 is we have a heavy U.S. manufacturing base in the decline of the dollar. Clear -- or the strengthening of the dollar clearly puts more pressure on our gross margin piece. The other piece is as we grow our business outside the U.S., we're often doing that through dealers that are in a lower gross margin piece. So we effectively we're going to offset those pressures by really improved manufacturing efficiencies. Bob, did you want to add...
Stephen P. MacMillan: Thanks, Jon. Probably to get to high single digits, I would say probably a few tuck-ins along the way. I do think we're making great progress. We said at the start of the year, the first thing we need to do is slow down the declines of our declining franchises and accelerate growth of those that will grow. And I think we're making good progress there. Ultimately, if we can flatline a few of the declining ones and keep accelerating, can we get into at least mid -- at the high end of mid-single digits? I think organically, probably. To truly turn it into the high single digits may require a few tuck-ins along the way. And again, make no mistake about it, we're not going to go back to the big acquisition stuff, but we will look for prudent acquisitions. The great flip side of the organization right now is, everybody feels, every sales member, feels we've got a great bag to sell right now and that is encouraging.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Right now, I'd say, we're probably overdeveloped in the larger labs and we're starting to look -- frankly, we see those as an opportunity. And probably I think they'll -- there will be some shakeouts, certainly, in that part of the lab space. But it's still a very fragmented universe and we actually still see -- regardless of the pressures they feel, we see some opportunities for us, particularly with the Panther system.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, I think in the U.S, you ought to assume just about everybody would be going to 3D. We do see significant opportunities with our new Head of International, actually for 2D outside the U.S. We still have a lot of hospitals around the world that are still in the analog world and have not converted over to full-field digital mammography. And in a lot of cases, I will tell you, a part of what we're trying to do is sell them 3D tomo and they're still in an analog world. So I think our team is realizing there's probably a great opportunity to stepwise them in and get demand on the 2D side. And then, by the way, have the annuity down the road, we can upgrade them to 3D in the future. So I think the U.S. will be virtually, mostly 3D, but outside the U.S., there will probably some opportunities for 2D.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes. I think the base focal point, candidly, is going to be on our Genius 3D Mammography. We've got such opportunity and such a differentiated product that I don't think we need to reach for other things. And frankly, don't have to do a lot of real marketing or dancing around the edges. I think it's hit them very straight with what we have, Tycho.
Robert W. McMahon: No, I think just quickly regarding the guidance. As we were looking through our numbers in the models, because our manufacturing footprint is predominantly U.S.-based, the exchange rate and the translation of those exchanges hit the top line, but they don’t hit our cost base. And so what you see is that $0.03, which is probably a little greater than what you would look at as our average overall company when you're trying to do the margin. So that's where we get there -- why we got to the numbers that we have. What I would say is when we're looking at our operating margins from a gross margin perspective, we're looking at those relatively consistently flat, so we're going to look at levers to offset those downsides and then also looking at operating expenses and leveraging those, not at the expense of future growth. So we continue to build or forecasting continued investments in our R&D areas and, to a certain extent, our sales and marketing organizations. It's primarily around the back office functions where we're looking to streamline.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes, just to add on to that, Steve. If you looked at our performance on a year-to-date basis in '14 versus where we're projecting '15, it's clearly an acceleration on our Breast Health business. So year-to-date, on an operational basis, approximately 4% we're saying mid-single digits for '15, that included -- that incorporates this $20 million headwind associated with the MRI divestiture. So if we didn't have that, that mid-single digits would be up by another 2 points.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes. So the EPS impact from the MRI divestiture is de minimis. It's really on the top line, where the biggest impact is. So it doesn't affect our guidance one way or another.
Robert W. McMahon: Do we have more plan like that? I think, at this point, we've largely done a lot of a cleanup. And we do realize, it kind of makes the models and it makes things look a little muckier than, particularly, as you look at our true growth rate next year and we haven't wanted to restate everything just given the magnitude of it, but we ask you to be mindful of it.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes, I think to build on that point, Steve, as we think about molecular diagnostics going forward, we foresee continued volume increases, which will sit in the sweet spot of our Panther system. What those labs will have is the same pressures that some of the larger labs have that really our Panther and the benefits of our automation really play into. So we think that over time, we'll be able to take that Panther and go downstream and we think that, that has -- we have a long runway there.
