SteveMacMillan: Sure, Vijay. I think what's great as we've really gotten back to our division led business development strategy. So we've got each division out there, that way they know the adjacencies, the ability to bridge out, I would say if you go forward, we're clearly looking at some ways to broaden our diagnostics platform, both product wise as well as geographically. So that team has been very active on the business development front. In addition, obviously, to all the production capability and everything else, but we're looking across the board, surgicals continues to look at some additional things. And breast health is looking at some things as well. But I think diagnostics is probably more likely to be where we see it. I do think we've kind of set up the rough principle of staying within the constraints of our annual cash flow. And I think that continues to be exactly what we're thinking about, we're looking at some things that might be a little bit bigger than we were looking at pre COVID but nothing beyond certainly beyond the annual cash flow or anything like that.
SteveMacMillan: Vijay, glad you picked up on that, which is we believe this asymptomatic approval is an enormous win for us over the long haul. And let's face it with what the world has gone through here, even post vaccine, there is going to be probably some pretty strong ongoing needs by governments around the world, who want to monitor their health -- their populations, and just track on an ongoing basis, just to see relative incidence or any kind of recurrences. And frankly, it's the asymptomatic people who are the key there. And that's the on label indication; it's hard for us to probably fully underscore how strong we think the demand will be for that for years to come. Yes, and you still play out the timing of vaccines, by the way, let alone mutations and other things. We believe and we've been in close contact with most of the major governments around the world, all of the key labs, the health experts, we believe an ongoing screening program, where you're going to want to use the most sensitive tools out there, including, frankly, hospitals are going to want to continue to test patients coming in, what is the best way everybody is going to go in for a hip and knee, cardiac any other procedure, we think, at least for the next couple of years, is probably going to be tested. And again, with our global installed base now in excess of 2200 and continuing to grow on Panthers. We think this is going to be a big, big, enduring market for us, is it going to be exactly what it is today? Yes, likely not. But there's going to we believe, and we've made the bet that there's a longer tail. if you look, by the way, just one other data point, the contract we got from the US government last week, if you look at it, they're asking for us to be providing 13 million tests per quarter, by per month, really six quarters from now by the first quarter of 2022. So again, governments are increasingly planning to want to have major capacity well beyond even just this coming, cold and flu season.
SteveMacMillan: I think Tycho just set a world record for the one follow up, that was three or four. So let me make sure I try to get all of those Tycho. On the pooling, we think eventually that will start to kick in. And again, if you look at the way we're poised and because of the extreme sensitivity of our task, we feel like we're poised no matter where this goes. And by being able to offer to customers if it ends up going into a pooling world, we are there for them. And certainly, years in the future, we wouldn't be at all surprised if there's still some level of ongoing testing that probably would use pooling, certainly more I don't -- we don't see much interest, frankly, and given the still that the very high incidences don't see that, being as much right now. What were the other parts of the --
SteveMacMillan: Yes, thank you. On the government contract side, I think this largely covers the bulk of the expansion that we had both planned and then did encourage us to even go that much higher on, where we're going, we are getting to that $75 million a quarter number.
SteveMacMillan: Yes, I think the way to probably think about capacity is it's not a steady linear. It comes as pieces of equipment, and suppliers can come in. So I, we were able to get a few that we had a bunch of stuff ordered early in the year, a number that came through now it's sort of making the investments for the future, Patrick, that for example, this quarter, next quarter, not much additional capacity coming online, including things like multi tube units and pipette tips and all the ancillary consumables, where we are giving additional investment to our suppliers to put in new machines, but they've got to now order those machines. So we're sort of in the next wave of placing the orders where they won't be coming online for another six or nine months-ish. And, therefore, it's much more incremental here in the immediate quarter. But we are continuing to position ourselves for further out. Hopefully, that helps. But it kind of goes up in sort of straight lines, it's more of a stair step, I guess, than a linear progression.
SteveMacMillan: Yes, I think the great part when you think about our breast health business today is we probably think about it as three chunks, you got the capital of the core mammography, we've got the service piece, which has become so much bigger, and then a much bigger disposable business, that Pete and the team really have built out so it's instead of a one legged pony of gantries, and then it's also much more international. So if I play it out overall service is holding up pretty well. The disposable businesses including the Provera launch now looking good. Frankly, a lot of the European countries didn't dip down quite as much initially, we don't have as much service business over there, but we've got those businesses. So then you come back to the core capital piece. And I think our teams, particularly the US are feeling fairly encouraged. And even frankly, around the world, we're getting, even into some new countries, we've had reached out to us recently, I mean there, so I'll go there, and then come back, the fascinating part is, the more we're having discussions about COVID revenue with a lot of countries around the world, they're becoming much more aware of Hologic overall. And so we've actually been selling some gantries into some countries. So it's going to help the breast health business over time, this and that, back to the piece in the US, I think our teams are cautiously optimistic that they feel like they're back having good discussions, our order patterns are getting a little healthier. And so I think we're still suggesting we'll be down a bit this quarter, but probably down less this quarter than we were just in that they called 16 percentage down this past quarter. So I think overall, and as we look to 2021, we're probably anticipating each quarter just gets gradually better. As hospitals and particularly the focus on women's health, it's not lost to us by the way, and we're kind of encouraged that the new senate and house will have more women than they've ever had. And what's been fascinating through the course of this year too, we've got to know a lot more of the governors, Kevin Thornal, on a first name basis; we're probably half the governors in this country, and everybody else. So we've got relationships that will continue to, I think, help us even on women's health issues and wanting to make sure people are getting back to mammography screenings and cervical cancer screenings.
SteveMacMillan: Yes, I know, our fiscal year always kind of gets a little scary there, Dan, we are doing everything we can to make sure that we do produce all of our women's health as all of our core assay, there were, a couple of weeks here or there were just components, because it's a shared supply chain that we ran into a couple of back orders on certain products. But overall, right now, our guiding philosophy through all of this is we take care of our core business, and then we add COVID on top.  So I think we feel pretty good with the 50-ish million that we're at right now that we can deliver. Certainly, if you figure we were in the 20 million to 21 million, a quarter of non COVID stuff back two or three quarters ago, we can handle some growth on that core, and then still have that 25-ish million of COVID volume to do. So I think we're assuming this quarter is just marginally above what we did this last quarter on molecular.
SteveMacMillan: Sure. Great point, Dan. We have the ongoing debate about being more methodical versus opportunistic. And we probably end up a little bit in between, I think, with the cash we're going to be generating our first priority is still going to be judicious acquisitions. But I think with the cash we're generating, and as we continue to look at our own stock, having confidence that acquiring a company that we know a lot about i.e. ourselves is also not a bad deal. So it'll probably be a bit of both methodical and opportunistic going forward.
SteveMacMillan: Chris, you have just answered your own question, I think, probably somewhere between the typical 250 and the 500. I don't know that we'd get full 500 just given, that was a massive influx of orders, but I think it will be well north of the 250. So not totally sure. But I'd probably feel comfortable splitting the difference. At this point, probably in that north of a 350-ish number, probably call it a 350 to 400 is probably a reasonable place to be. And I would say if demand continues to persist. Then it might be able to go a little bit north of that. But, even with where we are, if we do another 350 to 400 this year that will have been almost a 50% increase in two years of our entire global install base. And I do think that's the big part that is not fully appreciated.
SteveMacMillan: Well, I think as we see, we've got a great commercial presence certainly in the labs and in the in the hospitals around the world. So I think obviously continue to add menu and continue to add Panthers is great. But ultimately I think what we're starting to look at is, hey, look, we can build a stronger diagnostics platform that may have some other technologies. And I don't want to get much more specific, because that could lead to speculation or specifics. But I think with Kevin Thornal, who has a nice business development background from his Stryker days, now leading the diagnostics division, and it's been amazing what he has done, obviously, just from an operational standpoint, what you wouldn't see is he's also been very busy on the business development front as well. And we've actually walked away from some deals based on valuation even over the last few months, since he's been here, so he's completely changed the flow of ideas that's coming forth to us. And therefore, I think we'll probably make some things happen. But if we're going to remain disciplined, we're not going to get silly just because we have more money flowing in.
SteveMacMillan: Sure, we're continuing to be in very close touch with our customers and everything else. And obviously, we expect to be launching in this quarter of the combo test. I think that the much bigger concern right now continues to be COVID itself. And when you look certainly at the southern hemisphere, where there's been very little flu season, if you think about all the mitigation measures in the US of social distancing, and mask wearing and everything else, I think there are a lot of experts that will think we may have a very mild flu season. And the most important thing, frankly, right now that the bigger concern continues to be flu, I'm sorry, I continued to be COVID. But I think we'll see bits of both and we're basically preparing in our supply chain to be able to toggle as to whichever our customers will want. But there's, it's funny, as we've just been out caucusing them. There's still been a relentless focus really on just the COVID assay at this point in time.
SteveMacMillan: Sure, I think we're seeing relatively very stable pricing actually globally, right now on COVID. And certainly the combo would be likely priced higher. And I don't want to get into specifics depending on reimbursement or everything else. But at this point in time, pricing has remained very steady. I think that we'll continue to track a little bit whatever happens to reimbursement in the future. And this and that, I think over the long run, we will be wise, we certainly plan that there will be some degradation in pricing over time, but feel very good about the nearer term of how it's holding up. We also and you were on top of it, but the reimbursement change that came down in the US recently of lowering, that the base price from $100, down to $75. But providing the $25 up charge, if the patient can get the results returned within 48 hours is very beneficial to us, given our footprint of around the country. So I think again our ability to help labs and help hospitals, return the results quickly plays to our strengths as well.
SteveMacMillan: Yes, I think it's hard to believe that it wouldn't be neutral to positive and more likely, potentially more testing. So I think the bigger, the bigger risk would have been Republicans maybe wanting to cut back. So I think, but I also think there's such an inexorable force of the consumer. And, frankly, state and local governments and companies and everybody that will also continue to drive this, but I would consider Biden to be a net positive for us.
SteveMacMillan: Yes, I think, Raj, as you well know it was kind of increasing in a high single digit, almost double digit rate per Panther. Exactly what where it will be, will be so dependent a year from now as to how much COVID testing, what's the COVID pricing? But, clearly, it just continues to go up. And with our broader menu, 16 approved tests, and actually now with the two additional COVID ones, were at 18, just more and more to be able to put through, I probably don't want to, it'd be premature to spec -- to try to give you an absolute number as to where that will be. But I think we just feel great that there'll be more volumes of more tests and more Panthers. And so collectively just driving higher.
SteveMacMillan: Yes, great question, Raj. We are really, we've got an incredible group of scientists in this company that and from the very outset, myself, Kevin, you kind of challenge different ways of thinking and looking at all of these different things. And we are staying very close to our core of really having the best products. When you think about what we do in 3D mammography, what we have with NovaSure, MyoSure, what we've always had in our molecular portfolio, really wanting to make sure that we have the best products with the best of labels. And, candidly, there's a lot of point of care stuff right now that I would say is being used off label, particularly being used for screening when it's not supposed to be and over time I think right now, there's a little bit of a wild west component where people are just, making money selling tests, getting them out there and saying, hey, run a bunch, whether they're accurate or not, if you test enough, it'll work. I think over time, the cream always rises to the top. And there will like in any market, things will settle out. And I think as things settle out, the superior products with the best labels, testing the right people in the right way at the right time will prevail. And I think we feel really good about that. We've looked at, we've had you can imagine through distribution agreements, we've had a lot of opportunities to frankly even drive more short term revenue by offering other products through our incredible sales channels. And really, you're staying away from it, because we want to make sure that we don't do anything to dilute our long term brand equity and want to stay really close to the science. So thank you for asking that.
MikeWatts: Yes, sure Tycho. So operating margins, obviously, were very strong in the quarter, based on the COVID revenue and just higher revenue overall, we did guide for revenue to be a little bit higher sequentially in Q1 versus Q4, margins gross and operating should be about the same maybe a little bit better, based on the higher revenue. So we should be looking at another, strong quarter of EPS in Q1, I think that corresponds to the guidance we gave at the bottom line, which was a little bit ahead. I think we guided to $2.10 to $2.25, for EPS, so that should all be pretty consistent.  Certainly I would be cautious about kind of taking that level and just analyzing it. I think that, as Steve said, we feel very strongly that we're going to get very healthy demand, at least through the March quarter, right? As flu kind of hopefully goes away around that time. I think from that point forward, you're likely to see overall COVID revenue start to decline on a sequential basis, but I think it's going to be pretty gradual. Steve talked about some of the drivers of long term demand. So I think that maybe we peak in our March quarter, maybe we peak in the June quarter, but things will likely decline on a sequential basis from there, and that will have an effect on EPS as well.
MikeWatts: And I think Tycho the last question was related to diagnostics volumes, non COVID. And I think they're, we were encouraged in the quarter, by growth in the base, HPV had a good quarter, trichomonas had a good quarter, continue to get good traction with our HIV viral load product, particularly in Africa, doing a good job there, I think we called out in our script, a lot of good interest around our vaginosis panel, which is CV/TV, which has contributed to the growth as well. So it was nice to see even if you back out all the COVID stuff, which obviously was huge. The underlying business grows as well in the quarter. 
MikeWatts: Yes, Brian, it's Mike. I mean, I think if you look at our sales performance, the answer would be no. Clearly, PCR is a little bit like to become a little bit of a term like Kleenex or something to be synonymous with paper tissues and such. And that's fine. Obviously, we use a different technology that's been competing against PCR for decades it's called TMA. And it really hasn't had an effect. I mean, look at the uptake of the products and TMA has been used, has been leading the Chlamydia gonorrhea market for decades, HPV, et cetera. I think the specific issue that came up was related to travel between the states and what would qualify for a test or whatever, but I think that's fairly inconsequential. I think we'll get that stuff resolved.
MikeWatts: Yes, maybe to add to that, Raj, just for a second, I mean, to put a fine point on. We mentioned in the script, this concept of TORs, which is one thing that we look at a lot internally, we signed in this past year, TORs representing more than $35 million of year one revenue. To give you a sense, I mean, that's more than 50%, more than we've ever done in a year before. And in addition to that, there's another 35 million of TORs kind of waiting in the wings, for when we have capacity on the Panthers as well as, product availability. So a lot of good excitement around some of our new tests in particular, and I think that's going to contribute to continued steady growth in that pull through.
