Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Great, Isaac. And by the way, just to make sure that we didn't mix up things, the international Breast Health business grew at about mid single-digit rate. The overall international business grew at double-digit. So, I just want to make sure and clarify that. I think in the U.S., I think the simplest way to think about what we're seeing in the U.S. at this point is we've largely gotten all the big hospitals and the big institutions. And so where in the past, the orders, we're getting 5 gantries, 8 gantries, 6 gantries, 10 gantries, we're now kind of moving into that second half, but we're about halfway through our customer base where we're moving out into the community hospitals and it's much more onesies and twosies. And probably, candidly, among audiences and customers that are a little more price, sensitive, that might have gotten in later in the curve last time. And they may be slightly more spooked, I would say, just ever so gently, around what is the moving state of healthcare reform. So, I think in our key big hospitals, everything else, I think we're not seeing any real changes in capital. I think with some of the smaller hospitals, they're probably just being a little more cautious. So, I'd say nothing that we're overly concerned about by any stretch, but I do think we're kind of at that point in the curve where it's getting a little slower and a little harder to keep going and getting much more. So, I think it's why that business, as we've signaled really for quite some time, moving into a lower growth mindset, which is why we are very encouraged with the uptake outside the U.S. And at the end of the day, we're still less than 50% penetrated. So, we still have years' worth of gantries to convert over, it's just going to be in probably smaller orders.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I think, simply put, it's a – first off, getting their sales team back to 100%, and then we are increasingly working with our surgical sales team, and they're going to be working actually as lead generators, particularly the first program we're working on is lead generation for MonaLisa Touch because we believe our OB/GYN sales force has a tremendous number of customers that should be very good customers for MonaLisa Touch. So, I think that will be one of the very first areas. The other piece is I can tell you we're going to inject a little more into the direct-to-patient marketing and generally the marketing area. So, I think the way we look at it overall is they've got unbelievable products and we can probably help on a little bit of the sales generation lead and help on the marketing fronts. I think the other piece that I think we're starting to see is our strong relationships, not only with customers but with the professional organizations, is giving them new access that Cynosure on its own didn't have. And while that – it's hard to model in a spreadsheet, that does provide us with optionality going forward, and I think that gives us doors that are opening that weren't otherwise opened as a standalone organization for Cynosure.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes. I think – we don't want to get into too much specific detail down to the specific assays, but I think overall what we're seeing is we're getting more docs to order a fuller menu of tests. They can be complementary while they're in there in the U.S., and I think that's what's really helping us drive growth from already very strong market shares. International, I think the virals are helping, but I frankly wouldn't overplay that. I think it's more driven by we're really getting Panther's placed and if you recall, we put a new leader in of our diagnostic sales organization in Europe back in the summer of 2015 and he spent a lot of the back half of 2015 and really into early 2016 rebuilding the team there, and I think that team has really started to hit its stride on both the women's health assays and virals as well. But I think it's more a Panther-driven story than truly a viral load-driven story at this point.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. In simple terms, like, I think the best way is to paint a picture for you and you guys know it's to be as straightforward as you can be. You recall there was a leak that they were being potentially shopped. They then had their national sales meeting, probably at the worst time humanly possible, which was about two weeks after that leak, and Mike Davin, who has been the incredible leader and continued with us. Mike was – been with that business for 13 years, 14 years. He couldn't even go to the sales meeting because of the process. So, he had to Skype into the sales meeting. So, you put a sales organization together in a room, their long-time leader is not there and he's answering questions on Skype, but by the way, he couldn't even really be as honest with them because, as we all know, in that time period you can't discuss. And I think the sales team sensed that, and we lost some good people in that realm. So, there were a few people that were, I think, on the fence, and lost them. We're completely rebuilding those. It reminded me, we've lost a ton of people right before we came to Hologic, and obviously Mike's built a good commercial team over time. We know how to do that. Having said that, the other piece I would tell you is it delayed some people that offers were out to. Who is going to join a company when you don't know exactly where it stands. So, there were some territories that were open for a while. They've now all been filled, but I think we're not yet necessarily assuming they're going to be back to 100% strength this quarter. I think, by the time we enter our fiscal 2018, we ought to be in great shape, but the next quarter or two it will be nothing like it was last quarter. We'll be making incremental progress this quarter as the guidance implies, and then I think a better quarter from there, and six months from now, I think, completely behind us.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Raj. I think probably the best way to describe the quarter, and you could see a little bit from the MQSA stuff, while the competitors were out there, they probably had, we would say, more of a slight delaying tactic in any time you have new competitors enter. It gives a hospital that might be on the verge of purchasing a reason to kind of delay and take a peek, and we basically had Fuji, as you well know. The other piece is GE launched their new product called Pristina, which is yet another version of 3D that is still no better than their 2D. And at the end of the day, we don't see having a huge impact, but it may have pushed a few things out. We're still best-in-class. We're holding our pricing. We have seen our competitors being very aggressive on pricing. And frankly, we could probably move a few more gantries if we went down, but we've worked really hard over the last three plus years to maintain pricing discipline which, when you have the best-in-class product, we want to do. So, I think that combined with growing insurance coverage, we continue to feel very good about where the market will go over time, but I think the big – the huge ramp-ups, I think, are behind us.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Nothing that we dramatically see. To be honest, I think the – you think about back to the 2D curve when the DMIST study came out, that really popped it. That came out earlier in the lifecycle. I think, at this point, we've already had the JAMA study. But I think we feel very good about much more steady progress as the covered lives continue to come on as more and more consumers become aware of the 3D. I think we just feel really good about the steady cadence.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes. We're not going to get into the exact numbers on the sales force turnover. It was reasonably significant. Nothing that we hadn't seen with, frankly, the quarter or two before I arrived in Hologic. And overall, I think we feel very good about the underlying trend. The sales force is very much settled down. And obviously, as we look to the guidance for this quarter, we've – it's a very different number than what they had last quarter. And I think we feel very good about our ability to be back on track.
Stephen P. MacMillan: And I'd tell you, Tycho, we feel better about the mid and longer-term projection for this business today than the day we bought it. But that's short-term disruption, and it's easily the stuff we know how to deal with.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. That business is going against such incredible comps. As you know, we're going against nine straight quarters of double-digit growth for the overall Surgical business. NovaSure itself came up. I would assume it's going to be flattish to slight growth at this point, and we'll actually be shooting for better than that. But as things have settled down, I think hopefully the NovaSure ADVANCED will get it re-growing, but I think pretty modest growth at this point.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Especially when you look at our mix overall, three years ago today, just of our businesses, molecular quietly has snuck up to become really our single largest product franchise. MyoSure has gone from this little brand to a real major contributor. And by definition, our Surgical business has become a much bigger contributor. So, you've got a lot of these mixes here that continue to shift, and I think just keep making us stronger.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, Jon. There's some very good work and additional things that we didn't highlight here today that make us feel really good, and skin tightening being one of those. We want to get our full hands around the complete timing of those, but everything is looking good there.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Thanks, Jon. I think I'm always leery to be forecasting 20% on top of 20%. Having said that, I think, do we think our international molecular business can at least be a double-digit grower for quite some time. And by the way, we still feel pretty good about the U.S. I don't think we're ready to declare our global molecular business to be a double-digit grower. But I think we feel really good that it's certainly accretive. It's becoming our largest product franchise and it's accretive to our total growth rate. So, we'll see with a few more quarters shaking out, but I think we continue to feel very good about where that is going.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I think the real driver internationally has just been Panther in the existing assays, more than the hoping of the Fusion. I think Fusion will be a very nice addition on top of it. I have a few customers. It certainly helps, as we are selling in Panther, for them to understand where we are going overall as a company and it's probably helped a little, but I don't think it's had a huge impact.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Bill. I think the very initial piece with the MonaLisa Touch, we're just in the early innings of having put together the plans for that and really just going to be rolling out to the sales force in the coming weeks. So, I think that's less going to have an impact say this quarter; probably start to have a modest impact next year. But I think will really be a very nice addition as we go into 2018. And as we remind everybody, we didn't buy Cynosure for 2017, felt really good about our core business and where we're going. We very much bought it for the next decade, and I think that's where we're being thoughtful as we're putting together these programs, even as we – it's as simple as we want to get our GYN/SURG reps to refer their physicians over, but we also want to make sure they don't take their eye off their ball and forget about NovaSure and MyoSure. So we've spent some time with the two selling organizations, coming up with the right incentive scheme so we don't do the old pendulum swing from one to the other. And then I think, assuming good success with MonaLisa Touch on the referrals, there is going to clearly be other opportunities to do more there with other products, I would think.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes. First off, we're not going to get into month-on-month, Vijay, as you can probably appreciate. We may start to go weekly data. But I think here is the simple piece. Once the deal closed on March 22, we're able to start to get in there, and I'd say morale is in a very different place early May than it was early March. So, we're in a very different place. They really lost people in late – lost a number of reps, frankly, in late January, early February, and then we've been replacing those and rebuilding. So, again, I think we feel it's very unfortunate, but I wouldn't at all expect that to be a trend. We very much think of it as a blip. And as evidenced by our guidance already for what we have for this quarter, next quarter, we feel like we'll be back on track. We won't be knocking the cover off the ball the way we would like to, say, this quarter, but I think another quarter or two we're absolutely going to be there.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes. There is certainly an element of that, David, I think. But I think, now with them closed, us closed, it's back to stuff we know really well, which is building great sales teams around great products. So, I think there was certainly – there was a lot of chatter and noise and it's – that's what I want to say, and you get it. That clearly had an impact on sales psyche. That's now all behind us, and we feel very good about our abilities to go forward.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes. First one, I don't think the submental is a significant change. It maybe has been communicated, but I think we're very hopeful that that program would be on, I think as we said, later this year. I think we did say our beginning of fiscal 2018, remember that is the end of calendar 2017 for us. So, we're feeling pretty good about where that's going. And on the MonaLisa, owning would be nice, but I think we feel very good about the overall relationship there and the contractual state that we're in with El.En.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, I think we lost them to competitors, Brian. I think it's – we had a bunch of reps that weren't showing when you have reps leave and you're in a very customer and sales intensive business, but many of those sales will still be there. It will be later in the year.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. The impact is fairly de minimis in terms of overall revenue and profits, but strategically it's going to give us a very nice shot in the arm. And I think one of the reasons we started there, they were our single biggest distributor in Europe. So, we like them and we were able to do a deal there. They were largely a Hologic dealer. Some of our other countries, we deal with dealers where we may be a minority part of their business, and a lot of complexity. So, we would hope to be able to do more in the years ahead, but they were clearly the one probably we coveted the most. And I think they have a direct presence, particularly in Germany. It's a really nice place to be.
Stephen P. MacMillan: We think that's going to be the ongoing growth rate. We feel great about that business. It's just going to take us probably a couple of quarters to get back to it. I think about it this way. When you look at where our Surgical business was a few years ago, nobody ever would have guessed we could generate nine straight quarters of double-digit growth. I think, our prospects, as we look at the Cynosure business and the underlying market and the products we have, I think, we feel great about our ability to generate great growth. This was just – it was an unusual year when you have a small company that's very dependent on its leader and its leader is very distracted in a quarter, and it's publicly being all the rumors out there that they're being taken over and this and that. It was a goofy period, but it's totally a blip. It's not an ongoing thing.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes. We're not going to break out what percentage of revenue came from non-cores, but we continue to believe non-cores are a huge, huge opportunity. That's what – when Mike Davin and I first sat down and talked, actually last year, that was so evident to me as to where they were thinking about going with so much of the non-core business. And you think about – and you saw it, I think, in your research between both OB/GYNs as well as, frankly, even broader GPs, people starting to look for additional ways to make money and take care of women and women's health. We think that there is so much opportunity. It's why we're probably more excited today. To a minor blip in the quarter, big deal, we're going to be past that. We just love the fundamentals of the market, the under-penetration of the docs, and we see great interest from a number of the non-cores going forward.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes. Hey, Isaac. This is Bob. Yes, to be clear, there really was no pricing impact that impacted our gross margin at all. In fact, we feel very good about our pricing across all of the divisions. It really is a combination of the blood screening divestiture, and actually the over-performance of the blood screening was actually at a fairly low margin, as we have talked about as part of the contractual commitment. So, that impacted us negatively. We did have some effects in there, a little greater than what we had expected, and then there is some product mix issues as well, but nothing materially different than what we had expected.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes. I don't think we're going to get into that level of detail. I mean, I think, we have – we kind of identified that early on. I think our performance on our molecular business has exceeded our expectations to date, and we expect that to continue to be very strong. Our Surgical business, as we had talked about, had a stronger performance in the first half of the year than the second half of the year, but we're not going to get into giving segment guidance.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes. I would agree, Steve, and maybe provide a little more color commentary on the U.S. If you look across all of the three main assays, we believe that we gained share in the quarter, very robust shares already. So, very strong growth not only in trich, but HPV and CTGC as well.
Robert W. McMahon: And I think, Steve, to add to that, I mean in terms of share of new placements of Tomo, we are actually still gaining more than our share of the installed base. And with that, actually our ASPs are up slightly year-over-year.
Robert W. McMahon: So, I think the team has done a fantastic job of continuing to roll out the adoption of our 3D, talking to the clinical and technical narrative and value of that, and I think it shows in the market, in the competitive position that we have.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes. And I think, to build on that, Steve, to your point, we've been shipping in that 300-ish range really since the third quarter of fiscal 2015. And what I would encourage folks to think about is really an evolving story of our Breast Health business. As that installed base continues to grow, our service business is actually becoming a big growth driver there. And so, over the last two, three, four quarters, that business has been over $100 million. This last quarter, it grew double digits, really as that installed base continues to grow. And then we have the new products, the Affirm prone biopsy system. Our interventional business, albeit a small part of the business, also performed well in the quarter. And so, I think it is an important component, but not the only component of our Breast Health business.
Robert W. McMahon: I think the other thing, Tycho, is there is some seasonality in the business that the – our fiscal second quarter is typically one of the lighter ones for Cynosure. And the third quarter, the fiscal third quarter, is typically strongest. Their strongest is the calendar fourth quarter, which is now our fiscal first quarter. But you do see some natural ramp-up in the third quarter relative to the second quarter as well. So, they're not all equally distributed.
Robert W. McMahon: And I think, as we think about our Surgical business, the MyoSure product line continues to exceed our expectations.
Robert W. McMahon: It continues to grow at very strong double-digit growth. And it's becoming almost as big as our NovaSure business on a global basis. So, that's something to consider as well as we think about the overall Surgical business.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes. I guess, on the core business, Vijay, the way to think about the base business is still that mid single-digit growth rate on the revenue side and low single-digit growth on the EPS side, with that $0.48 to $0.50. There's really no contribution of blood in Q3 from an EPS perspective, and a minor contribution from Cynosure. So, that's the way you should think about it.
