Mike Watts: Thank you, Allen. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us for Hologic's first quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. With me today are Steve MacMillan, the company’s Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Karleen Oberton, our Chief Financial Officer. Steve and Karleen both have some prepared remarks then we'll have a question-and-answer session. Our first quarter press release is available now on the Investors section of our website. We will also post our prepared remarks to our website shortly after we deliver them. Finally, a replay of this call will be archived through February 22nd. Before we begin, I'd like to inform you that certain statements we make during this call will be forward-looking. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such factors include those referenced in the Safe Harbor statement that's included in our earnings release and in our filings with the SEC. Also during this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Finally, any percentage changes that we discuss will be on a year-over-year basis, and revenue growth rates will be expressed in constant currency, unless otherwise noted. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Steve MacMillan, Hologic's CEO.
Mike Watts: Yes, hey Brian on new -- it's Mike. On new products, I don't have a specific number in front of me. We did say at the JPMorgan Conference that that total more than tripled in 2018 versus 2017. Certainly Q1 continued those trends. I would say some of the bigger products would obviously be 3Dimensions and 3D Performance in our Breast Health business. We've been very successful with the Affirm prone table and Brevera. In the Diagnostics business, we're seeing really good uptake from the viral load assays as well. So, those are probably the main ones.
Mike Watts: Yeah. The other stuff below the line, Isaac was about the same really not much change in other income expense. It's mainly that FX piece.
Karleen Oberton: Hey, Brian, it's Karleen. Let me give that a shot. So yes, so in the quarter margins came in a little over 62%, which was a little bit below that plan. And one of the pieces of that was the FX headwinds, which is about 50 basis point hit to the margins on the quarter. I would also say that in the quarter the shortfall in the domestic Medical Aesthetics sales contributed to that. But as we think about gross margins longer term, yeah, we're trying to think that they would trend up from where they are now. I think there's a couple of things that we think about would drive that. We continually evaluate opportunities for efficiencies both on supply chain and our manufacturing network as we pursue some of the tuck-in M&A strategies. We like to look for those products that would have accretive gross margins. As an example, Focal of the BioZorb product is very accretive to our overall consolidated gross margins. And then international while there is a disconnect in the margins between the U.S., we think there is opportunity as that business grows to create more leverage there.
Karleen Oberton: Yes sure. It's Karleen. So main reason for that trend is Brevera. I think we've talked about some of the supply constraints that we have on the disposals related to that capital equipment. So, we've intentionally held back sales on the capital side because what we don't want is to sell the capital to customers and then not be able to supply the needle that goes with it for the procedures. So, don't want to have frustrated customers in the field. As we think about that, we do believe that supply should improve as the year goes on and then we should see improving trends for that subdivision.
Karleen Oberton: No, no. I don't think there's anything below the line. I think FX is incremental headwind on the bottom line as well, that we factored in here. So I think it's just early, early out of the gate here and don't want to get ahead of ourselves.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, I was just going to answer the question with regards to perinatal and the ordering pats. So this Tycho' goes back to the recall that we had. So what happened is we had products become available again in Q1 of 2018. We had an acceleration of restocking of the product as well. We had a reversal of the reserve that we had taken in the previous period.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So, I would say that on the FX piece that was probably a couple of pennies that drops to the bottom line kind of a headwind that we didn't have from the original guidance.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, Jack. Jack, there was minimal impact in the quarter. I think the only – moving forward our business model aren't – there's no real meaningful change to our revenue recognition under our business model under the new rules. The only impact that we had was on adoption related to deferred revenues to the order of I think it was about $6 million to $8 million that was on our balance sheet that we really had no performance obligation, which is essentially written-off to retained earnings in the adoption, but other than that really no impact.
Bill Quirk: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. And I can fasten on Tyler's share with Brian is complaining about, it's pretty balmy where I'm sitting.
Bill Quirk: Might be negative 35 at the windshield, but who is complaining. Steve if we -- Steve or Karleen, if we back out the Faxitron deal, looks like Interventional was fairly flat. I was hoping you could add some additional color about that particular business line and how we should be thinking about that trend over the balance of the year.
Bill Quirk: Perfect. Thanks Karleen. And then secondly guys wanted to ask a little bit about the Mycoplasma genitalium assay that was just approved. I mean it seems like a pretty natural extension of the reproductive health diagnostics offering that you have. Can you help us think about market size and how we should think about this filtering into the Diagnostics business? I recognize that it's probably not as large of a market as say HPV or Chlamydia, gonorrhea. But just help us give a few items to think about to frame it up.
Steve MacMillan: Sure Bill. And this has been a really great one for our team because believe it or not we started looking at this back in the early 2000s when we started to realize that just the existing assays didn't seem to capture everything in terms of cervicitis and some of the other things. And our team has been quietly working on this one for quite some time. And I think it's going to be probably a lot more like our Trich assays. These kind of things that, any given quarter here you're not going to see a huge amount it's going to be getting off. But we've already been in talk with some of the payers. We think it will emerge to be a very significant assay, call it, in the three to five-year horizon. But certainly over the beginning times, here like most of our assays, very small out of the gates as we build the support and the awareness. But it's another one of these where we do think our TMA technology puts us in a unique position to have more sensitive and specific assay in this space. So limited expectations for this year, but it's going to one that is again in 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 we'll look back and say, this has turned out to be a really nice addition to our portfolio.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Vijay. I think, let's say, it was a really nice quarter. We also had a softer comp. Yeah. I think the comps get stronger as the year goes on. The other piece, just if you look at the global economic environment right now, we want to be careful. It was a great quarter, an awesome quarter. We want to be careful not to get too far out of our ski tips here, not knowing where things are going. But I will tell you, we feel really, really good about the underlying trends. We're hearing good things from our customers and we'll see where we go. But we're just one quarter into the year.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Tycho, on the first part, within the body contouring category, we've been relatively constant on holding our pricing. It was a tougher quarter. I think what we've clearly learned and it's going to affect our R&D and licensing strategies here as we go forward is in any given quarter often times the docs had a little bit of amount of money that they're going to spend for new equipment. And if you got kind of the shiny new toy you may go that way. And there's been a product or two from some of the private companies that have done pretty well in the short term. You get a little bit hot in the quarter and that clearly affects things. I think as it relates to Vitalia going forward, we've been back in discussions obviously the last five weeks. There wasn't a lot of discussion going on with the FDA. But we feel like we have a pathway forward. It's going to be a couple of years, pragmatically before we really have the data on both that and MonaLisa to strengthen the data and claims. So that's where we're just imagining expectations in that women's health piece of the business for the next number of quarters. But still very bullish about the longer-term outlook. But it's clearly kicked it out a couple of years past what we had hoped and expected.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Isaac. I think the biggest piece is we've been fragmenting the market. Everybody's been looking for what was going to be the next big whether it's 2D, 3D, or “4D”. And what we've been saying all along is we're turning this into understanding the market, bringing new innovations. We brought 3Dimensions at the higher end. We brought 3D Performance at the lower end. And we've, obviously, still got a firm prone, the biopsy system. We've got all of these products. And then increasingly we did reference about 200 bps of growth of now really starting to sell upgrades in terms of the Clarity HD, the SmartCurve panel things to already our 3D base that are out there. And I think that's the exciting part now that we have both continued innovations on the core mammography 3D systems, but also starting to mine the base that's already out there. We've watched the SmartCurve panel and again we've got over what 5,000 6,000 – well over 5,000 about 6,000 installed base out there. And we have more business coming through. We've also got the service revenue coming through as well. So it's that shift from just a boom bust launch one new product once a decade and ride it up and then ride it down to a steady stream of innovation, customer segmentation understanding, which customers want which, and the ability to go mine even the existing 3D bases to start to bring more upgrades along the way.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. You can imagine we've got lots of great additional things in our pipeline. We've always -- we've been the innovator in this space, certainly over the last decade. We continue to innovate on both claims and products and it's a huge reason why we are by far the leader in the 3D space and in the mammography space in the U. S. and why we have significantly gained the market share over the last five years. So, having said that, we've still got a bunch of our existing 2D base to convert to 3D, and what we've been trying to tell you along is, there'll be more innovations. It may not be quiet the impact in the future because of the fragmenting customer base and just because of the way we have filled up the customers and going back and mining the existing base instead of waiting until the next big thing coming. And our goal that we've said all along been in the company now for 20, 21 quarters, we said, we wanted to build a very sustainable growth business in Breast Health. That's exactly where we've been. So we're far more focused on doing that and believe that our innovation engine is much more geared for that going forward than for just a big one-hit wonder. But we do have some very cool things still in the pipeline.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think the fascinating part is given the lifecycles of some of the products in the aesthetics space, we think there's a lot more opportunities frankly to have a balanced approach of both organic and inorganic innovation. And the inorganic to a large degree doesn't even have to be acquisition as much as it can be in-license, like we did with Nitronox. And we're in discussions with a lot of other companies. And when we've certainly seen some of the private competitors in this space, it's not necessarily needing to acquire. You can actually license, write it for a few years and the lifecycles are clearly different than rest of our businesses. So in some cases frankly licensing is a better way to go probably than acquisition.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Dan. I think there's a lot of runway ahead. If you think about it, we launched our first 3D systems in the United States almost eight years ago now. And in the meantime we've come up with better detectors. We've come up with particularly better software packages and then things like the SmartCurve paddle that also come with different algorithms and different software packages. So the ability to go back now as we think about the future it's not just converting our 2D to 3D. It's now looking at all of our existing 3D systems, many of whom were bought by early adopters and thought-leading institutions. So want to make sure they are staying on the cusp of state-of-the-art. And as we've come up with frankly better CAD packages, better packages software to be able to drive, there's a lot of opportunity there. And we do think that'll be a meaningful way. If you look at our SmartCurve paddle that's probably not even – it's just in a small percentage at this point of our existing 3D base. I mean, I'd say, it's probably certainly less than 20% and that's probably even less than that. So as you start to build it out. There's opportunities for years and years as well to just be upgrading our 3D while we continue to upgrade 2D. And I think that becomes part of the – it becomes a broader playbook than the days of yore. So we have so many things at our disposal now to drive that sustainable growth.
Steve MacMillan: Yeah. We don't have a great handle. You get a little anecdotes here or there. Somebody had some extra money in their budget at year-end and spent it, this kind of stuff. But it's also why we just want to be careful not to get too far ahead of ourselves. I'll tell you we feel very good about the underlying order trends. We feel very good about the competitive wins we're getting. We feel very good about a lot of what's going on in the business. But to – we can't be quite as granular saying, we got 160 bps that came from extra budgets being released or anything like that, that would just be pure speculation.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think International we've continued to be placing Panthers continued to drive menu particularly in Western Europe. I think we've made a lot of progress over the last few years. We've got a leader over there it's been doing great things. And the magic with every Panther we place the new start to menu coming in. We also just got a lot better tracking the metrics as well usage per Panther. There were days in the old days we used to sell a Panther and then it wouldn't get used. We've gotten so much just rigorous basic operational discipline and understanding every Panther around the world what it's doing, and if we can help drive more business through it working it that way, so no magic, just good hard work customer by customer making progress.
Steve MacMillan: Yes David. Just look at results versus past, I don't know that we've got a perfect weighted average market growth rate for the category. I do think if you look at the last 20 quarters or whatever, we've probably grown faster than whatever that weighted average market is. And we continue to try to be shifting and driving that to a higher number.
Steve MacMillan: So Doug, probably on the first part of, whatever I was really talking about is, I think we're getting much more granular at getting smarter at penetrating wherever there's a Panther, making sure we're getting a lot more usage. I don't want to overplay that we're getting all this massive consolidation on to our Panthers. We still see huge opportunities for that. So it's more customer-by-customer, particularly outside the U.S., which was really my reference where we would've placed the Panther, it wasn't getting -- it might have been – being used for one assay instead of two or three or four. So we've been building that out more than anything. But I think, obviously, continuing to feel very good. And we're not going to comment on specifics of our largest customer contracts consistent with the -- our policies for quite some time. But there would be a huge inflection. I think you'd probably expect something of that that you're – we're seeing ongoing strength.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think we feel really good about the sales teams we've got there and the products. We're still, I'd call, in a very early stages of pulling those sales teams together and leveraging especially the disposable side of the sales force. I think everything we've seen has reinforced that these are both good acquisitions that are on or above our new models. Not sure that we necessarily need more things in the portfolio. I think we feel good about that. I'd also say, it's most -- both are mostly U.S. businesses today. And again, over time probably significant opportunities outside the U.S. Those will come a little bit more over time as we ramp up the right organizations and some of that. But I think we're off to a really good start, really pleased. And as we've talked in the past, certainly, Raj you well know it, these are the great kind of the tuck-in deals that I think will be very good for us.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. I think, certainly our own sales team is promoting it more. It's been an interesting one, because the whole GEA market has kind of dried up a little bit or shrunk really ever since one of the competitive products was taken off the market and in a weird way there maybe some competitors coming later in the year. The way we almost think about some of that is, it may actually reignite some discussion. There is still way too many hysterectomies done in this country. And I think as we get our messaging out a little deeper, we'll continue to try to strengthen that business. But it's clearly well established in an established category that hasn't been growing. And with that category not growing, given our very strong market share we've kind of been going sort of along the ways of the market. So we like to get it going back a little bit better. 
