Mike Watts: Thank you, Don. Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us for Hologic's third quarter fiscal 2015 earnings call. With me today are Steve MacMillan, the company's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob McMahon, our Chief Financial Officer. Steve and Bob both have some prepared remarks today then we'll have a question-and-answer session. If you didn't already see our third quarter press release, a copy is available in the Investor section of our website along with a supplemental financial presentation for today's call. We also will post our prepared remarks to our website shortly after we deliver them. Finally, a replay of this call will be archived on our website through August 28. Before we start, I would like to inform you that certain statements we make during this call maybe forward-looking. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such factors include those referenced in the safe harbor statement, included in our earnings release and in our filings with the SEC. Also during this call, we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release or in the supplemental presentation. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve MacMillan, Hologic's CEO.
Mike Watts: Hey, Alex, it’s Mike. Let me take the question on virology timeline. As you know, we introduced not too long ago, our HIV product with the CE Mark in Europe. We will probably look to the next calendar year to flesh out the menu with additional HCV and HPV assays, and then probably in the ‘17 calendar year to bring the first product to the U.S., which would be HIV as well.
Mike Watts: Jon, it’s Mike. We want to give you the color that you guys need, obviously to build your models and such. I mean, honestly, we talked a little bit about it internally and we don’t really want to get in the habit of providing that number on a quarterly basis. I think that lots of factors, some of them beyond our control can affect placements or sales in an individual quarter. And frankly, we want to discourage a little bit of that over infatuation with the quarterly numbers. We had a record quarter this quarter of placements, very, very strong demand, but if you could bear with us, we will probably not to give that out every quarter.
Mike Watts: Yes. I think just to build on that. I think one of the other areas focusing on those dealer markets in also looking at what countries we can win and drive success in. And so it’s really a focus on 10 to 12 countries in a much deeper and significant way as opposed to spreading our resources has been.
Mike Watts: Hey, Derik. It’s Mike. So just to clarify that comment, the reference to record Panther placements, certainly it was a record for this year.
Mike Watts: But it would not has been a record of all time, so don’t want anyone to think that. Very healthy placements this quarter, best of the year but not the best all time. And we’re seeing, I think we had a particularly good quarter of competitive wins. Certainly, still some customers upgrading, but a good percentage of the placement this quarter were in fact competitive takeaway, so we’re please with that.
Steve MacMillan: Yeah. We’re clearly seeing an increase. I think what we’re starting to see is the impact of our marketing efforts and frankly a lot of patient demand actually starting to drive hospitals to really accelerate further. And I think it’s clearly a big uptick and faster than what we would've anticipated but we’re hearing a lot of pressure, certainly from the hospital systems and I think, based on incoming orders continuing to feel good. We then remind you that we’re still in the early to early mid-innings of the potential left just to the United States. So we’re still well less than half of the way at all -- even nearly through our installed base. There is still a lot of runway ahead of us.
Steve MacMillan: Yeah. I think we continue to feel really good certainly about our position at HPV and our Panther system. So again as you will know, there have been so much attention paid to the Quest Contract, say, a year ago. But what we’ve really been focused on over the last year or even during that time is additional Panther replacements. And as those Panthers come online, we have more machines in the field and then as people get experienced with them, they start to put more of our assays on them and just builds over time. So we’re feeling very good. There is probably some positive market, overall market dynamics here. So that we don’t want to take all the credit for it but clearly I think if we look throughout the molecular diagnostics industry right now, volumes probably looking pretty good.
Steve MacMillan: And on the question of the five year screening and I think we continue to see as we referenced in the script, an extension of the interval as it relates to Pap. I think in the long run, we frankly think the science is clocked to go to five years and I think that will continue to play out. People will understand that it maybe a little too far but in the meantime, we are dealing with that.
Steve MacMillan: Yeah. Thanks, Vijay. Good to hear from you. The way we look at it, in terms of our installed base, we are not giving the exact numbers. But we feel very good on both our conversions, but also the fact that we are well under, well under only halfway there. So, we're not even close to halfway through our base. This should continue to run really for several years in terms of the momentum and so the competitive piece, we are definitely winning competitive customers. And I think we are certainly, I think it is fair to say we are winning more competitive ones than we are losing. And I think people really are seeing the combination of our proven technology. We have the best clinical data out there with the study published in JAMA. We have the best label. We have the fastest scan time. This really is -- frankly, we are more differentiated in the 3D world than we probably ever were in the 2D world. And I think our sales teams are doing a tremendous job of educating customers that way, combined with some patient demand and our marketing efforts, all of which clearly led to an inflection in the quarter, the one that we feel good about sustaining here for ways.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Great question, David. I think on the pipeline, truthfully, we are still a few years away. I think as you probably wrote shortly after I started. There is investments in cultural shifts that have to happen and I think the way we are thinking of that are high level is those -- the impact of what we are doing today is probably more in ’18 and beyond event. We’ve been perfectly candid. I think we kind of said that the pipeline was not rich. In the meantime, I think there is so much more opportunity in the shorter term with the products we have to help us bridge through what is probably a longer gap than we would prefer. So, I think we feel pretty good. And I think clearly on the M&A front, we’ve refocused our organic growth. We will certainly start to recrank up what I call small-scale bite size kinds of things. But even nothing in the very short-term on that, as we continue to paydown the debt. Having said that, I think is where -- with the performance we are generating, we are running at a very good pace relative to our debt to EBITDA goals by the end of 2017. We are clearly running ahead of that, which will probably give us a little chance to maybe do some more tuck-ins to help us even bridge a gap if there was one before the pipeline really kicks in. But we are still not returning to the old days of big acquisitions and any of that stuff.
Steve MacMillan: I think we always go against formidable competitors. I think we think our product is even more differentiated, which our goal, clearly is to take what is already a strong leadership position but go even higher. So, our goal is not just to replace what we have. We think we ought to be able to win and so hopefully that does give us a little bit more runway.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. I think at this point, what we are really seeing on the molecular side, we’ve got the virology program coming first as Mike referenced earlier, certainly outside the U.S. and then inside the U.S. We’ve disclosed that we are working on an upgrade to Panther as well, which will allow the PCR capability and that will then allow us to do more assays in the PCA world. Those are still a few years away. We are in the earlier stages there. But you can imagine, we are going to be doing a lot of the standard menu expansion and those kinds of things that other folks are working on and building off of the strong base we have and really this is a business that every additional Panther we place today will be beneficial down the road.
Steve MacMillan: Yeah. Brian, I will take this. Blood pressure is kind of a way of life and healthcare. And certainly, we see that in our markets. But what I would tell you is the good news is our products, we are selling on the benefits of our products. And I would tell you that the pricing that we’ve seen over the last year has been relatively flat across all of our major product lines. And I think some of that is incentivizing our reps for margin improvement, forming them with the benefits of our products and then also more pricing discipline that we have. I think if you look at it, just looking at our gross margins certainly, they have gone up despite the price pressure. Some of that is a result of the mix and so forth. But I feel good about kind of where our pricing is and our ability to continue to grow despite some of the pricing pressures.
Steve MacMillan: There was nothing pulled forward. Let’s be really clear about that. The couple of things, we mentioned there was a $5 million extra, basically from the divestiture, which was us providing basically a trailing agreement there. There is a also a little bit of seasonality and I think what we’ve really done over the last year is starting to normalize this business more so and we are going into the summer months. So, things like surgical procedures for our surgical business were little bit more down in that July, August timeframe I think as we see around the world. So it’s really right along those fronts.
Steve MacMillan: We continue to place Panther. The growth is really, it’s multivariate. It’s both more machines out there than it’s ones that we placed previously started to be used a little bit more Jack and we continue to feel good about the pace of placements.
Steve MacMillan: It’s a great question I tell you. I think we are legitimately in the first inning of the international build up because if you really and Bob and I spent fair amount of time over there recently. We are halfway between the startup and real company. When you look franchise by franchise outside the US that some of these businesses were just barely getting going and it is -- it would be a perfect time to invest even more. We would tell you right now we are pacing it based on where we stand. It’s things like I would love to add more sales people around the world and our surgical business tomorrow. The reality is we don’t necessary have reimbursement in place in all the key markets. So it’s going to be a longer build and if I could, I think we would dump a lot of money there right now. But we would be throwing money that’s not as efficient. And with the Bob at might side, he was incredibly good at making sure we are every investment we make we think about ROIC. It’s going to be more paced, which will give us more longevity as we really go forward.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. Though we did have some reasonable growth internationally in our Breast Health business as well, combination of a 2D and 3D, but clearly the strength was the US.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. So we still have a portion of our 2D systems that are upgradable that are in our installed base, although it’s approximately 15% to 20% of the installed base. So the vast majority of that will require a full gantry system upgrade to 3D.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Rich. It’s really reengaging and assessing our dealer network outside the US, mostly we got through dealers outside the US and I think what Claus and his team had been doing is building stronger relationships with those dealers to really get them driving the opportunity bigger. I would tell you I think as we look back at our history, we’ve probably been more transactional just trying to get orders when we can. And we are building more much of a partnership that includes better pricing, discipline on our part which part of it’s helping the margin structure overall and things like that. So I think it’s reengaging that, it’s getting into the tenders, it’s a longer-term process, and making sure that we’ve got the best dealer market by market to really build the business around the world. So it’s a refocus, it’s also recognizing. In some cases, we should be focusing on 2D, in some of the markets depending on where those markets are and not necessarily just trying to jam 3D everywhere. So it’s really market by market and the heavy lifting of executional excellence, that’s going to drive that business over time. And again we are early stages what we can really be there.
Steve MacMillan: Bill, I don’t know if we see any real major external events coming. I do think we feel very good about our ability to continue to drive the business. And as you maybe go on partially we might be going. As you think about '16 for us, fuller, we are not ready to give guidance or anything else, but I think for the total company as you think about some mid single-digit growth on top of the exceptional performance this year in revenue and obviously, we’re going to be looking to have that leveraged on to the bottomline across the total company. But, I guess, no real external events probably expected on the Breast Health piece.
Steve MacMillan: We are seeing, probably, a faster adoption rate of institutions that has one or two systems and it’s really being driven by two things, one is the radiologist experience. Now we continue to hear and every time I’ve been on the field, we continue to hear from the radiologist, they don't feel good anymore giving 2D exams to people, once they’ve seen the 3D results. They know they are detecting more cancers with 3D and they know they are preventing more false positives and therefore basically reducing biopsies. So, I think, there's a passionate belief among the radiology community that as they’ve got an experience with 3D, it’s the best patient care they should be offering. And so what you have is in these institutions where they had several, they're probably going back and seeking funding for a more full-scale conversion, faster than we might have imagine. It’s also been partially driven I think by greater patient awareness, some of are on marketing and PR campaigns. As well as, frankly, just a lot of a popular media that's out there, even some of that the mainstream media reacting negatively to the USPSTF guidelines. So you’ve got all these things eating together that are encouraging probably a faster adoption.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Obviously, as we start to go into next fiscal year, the comps start to really change. And hence, we’re not going to be growing our breast health business 20% on top of 20% growth. So, I think the comps get harder and yet we feel good about the underlying trajectory really for all of our businesses. So, I think we are feeling pretty good. But obviously, as we start to think about guidance for next year and everything else going to be more tempered relative to the kind of numbers we’re putting up right now.
Steve MacMillan: Yeah. I think, I’d say we are in the later innings of any major personnel change. We’ve got most of the key leaders in place, still a few opportunities here and there. But for the most part, we’ve really just about made all of the key changes. As you point out the exception -- internationally, we’re still building the team. Bob and I were over in Europe couple weeks ago and Claus had three new leaders literally just started in June. So, I think they are probably a year behind. Internationally what we've done in the U.S. in terms of building up the team, so there are earlier innings there.
Steve MacMillan: I don’t have to expand it too much. You’re right. It’s weak. It’s a big opportunity for us and one of the leaders I just referenced and we just brought onboard a couple weeks ago is our new leader of international diagnostics sales. So it is a clear source of upside and now one of our prouder moments -- for prouder businesses at the moment.
Steve MacMillan: There is great clinical data, there is our label and there is consumer demand, so I’d say, its multi-variant.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. What we really done there is we’ve added some clinical specialists to help support some of the caseload, particularly with our MyoSure procedure. So what it's done its allowed the sales reps to really focus on hunting and building out the customer base. While we have the clinical specialist serving a lot of the case coverage and that really has helped.
Steve MacMillan: Yeah. Great question Brad. I think we’ve had four good quarters of growth clearly from the JRC and that’s now behind us. This was the fourth quarter. So I think we see this pretty flat now. Probably return into a basic market, I think the global blood screening business is probably a flattish to even slightly down. And unfortunately for us, we’ll probably be much closer to those numbers now going forward. I think that is all the time we have.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. And Tycho, I would add. This is Bob. Specific to HPV while we don’t disclose that, we feel really good about our performance in HPV. Believe it, it was that faster than the market and we believe we’re number one in that market place in the U.S.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. I think we’ve talked about the productivity initiatives that are starting to be put in place. I would say that those are still in the early stages. And as we think about this, certainly the U.S., we benefited from the U.S. growth being much faster than we had anticipated, which really helps from a geography and a gross margin perspective. Our guidance going forward, we anticipate a slight decline sequentially in our gross margin but still up versus prior year. And the way we are thinking about it is, as we are looking to grow our international business longer-term, that’s going to put downward pressure on our margins. We generally see slightly lower margins outside the U.S. and inside the U.S. And I think what’s happening is actually some of the higher volume in the U.S., coupled with some of these initiatives, we are actually seeing some of that benefit before the international growth kind of kicks in. So, we feel good about where we are and the progress we are making. Not ready to say that we are going to continue to see margin improvement enhancements to the level that we have this quarter.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. Thanks, Dave. Good question. One of the areas that we really focus and is really helping, I think drive the topline is really the investments around our sales and marketing. So that’s probably one of the areas that we will continue to look to generate incremental investment that is driving the topline. We’ve seen a nice ROI. Principally behind our breast health business is the ramping up of the 3D adoption, continues to go. Even with that incremental investment, we still had a nice operating income leverage of approximately 170 basis points versus prior year. We are probably one of the leading profitability companies in our sector. We will continue to grow and invest appropriately to drive that topline. That’s probably the biggest area as we also talked about there was variable compensation that was really a result of the topline as well, that kind of goes with the investment but the incremental investment was really our sales and marketing investment.
Bob McMahon: Maybe I will just add on that. I think one of the things that we talked about is this cultural shift. I will tell you, the organization, breast health, diagnostics or the surgical business -- they are not satisfied, which is replacing our installed base. Our goal is to grow faster than the market and gain share.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I would say we -- to build on what Steve just said, we feel very good about the placements, so actually had the strongest placements in the third quarter of Panther’s. And then it’s really kind of a three-pronged approach. So it’s placing more boxes, the revenue per box continues to grow which said that there is more assays going through those boxes. And that’s also our sales organization has done a great job of also working with the physicians and clinics to drive utilization versus guidelines. So it’s really kind of that three-pronged approach really living on the benefits of strong workflow and automation at the Panther brands.
Bob McMahon: Jack, we are not going to get into that level of specificity. What we will say overall we feel good about the overall momentum.
Bob McMahon: Okay. Let me just quickly answer the service question and then I will turn over to Steve on the guidelines. The service was a strong growth driver for us as well, actually group up 7%, total company for the quarter actually close to 9.6% on an constant currency basis. So that’s a lot of that is on the back of installed, the acceleration of the installed placements on 3D and the higher service revenue associated with those installations.
Bob McMahon: Yes. So just quickly the distinction between 4 and now probably 3.2 is net debt versus gross debt and we have been talking about a net debt target of 2.5 by 2017. In terms of the tax, we are still working through some of the foundational elements of that and actually some of the refinancings were much for providing us with obviously pushing up uncertainties and providing us with interest savings. And so it’s as much also helping us with the tax and providing us some operational flexibility, better covenant profile that allows us to move IT around as we are looking at our manufacturing. The way that you should think about tax is really we’re still building that foundation in '16 and start to see some of those savings in leverage on the tax line in fiscal '17 timeframe.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. I mean, I think, the way we kind of think about it is that, we look at -- when we look at R&D at around 8% of our revenue, we think that that’s about right. On a quarterly basis you’ll see some puts and takes depending on what that -- the investments for the development programs, but that’s a reasonable approximate, yes.
Bob McMahon: Yes. So, Jayson, I’m not going to give you, kind of what the ultimate game plan and what our targets are. But what I would say is these are both near-term and then we have medium-term and longer term. And some of the near-term are just the cost improvement opportunities of driving more efficiencies through the plans. We’ve talked a little bit about in previous calls around sourcing. We’ve seen some early initiatives there that are driving some cost improvements. I still think that these opportunities continue to drive, sourcing savings as we look to centralize that organization and drive. And then longer-term, as we look to streamline our processes within the factories and get more of a lean kind of mentality. I think that there's a big opportunity there. So we’ve got short-term, medium-term and longer-term opportunities.
Bob McMahon: Yeah. I think that that’s the way you’re thinking about that in the later part of the question is kind of how we’re thinking about it. So as the international business grows, certainly that’s at a lower margin, which is going to put some pressure on it. We talked about kind of balancing those lower prices. But then also I think as we are we are digging under the covers, so to speak, we’ve still got a relatively new management team across. We do see a lot of opportunities, not only for streamlining but also growth opportunities that we want to appropriately invest in. So that’s one thing I think as we think about not only investing in a relative to ROIC but also to top and bottom lines. We’re not going to be afraid of reinvesting into the business to have that sustainable growth that Steve talked about before.
