Steve MacMillan: Yes. I would say, still very conservative near term, because we started the signal about this time last year. The deeper we dug into international, international for context is really much more of a start-up than a turnaround. We've got our three franchises across the geographies and so what Eric is really doing in part of what specific data, the changes we need to really build out a team not just get a team that was in place operating differently, and so Eric is really going out. We're already recruiting and bringing in different people, different leaders, but it’s going to take that – that's going to more a 2017, 2018 event, I think, and really we're thinking about international as drivers in especially frankly 2018, 2019, 2020 and not as focused on the near term. So I think the near term is pretty cautious and conservative. But it will be coming through right when we need it.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. I think if you go back two years and I described at the time we probably saw a building a freight train, clearly I think the combination of better reimbursement and especially our consumer marketing efforts and our sales efforts really dramatically accelerated that. And instead of a freight train, it definitely look for like an aeroplane I think taking off. And you saw that especially as you know in our third quarter last year when you starting really positing this 20% growth numbers. I think what we see is we still feel very good about the order trends and about frankly the biggest piece I think we're incredibly excited about is the way we're holding pricing. And the demand still looks very good, having said that we're going against obviously now as we go into this third quarter, we're going against the huge comps and therefore again as we try to signal of last year that the absolute growth rate will probably be slower here for the U.S. breast health business, as certainly as we into the coming quarters, but I think still feeling really good, that there is a lot of runway ahead and I think when we talk to investors I think people often think there's going to be a peak in that huge trough. I think we're seeing it is probably would be much more of a Plato, whereas we hit a peak, but there is still a lot of runway that should have us last for quite a while here.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. Actually it’s going to be a few, we are exiting it. I'll take your second question first [gap audio] we are exiting it permanently and it will be a few million just in the second half of the year, so it would be larger than that on an annual basis. It’s roughly a $10 million annual number, annual product. So we'll absorb that. And then in terms of the test, I think we feel really good about the continued uptake of both the full menu in the U.S. and starting to see some encouraging signs on the update of the menu in Europe, but again we wanted to be very careful, making sure we're not declaring victory until we start to string together a number of quarters. But I think we're starting to see some better panther placement. We have a new leader of molecular business in Europe who actually came later last year and so he starting to get his traction and driving its. So I think feeling pretty good about where that business should be going. 
Steve MacMillan: We spoke Jonathan, we mentioned 170,000 on a worldwide basis last quarter and its actually increased from there, this year. And the U.S. being higher than that in terms of the average sell for panther. And I think I give you the highest level how we're feeling about the diagnostics business right now. We're incredibly [Indiscernible] with what's [Indiscernible] is going, remember that was a really ugly situation just couple of years ago that business is now clearly flattens to modest growth, molecular is looking good and blood screening is probably a little bit behind, you know blood screening and that's the one we don't control the commercial channel on. We're seeing probably greater inventory reductions, certainly than what we expect in start of the year and we're absorbing it based on the strength in the parts of the business. 
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Tycho. First I'm going to try to dissuade you from using the cliff because we've been working very hard to make sure that it won't be a cliff, and I'd say that in all seriousness. We've been very focused on what happened with the 2D curve and everything else and by thinking about how we extend out and do some line extensions and other things that's been a huge part of our focus to be able to have more of a plateau or very soft decline in that segment of the business at some point in time as suppose to real cliff. I think it’s part of what we have coming things in biopsy and frankly people [entities] running that business for us. It’s a longer track record being about to put even some singles and double on the board in addition to just the every home or every five or eight year home run that we've tended to have in this business. So I would tell you I'm feeling incrementally better every time Bob and I and Eric Compton are down meeting with that business on what's happening in their pipeline and we'll talk more and more about that certainly in the coming quarters and years. But I think we're feeling better about being able to mitigate that. To the other piece, I just want to jump even though your question on margin to Bob, because I was very adamant early on when I came was probably not expecting much margin expansion. This has been one of the very positive surprises to me. And I think the big piece that I want to be clear on is, we're going to use a lot of this gross margin expansion to continue to invest into the business which leads to the second part of your follow-up question there, which is as we go forth we are certainly spending more on R&D, more in marketing and it will allow to do tuck-in acquisitions based on the cash generation. And so I think we're really opening up a new leg in the store, where we got more levers available to us than we did two years ago. Two years ago we were so hamstrung with the debt and the converts and everything else. We didn't have really an ability to potentially manage, because as we all know we're going to see some ups and downs in the rate of sales growth. We're going to continue to grow. We're going to have some periods that will be a little bit slower while we wait for the next new products to come through. I think we're feeling better and better that we're going to be able to deliver very strong earnings growth consistently and in the periods when we are growing faster we’ll probably reinvest a little bit more in the periods that are slower, we may not have quite the accelerated investments in that type. So hopefully that starts to give a little more of a longer term view of what we are thinking about.
Steve MacMillan: I think it’s going to be slightly down. I think if we look Jack at the global market, let’s take it by U.S. The U.S. clearly hospitals are getting better and better at managing their inventory at minimally invasive surgery at being able to limit their use of blood. So I think we are forecasting that the U.S. is a slight decliner. This quarter, our U.S. business was actually up fairly significantly in blood that was more an inventory correction, but I think the way we are thinking about it is this is a low single digit decliner. Internationally, I think we see the business very slight grower, but globally I think because of the declines in the U.S. we think about blood screening as a flattish to slightly down business. And that’s -- you go back to the headwinds we had as a company facing us a years ago it was blood, it was NovaSure, it is MyoSure. I’m sorry; it was blood, NovaSure and ThinPrep. The two that we control the commercial channel feel great about changing the long term trajectory. I don’t think we are quite as ready to declare a change in the trajectory of blood screening. Then I think the other thing that’s important to note Jack there is this is a macro trend, we are not [losing gap] contracts, we have not lost any contracts. We are the market leader so as the market goes, so goes our business and I think that’s important to say that we continue to feel good about continuing to secure the contracts that we have and this is more a utilization factor as opposed to loosing contracts to competitors.
Steve MacMillan: Yes it’s a bit of both in terms of existing and newer and to some degree it’s starting to go [Indiscernible] slightly smaller accounts. We’ve penetrated most of the large ones and part of this is we look at our menu of the future and what we have coming we realize if we can get a few more Panthers placed even in midsize accounts, hospital labs other reference labs that’s going to benefit us as well. And frankly, Panther has got a pretty good footprint for OUS, but we’re never really put the resources behind it and so we are starting to place a few more internationally especially in Europe right now.
Steve MacMillan: Yes Chris to add to that is if you think about it we grew EPS about 14ish percent last year at the high end of the range this year it’s going to be another 14 on top of 14. There’s a point at which you don’t want to go too far because we are thinking about this over the long haul.
Steve MacMillan: Hey you are exactly right. I think we saw a little bit of inventory correction in China, primarily and I think we probably with some distributor changes and everything else there is a little more inventory probably in the channel there than what we had fully grasped. So I think it’s a underlying consumption. It looks good, and I think we may have another quarter or so with a little bit of adjustment here and then probably be as Eric has dug in deeper and deeper we are getting better granularity, better visibility and I think it’s more of a an inventory contraction issue.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Bill. On the first part, we’ve been working very aggressively with both CDC and FDA on the topic and we should have a blood screening product via IND for use here in the coming months by early summer certainly by the peak mosquito, in time for mosquito season. We don’t yet know exactly how the market is going to play out. We’ve been through this script before with dengue and West Nile and not being quite sure clearly it does look like there is rationality to this and we are prepared with the various centers to be ready and responsive to what is needed to be done. And our primary focus initially is on blood screening. We are also and as part of the additional investment in the second half also looking on the diagnostic side of it as well that would be further out time wise.
Steve MacMillan: Yes we are ready and willing to spend there on M&A and actually we did make an acquisition of our own stock in the quarter. That was actually a pretty good acquisition that we made and we are feeling pretty good about that. The teams are definitely looking and where Bob and Eric and I are now reviewing on a more regular basis ideas. We also just looked and so we will not let it get in the way. Ultimately I look forward to the day that we have no converts left on the balance sheet, but I would suspect we will be doing some acquisitions along the way while we continue to clean those up. So, still in the way at this point in time still focusing the division on what we call bite size, things that supplement the existing businesses and we are very willing and ready to go, but I would say as Bob said in his script nothing eminent wouldn’t even necessarily expect any, anything much in this fiscal year necessarily. So we thought mop up some share as well that the market gave us a nice opportunity.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. It probably is 17 at some point in 17 and we have thought originally it would have been 18 or beyond I think the success and the faster climb. We are getting to 35,000 feet faster probably a good year faster than I would have imagined, but I think we’ll definitely be able to stay up there for a while.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Ray. I think first up we are not quite plateaud yet. We are still implying some growth in the final couple of quarters but definitely much slower growth. And I do think we are preparing for 2017 it’s going to be slower top line growth than where we’ve been over the last four or five six quarters. I think just being pragmatic about it. And as part of the investments we are making today so that we know we can set ourselves up to continue to deliver frankly very healthy EPS growth even in what might be a slightly lower top line growth environment.
Steve MacMillan: We are just not ready to get into pre announcing 2017 guidance at this point, but it certainly going to be lower than where it was, probably not a horrible number to use at this point in time.
Steve MacMillan: Yes hey Scott, we -- in the fourth quarter we talked about continued growth in 3D sequentially. We also have the benefit, the continued benefit of some tailwinds around our NovaSure business with the competitive market withdrawal. And we have some royalty income that shows up in the fourth quarter as well as the new products, products like the Affirm prone biopsy cable that show up more in the fourth quarter than they do in the third quarter.
Steve MacMillan: We will always expect a higher share. We don’t have a completely great handle on exactly what that number would be going forward, but I can tell you we are just with our surgical team this week and they are having a lot of success, doing tremendous job on both NovaSure and MyoSure. It’s clearly been one of the more positive upsides to the business. Again, if you look over the last two years where surgical was and where it’s going we are feeling really good about the trajectory. But that is -- that is one of the areas we are making incremental operating investments in to capture that, and so that’s part of the second half in investments as well as the 3D Genius campaign and they are contesting in the marketing side on the diagnostics business.
Steve MacMillan: Yes I think we are feeling pretty good about I mean ultimately the science on -- the science as well as many, probably some of the best. I think the science is very much on our side on co-testing and we feel very good about what we are seeing both on the cytology side and frankly on our HPV side. So, I don’t -- we certainly don’t see us loosing share on HPV.
Steve MacMillan: In our earlier inning in U.S. And then [Indiscernible] we got to build the capabilities outside the U.S.
Steve MacMillan: I think if you really look, we had such a positive inflection point in the third quarter last year, we're in that run up for right now. I think we would always rather be a little conservative on potentially preannounce the fundamental realities we're not totally sure. The dynamics are different than they were at that point in time from both competitive set as well as where hospital stand, everything else. We do think there are probably some upside in private sector insurance that will continue to kick in as it plays out. And I think it’s why we still feel really good about where it’s going. But I think pragmatically we are picturing it as less of this incredible spike and probably just reaching kind of a new level where its continuing to increase slightly for a while and but not the 20% growth rates that we were getting for few quarters in a row.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. As a backdrop remember our international molecular business is still frankly weigh too small, so it was roughly flattish in the quarter. We're seeing some growth in Europe and I think that's where we really want to see the growth and probably its taking a little more of an opportunity. Still some fluctuations in some of the other smaller markets around the world, but I think what we expect over time is we're placing – we actually have started to really place some Panthers in Europe. I think we'll see that as Europe probably being the beachhead for building out that international molecular business, that also should start to provide some steadier growth and steadier foundation to the business to build out. Fundamentally what we lacked in the company as a true foundational business for really any of our franchise that's outside the U.S. We had sales here and there from certain tenders but we haven't had the fundamental strength what you starting each quarter knowing you got a nice book of business that's automatically coming in. Even in the old days, we used to sell the Panthers instead of reagent rentals and things like that. So we are just trying to get a lot more disciplined to get a much healthier business.
Steve MacMillan: We don’t think it’s -- we feel pretty good about the uptake. And I think it’s an incremental opportunity. I don’t see we see it, we don’t see it as a real barrier, we see it probably as additional upside.
Steve MacMillan: We’ll have most of the team in place by the end of this fiscal year and we’ve got a lot of the key team. We had quietly started to rebuild the team particularly in Europe late last year, that’s when we brought the new molecular diagnostics leader in, the new service leader was hired in the last quarter. Our new breast health person over, so I think we feel pretty good about the team coming together by the end of this fiscal year and some of them are already hitting the ground and getting it. But it’s definitely more of a 17,18,19 as we really get into the longer term planning. And we are really upsizing that team. We don’t want just some quick wins for the sake of wins; we want it to be the enduring business because part of what we got in the last couple of years was the occasional big win but it didn’t necessarily translated the ongoing business.
Steve MacMillan: Yes I think starting on the second part, optimizing the supply chain you are clearly seeing it in our gross margin. I think the part that might have gotten missed in my script and it was the part that probably shocked me the most when I was going through the financial for the quarter. Our absolute cost of goods is lower this year than last. So we are producing more product at less absolute money than last and that’s clearly a result of some of the procurement and productivity initiatives that Mike Kelly, our supply chain leaders put in place under Bob McMahon’s guidance and a lot of help from Eric Compton as well. The Bedford facility will be closing later this later, candidly it’s going to have a fairly minimal impact on the true P&L because it’s the least facility and we are stuck with a bunch of lease costs and other stuff in there. But it’s -- we are still just doing a lot of cleaning up through the company and we’ve consistently said we’ve made a lot of progress in the last couple of years and there is still a lot of opportunity ahead to be better on so many fronts.
Bob McMahon: Hey, Isaac, this is Bob. Just a follow-up on what Steve is saying. The numbers where we expected them to be and what I would say is also in terms of the placements where we're not going to get specific number, it was up sequentially as we expected and also up versus prior year. So we feel continued good about our continued adoption in driving that business.
Bob McMahon: And I think we continue feel good about gaining share here in U.S. as well and across the major assets that we have. We start breaking up and track all the things. We're seeing growth, nice growth really across each of the asset.
Bob McMahon: Yes. So we're not going to give a specific target on gross margin going forward, Tycho, but what I would say is, it is an element of geography mix, product mix and productivity. Actually geography mix is the smallest component of that, roughly about 25% of that improvement was due to geography. And the rest being the product and productivity and what I would say it is probably equally split between those two. And we feel good about our continued improvement there with the initiatives that Steve talked about across all of the functions of our business, our operations team are really executing well and identifying opportunities to continue to improve efficiencies and obviously as our sales growth drives more units to the factory that also helps us well.
Bob McMahon: So your math is very similar to our math. We calculate that the change in share count calculates about $0.03. We’ve raised the midpoint $0.02 and we talked about the increased investment that we plan to make and are going to be delivered about making in both R&D and marketing in the second half of the year. And that’s essentially the math that you should be able to walk through. We are expecting higher operating expenses in the second half as a result of the benefits that we are seeing in those to generate long term sustainable growth both in R&D and marketing. And so we are taking some of that benefit and reinvesting into the business.
Bob McMahon: Yes hi Vijay, this is Bob. Obviously the sequential spike is greater when you are modeling at the top of the guidance range, so I would suggest that you model kind of to the midpoint. But it’s driven by our confidence in sequential growth of 3D, that’s a big piece of it as well as the other businesses. So the impact of our new product launch is such as the Affirm biopsy which had been built into our plan. The -- some of the growth in the NovaSure business as you recall that would be strong there and then we also have some royalty revenue that shows up in our molecular diagnostics business in the fourth quarter again which we had anticipated this year.
Bob McMahon: Yes hey Brian this is Bob. We have currently an authorization for 250 so we roughly have about 100 million at the end of the quarter. There is nothing significant in our covenants that would prohibit anything of that size and nature.
Bob McMahon: [Indiscernible] I think your numbers are not that far off. I would say the FX is probably a little smaller than you may estimate for others, because we do have about a little over a third of our international business is actually based in U.S. dollars. The other piece is the CF recall and market withdrawal that we mentioned before which is roughly we mentioned that that’s a $10 million annual business, so think about that as roughly a $5 million headwind in the back half of the year.
