Mike Watts: Thank you, Dory. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us for Hologic’s second quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. With me today are Steve MacMillan, the Company’s Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Karleen Oberton, our Chief Financial Officer. Steve and Karleen both have some prepared remarks, then we’ll have a question-and-answer session.  Our second quarter press release is available now on the Investors section of our website. We also will post our prepared remarks to our website shortly after we deliver them today. Finally, a replay of this call will be archived through May 24. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that certain statements we make during this call will be forward-looking. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such factors include those referenced in the Safe Harbor statement included in our earnings release, and in our filings with the SEC. Also during this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Finally, any percentage changes we discuss will be on a year-over-year basis, and revenue growth rates will be expressed in constant currency, unless otherwise noted. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Steve MacMillan, Hologic’s CEO.
Mike Watts: Yes, Dan, it’s Mike. I might just add one thing. And obviously, those tests are all not alike, right? So, a like trichomonas is still fairly underpenetrated. Obviously, the growth rates there would be much higher than for the base chlamydia/gonorrhea business. And we would expect the same thing to happen with the new test like MGen over time as well.
Mike Watts: Yes. I think, Jack, in the prepared remarks we mentioned that MyoSure in aggregate grew very low-double-digits in the quarter and NovaSure was consistent with recent quarters, it didn't go down as much kind of in that low to mid-single-digit decline range. And Dory, for you. It’s fine to allow folks to ask one follow-up question to. So, Jack, if you have a follow-up, go ahead. 
Mike Watts: Yes. Anthony, it’s Mike. I think, the competitive dynamics there are very stable. We believe we are maintaining share and in some cases, winning customers back, which I think is a testament to the work that's going on in the field. And, obviously, don't want to get too much into an open legal process, but the normal, kind of appeals and all that stuff continues to go on. And, we'll just give you an update when we have one.
Mike Watts: And, I would say, -- Mark, it’s Mike, I would just add to that. I mean, products like MonaLisa Touch I mean really are very valuable, clinically differentiated products that provide a lot of value to women. So, we definitely want to proceed those indications that will enable us to differentiate ourselves in the market.
Steve MacMillan: In terms of the existing base versus the new, the vast majority of our revenue is still coming from selling new 3Ds to both competitive customers, as well as upgrading our existing 3Ds. I think, as we mentioned, we still got, 3,000 to 6,000 installed 2Ds left in the U.S. So, we’ve still got years worth of replacements. and that's still the primary driver of our Breast Health business, which makes us feel so good about the sustainability, while we're starting to get certainly some of the grades, but they clearly are much smaller percentages of total on the upgrades. As it relates to Faxitron and Focal, it's been very nice and that we've been able to merge the sales forces, put them together and off to a very nice start as we really start to sell the breast conserving surgery line, as well as a couple of our own legacy products that are in there. And, I would say, we're still deep down in the earlier stages. This was really the first quarter that the combined selling organizations were on the street together. And we feel really good about the initial starts there.
Steve MacMillan: We are always mindful of new competitors coming into the space. Having said that, at this point, NovaSure has been safely and effectively used in 3 million patients at this point, and has a very strong, proven history and loyal base. We're out there telling that story every day. We've not yet seen any real impact from commercialization of anything. We certainly would expect some over time. But frankly, we feel really good about particularly the total efficacy of our product relative to any comers.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Dan. As we had said, we did finalize those contracts last year, virtually all of any of the pricing changes were in the quarter. So, this is, I want to say, quite a new run rate, but from a pricing standpoint, basically reflected in there. And I think what we feel really good, I know there was so much concern last summer with PAMA and with the renegotiations and everything else. We feel great about the relationships we've got with our largest customers. We are driving volume is really the big driver. And we ended up with pricing that really makes sense for both our customers, but particularly for us and feeling particularly on the molecular side very good about the runway ahead.
Steve MacMillan: We would not guide to double-digit for the rest of the year. We did mention we had an easier comp. I think we had a very good first quarter, we had an easier comp this quarter. I think, we feel very good about strong sustainable rates but would not model for sustained double-digit. I think outside the U.S., yes; inside the U.S., I’d probably be modeling more mid to maybe slightly higher single-digit growth. But, I think we’d like the overall trajectory.
Steve MacMillan: So, to pick up on it, MyoSure has become the bigger part, and it's defied our expectations for a long time, and seems to continue to grow. We still see opportunities, frankly, to grow the overall category, and continue to feel good as that being a major driver for Surgical, particularly as the U.S. sales force has gotten back up to speed and in a strong place today.
Steve MacMillan: I think stabilization is probably about the best we can do just given how penetrated we are in a category that's probably not really going -- growing and may have some competitors emerge. So, I think, we continue to keep that flat as probably a pretty good performance.
Steve MacMillan: That was a clever related that you worked -- one follow-up related into two different ones. Good Job, Bill. So, I'm sorry, the sustainability of Breast Health...
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think, Dan, overall, we always want to be too careful to get too far ahead of ourselves in terms of longer term outlooks. I think, if you look at the pure mammography business in the U.S., it's probably not grown all that much. The number of gantries is going to be relatively flat probably five years from now as it is today. So, as we had seen that all along, we thought, okay, it's all about broadening the portfolio, figuring out other ways to bring value to it. So, I’d probably still think about it as a low to mid single digit kind of business. And I think our ability to take share and find new avenues above that are what can take us to outperform what is probably much more of a lower single digit market. And obviously we’re very focused on outperforming it.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. This could sound flippant, but I’d basically consider anybody that would use anybody other than our system would be malpractice. But having said that, I think what it does is, you guys know the market shares, which we don't talk about a lot, but we're by far the dominant player in the space, particularly in the U.S. And I think our ability to continue to keep growing our market share off a very high levels, should continue to be there, given the dense breast indication that we have.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, David. We continue to manage the Company for the long haul. And obviously not every decision we’ve made has been perfect. But we continue to strengthen the business. And frankly, we are excited about some of what we have going on, even in Medical Aesthetics right now. So, we have some great sales people, Brooke Shields joining on as a partner, we feel really good about that. Having said that the broader piece of capital deployment, I think as you’re really seeing, really focused more on a lot of our core businesses and particularly the biggest divisions. So, the two that we’ve done in Breast Health, we feel great about. And I think we really are to a stage that we weren’t a few years ago, which is truly just tuck-ins. And so, the broader capital deployment that can refine good tuck-ins that fit our existing businesses, no need to open additional legs, invest in the businesses that are delivering and executing, and from that also continuing to do with cash left over, both ongoing share repurchases, debt paydown and being very prudent at this point in time with our capital. Karleen, do you want to add anything to that.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. We continue to feel very good about the backlog and the ongoing order rates that we track obviously on a very regular basis, but feel good about the ongoing orders growth in the gantry business.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. We’re still in the early stages of starting to upgrade our existing 3Ds, but between Clarity HD, Intelligent -- the Intelligent software and the SmartCurve paddles. So, they are relatively small but starting to be somewhat meaningful within that division, but still very early stages. And I think it provides just long-term runway. So, it’s -- I would say the way we're thinking about it day-to-day, Brian, the organization is very focused on continuing to convert 2Ds to 3Ds, but also going back and circling and seeing the opportunities, clearly things like the SmartCurve paddle, and the Clarity HD, very nice add-ons to our existing business and a lot of runway ahead.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think, Brian, we do feel good about obviously over the last 5, 6, 7 years, even we’d gone direct in the UK before. I arrived and we’ve obviously done great acquisitions in Germany, in Portugal and Spain. So, we’re now directing three of the biggest countries, certainly in Europe and continuing to look at how to strengthen our capabilities there, and also doing well in the countries where we’ve now converted from dealer to direct. So, like the foundation of the building over there.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. I think, we continue to feel really good about our OUS molecular business. The growth rate is 11 out of 12 quarters in a row, we had double-digit growth rates. And we’re still relatively underdeveloped. So, even though there are competitors out there, we’re still in our earlier stages of growth. So, it’s still a relatively smaller business for us. And yes, there is competitors there but I think we feel pretty good about our ability to continue to grow at certainly healthy rates.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Thanks, Jon. I think, we’re probably -- before we’re in really great shape on supply is probably well into next fiscal year because we do have a partner and we're obviously working with that partner right now to resolve the longer term piece. But, we're making some product enhancements to it to make it simpler to make and get beyond the short-term situations we’ve been in.
Steve MacMillan: Obviously, we’re continuing to focus and thinking smartly about where we go for the future, and investing prudently in the business. So, we're being smart about how we gauge the spending at this point in time. It’s clearly not making the kind of money that we would like, and in fact losing a little bit in the short-term. And we’re in that process of putting together our longer term plans.
Karleen Oberton: Hi. This is Karleen. So, let me take a stab at that. I think beyond the onetime items, we clearly had higher blood screening revenue than we anticipated. And to remind everyone, there’s virtually no gross margin on that revenue. Coupled with some of the products mix that we had in the quarter, specifically in the Cynosure business, contributed to the margin headwind.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So, I think what gives us confidence in the back half is that we don’t pursue those onetime items again and again. Majority of those related to the Cynosure business and some of the integration activities that are now substantially complete for the international locations. I think when we look at the back half of the year, our normal cadence is that revenues increase as well as volumes increase which are going to drive favorable absorption just as well as overall larger gross margin dollars. From a planning perspective, the teams have cost reduction efforts that kind of kick off at the beginning of the fiscal year and start to really contribute as we get to the back of to the year.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I don’t think there is anything unusual in the bank half below the line that we’ve anticipated in the guidance. I think, as we think about the guidance, yes, there is definitely beat in the quarter, there is some benefit from lower tax rate. But we'd really like to -- what we also want to do is allow the R&D teams to invest some more in the back half to accelerate some projects.
Karleen Oberton: So, let me start off with the contribution. So, on a worldwide basis, total Surgical division was about $102 million with a little over 40% of that comes from NovaSure and the balance from MyoSure.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I think, first was the international sustainability. And I think, we feel really good about that. I think there's a lot of runway. It’s early days on the overall conversion to 3D there internationally, coupled with still opportunities to go direct in key markets.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. No, I would just say, clearly, we view M&A as a priority from a tuck-in perspective, but the teams are bring really critical at the targets we evaluate here. But there’s an activity that’s ongoing.
Karleen Oberton: So, I don’t think we’re going to be specific, countries that we’re looking to go direct, but just that there are opportunities that we're considering in certain of our key markets as not all distributors are actionable either. So, weighing all the characters of the targets. 
Karleen Oberton: I’d just also add Brian just from an international perspective in the Breast Health, that we talked to just a lot about Europe, but obviously Asia Pacific, there’s a lot of got good momentum and opportunity there moving forward.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. And I would just add that in key countries we don’t have the full menu approved that we have here in the U.S. So, we have focused strategies on trying to get the menus expanded in key countries that will drive higher utilization. So, a lot of good stuff there as well.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So, I think, given the international markets, I think, as I had mentioned, we are kind of ongoing and integrating into our leadership, our regional leadership structure. And so, as we make some of those changes, we've had some disruption on the cadence of sales there. I think as we integrate, we kind of looked at some policies and procedures and had some accounting adjustments that we made as well, but feel good over the longer term that as our leaders take control this business we’ll have nice cadence of growth.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So, what I would say is that clearly, we've talked about we have seen competitive factors in the Medical Aesthetics business, specifically in the body sub-segment. Now, we are excited about the Brooke Shields campaign and what that will be able to do, but don't know how meaningful it will be, at this point. I think what I would focus on is what our key strategy is, in-license additional products, to put more in the bag of our sales team to create that cadence of new products, excitement for that sales team, what we think will contribute to turnaround in the U.S. business.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So, I would say, it's off the adjusted 62, is what we expect in the back half. And I think, as we said, we're not giving longer term guidance. But, I think looking at gross margin in that low-60s is the right way to think about them.
Karleen Oberton: So, I think as we think about when started the fiscal year we thought this would be a low single grower. I think that’s based on the performance in the last two quarter, as we think about fiscal ‘19, it’s probably low to mid single digit decliner. But, I think what we see is improvements in each quarter as we move through the year.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So, I think as we started the fiscal year for Breast Health, we had talked about it being mid-single-digit grower. I would say that based on the performance of the last two quarters for the full year, maybe it's mid to high-single-digit growth. So, yes, you're right the comp’s definitely get harder in the back half of the year and so the growth might come down a bit.
Karleen Oberton: So, they had meaningful growth in this quarter. I would say that we expect high-double-digit from them moving forward, but I don't know that it would be in the 40% range. It should be come down.
