Robert A. Cascella: Yes. Thank you, Glenn. Just to close, we're very confident that we have one of the finest product portfolios in the company's history today. And although there are many external challenges that remain, we believe Hologic's poised for sustained growth over the next 5 years. I want to remind everyone about the upcoming ECR in March and thank you for your participation on this call. We'll now be pleased to answer all of your questions.  And operator, you can open up the line for Q&A.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, we'll hold to some of the estimates that we gave out earlier relative to, I think, once we cross over that 6% revenue growth or top line growth. Because not all of our expenses are variable, we start reaping the benefits at a much higher rate. So this quarter was a pretty strong top line growth at 9% and what we saw was a strong revenue -- or earnings benefit as a result of that. Now, as Glenn indicated, some of that was due to the fact that we had a deferral of some of our clinical expenses, but the -- a good 50% of that overage was because of just an operating benefit.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, and as far as the dynamics between our HPV business with HTA and our ThinPrep business, we think there's a long way to go with HPV. I think initially, certainly there's going to be a greater rate of co-testing and potentially an interval expansion. We have not seen that thus far and I think it's because we're coming off of a couple of very, very low years or eroded years. I think, over time, over the long term and let's say that's a 3- to 5-year period, yes, we would believe that in addition to the market growing in HPV that we'll see interval expansion and some pricing compression on our cytology business. We are not seeing that today and we do not anticipate seeing that in a meaningful way throughout '12.
Robert A. Cascella: It will clearly be a significant element of the arguments and positions that we present. I think the 2 pieces of our payer justification will be higher sensitivity or detection and also savings from a reduction in recall. So we're finding that these prospective trials that are being done certainly support higher sensitivity or detection and we have continued to promote the fact that there is a reduction in recall. So it is both elements that I think will be important to payers.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes. I think when we look at it, and I want to also be clear because we're seeing a difference in what the definition of an early adopter is. I don't think we're seeing incremental sites, so I first want to make that statement. And if we do look at the difference between research university type versus community hospital, imaging center, it's about 50:50 today in terms of the profile of the current buyer. And I think the part that is maybe different, too, that is a bit of a surprise is, in university setting, and although that was what we believed our first target market is, I think they are struggling because they don't always know how to integrate a tomo unit into their practice where the imaging centers are doing it at a much faster rate because they see the commercial value in it. So that's where we may be trading off some of the research university type customers with private imaging centers over this very near-term period of time since we've introduced a product.
Robert A. Cascella: Sure. Over all, in the broadest of assessments, yes, reimbursement is going to be necessary in order to get into the far reaches of the mammography installed base. I think over this period that we are now living through, which is this pre-reimbursement 2-year cycle, it is not reimbursement that is the factor that's causing either the acceleration or non-acceleration of the product. It is much more related to customers getting comfortable with the clinical validation and we think that's happening every day. And two, as more and more sites buy tomo and we're in about 38 or 40 states today with it, it is creating a competitive dynamic in state and city or in community, which in and of itself is driving further adoption. So we think those 2 elements of the tomo rollout is what's more important today than even reimbursement.
Robert A. Cascella: And it was a little bit of a comment that I made during my script that we don't think the traditional capital spending trends always apply when there is a new successor technology, which has the potential to obsolete that, which is the incumbent technology, but what ends up happening as a result is that there is an urgency in buying it because it is better. It may be clinically is better, from a marketing draw, it's better. So there are monies that would be rationed towards this new technology where perhaps those same dollars would not chase after the upgrade of a new ultrasound platform, the upgrade of a new MRR platform or a CT platform, because ostensibly, you're really just -- you're getting a very measured level of improved functionality where this is a displacement technology, and as a result of that, it is garnering more dollars. So our level of confidence is, I want to say, we've seen this kind of trajectory in the days of digital and we believe that the benefits of tomo are far more compelling over digital than digital was to analog. And that's what's giving us a sense of early confidence.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I'll take a crack at the issue of RSNA. I think as Peter said earlier, we're coming off RSNA, which was literally in the month that we were closing the quarter. So trying to see some strong activity that results from the RSNA interest probably isn't practical to think that Q1 was going to be the quarter that we would see that. As a matter of fact, I mean, as people get excited and budget dollars are reallocated, I mean, it is clearly a 3- to 6-month selling cycle. So I think we're seeing great interest and a lot of activity, but realistically, it's not like just turning the light switch on. It is going to take a few months to get that momentum behind the products.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I mean, it's a great question and I would say, look, this is the first quarter of our fiscal year. We're comfortable that we saw some very positive results. We also saw, I think, a bit of a recovery relative to utilization ends and it's across a couple of product lines, as you indicate. It was just a little early for us to feel as if we wanted to up our guidance on the top line at this point in time. I think we saw it on the -- obviously, we passed our earnings benefit through for the year, but I think as this year unfolds, we'll get much more confident about -- relative to revising our revenue forecast.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I think the segment of the market that we're playing in has been fairly insulated. It's the low- to mid-tier lab. I think where we're going to see some more aggressive pricing is in the higher volume labs. And I think that's a market that we're now going after, but it is clearly incremental revenue for us. So I know I won't anticipate margin erosion for us, but I do believe the AEPs are going to be lower than what they've been historically.
Robert A. Cascella: I think we would define a tuck-in by how it fits within the organization so not so much about the price of it or the value that it brings. So it's about a technology that we think we can leverage with our sales and marketing infrastructure and possibly our factories and things like that. So I mean, I think it's maybe a little bit all over the map relative to the appropriate target, the expected rate of return and how well it fits within our existing infrastructure.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I think it's -- we're pleased with the product relative to its reliability, uptime, its performance. I mean, the FDA approval process was quite rigorous. So we know that it works well and we have a very stable assay now. So we're focusing on some of our existing customers that were using our sample transfer technology that are now going to full automation with the HTA as well as some of the sites that were still under an ASR. So we're -- I mean, it's a limited successes today, but all of the sites that we've installed, the product into today are enjoying good success with it. So it's a lengthy process, as you indicated; long validation times, a lot of extra training and so on and so forth. So I think we'll have probably more to report when we issue our second quarter results.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, and I don't think we'd see significant headcount additions in that area. When we talk about infrastructure additions, we're looking at really our own salespeople that would be in country supporting our dealers. So it's a handful of people on a country-by-country basis and they're really defined to assist as sales specialists. So we found that to be very, very successful in different parts of the world and we will continue on with that strategy. But I don't think there's any plan underway that would suggest that we need to add another 200 or 300 salespeople on a global basis at this point.
David P. Harding: Yes. I guess when you look at our business with NovaSure, there's 2 key things that you want to look at. The first is where we have lost some share over the last couple of quarters when we launched the MyoSure product and some of the peripheral accounts. Now that we've got the sales reps on, we've got them through training, we see a regained focus on these smaller accounts to make sure that not only are we bringing them MyoSure but we're keeping -- we're growing the NovaSure business there. I think more importantly, something that Rob talked about were the IMS visits. As you probably are aware, IMS tracks about 640 different codes, and the 3 that we really pay attention to are total OB/GYN visits, which are women going into an OB/GYN for any kind of visit at all. The second is really annual exams and the third is excessive menstrual bleeding visits. We've typically seen that excessive menstrual bleeding visit number going down over prior quarters and the business has kind of tracked with that. Now that we see an increase there and we couple that with the more sales force that we've put in place, I think we've got some strong catalyst for growth in that business. And that's why we didn't revise the guidance there.
David P. Harding: Yes, this is David Harding. I think it's a little bit premature to give real specifics there, but I think in a couple of years' time, it should be in the hundreds for sure. We'll start it out relatively slow this year, certainly less than 100 for the remainder of this fiscal, but we hope to see that ramp very rapidly in strong double digits over time.
David P. Harding: Well, I think it's a little bit premature to say what precisely the size of the China market is. This is David Harding, by the way. The mammography market in China is still really developing. It's at a very nascent stage. And so we feel that we are going to grow with that market. And certainly, as Rob indicated earlier in his comments, we hope that our overall China business will get to a $300 million mark in 5 years. So a good chunk of that will be in the Breast Health space. And we hope that the Serenity product will occupy a large chunk of that. Right now in the other emerging markets, we're really using our value-oriented Selenia offering to capture those things and really take some of that market share. So we don't feel like we're necessarily losing a lot of opportunity right now, but we feel that we can actually accelerate our growth by deploying even more value-oriented Serenity product in the future.
Peter K. Soltani: No, I would agree with that, that we're seeing fairly similar results really globally at all of our sites. But again, right now, it's a little bit anecdotal of [indiscernible].
Peter K. Soltani: So I mean, first of all, it's too soon after RSNA, but I would say it's been roughly about the same. I don't think there has been any particular trend one way or the other.
Peter K. Soltani: Sure, this is Peter, yes. When we spoke with Dr. Scott, who's the PI on the study at RSNA, his goal was to try to publish the data from the halfway point, which was roughly around 12,000, 13,000 patients. So we're hopeful that he will still do that sometime, say, in the next 6 months or so. And just as a reminder, it is a collaboration with folks at UPMC at Pittsburgh. So we do expect that that data will have tremendous value, both in the U.S. as well as outside of the U.S. So, yes, it will be a factor in our reimbursement efforts.
Peter K. Soltani: It's Peter. I think it's probably a little bit of both. I mean, there are certainly customers who are in their natural replacement cycle looking to update their equipment and will have sought to get additional funding to move up to 3D. So it does represent sort of the mix.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes, it is the mix though, Jayson. That is primarily what will affect it. So when we look at Q2, and the reason we guided down slightly for Q2 from where ended up on Q1 was the belief that Breast Health was going to have a stronger quarter than Q1. And the Breast Health margins, I mean, we're talking mid-50% type of gross margins versus the over 70% that we have on the Diagnostic disposable products. So the mix shift is the biggest contributor. But if we are successful in driving that top line revenue, that also is going to help us hit more the top end of that range.
Glenn P. Muir: The 62% does include, on a revenue basis, the upgraded software. So as we look at Dimensions, which is 62% of that total, that includes both 2D and 3D, so that includes the tomo as well. And of the 3D that we're selling today, we're only converting 15% to 20% of those are really upgrades of a pre-existing Dimensions unit. So that's been slow the last few quarters. That was not where the initial focus was on 3D, it was selling new systems, but we are beginning to see an increase in that software upgrade as well.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes, Isaac, I mean, I don't think there's an easy answer to try to quantify the actual gross margin amount from tomo. It clearly contribute to the higher gross margin. So Dimensions themselves, those 2D or 3D units, they themselves are at a considerably higher price point than the Selenia unit, which we're now moving away from. So that's giving us the first push forward. And just to repeat, to us, selling Dimensions is really the key whether it's 2D or 3D, because we do believe that in the future, every Dimension out there is going to upgrade to 3D to be able to offer the tomo capability. So it is all contributing in a positive way to hitting that 62.5%, but it's pretty difficult to quantify this quarter exactly what the percent was. There's a lot of mix between the disposable products and the capital equipment side, but it will be significant. The tomo margins are considerably better than the older Selenia margins, which are under 50%.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes, below the -- of the Dimensions unit, the 2D and 3D, which comprise 62% of digital mammography, so the balance being the Selenia systems, which has been a big reversal on one year, so shifting to Dimensions, of that total, less than half are the 3D tomo. So the bulk of the Dimensions today are still going out in the 2D format. So I think what you're seeing happening in the marketplace is there's a lot of interest in having 3D tomo or having the capability of having in the future because of what people are hearing and not wanting to be locked out of the market. So they're moving to the Dimensions 2D to protect that upgrade path.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes. Well, Bill, I think I don't know if you can never have too much cash and we're very pleased with that balance. But when we look at our capital deployment strategy itself, I think we'd feel differently if we didn't think that they were tuck-in acquisitions that fit within our distribution and product categories that we might be interested in, in the future. So I think that continues to be a priority, including setting some cash aside for some of the earn outs that we have coming up during the remainder of the fiscal year. So we are still interested in looking at those tuck-ins and we're also interested, number two, in reducing the leverage from our debt, the convertible notes that we have outstanding. And, as you know, we have a piece of that due, a tranche of it due in December 2013. And, I mean, it's clearly far enough away for us to do a lot of different things. But our preference would be to begin to de-leverage a little bit with those notes. So I don't think a share repurchase is out of the question, but I think, at the moment, we believe we can drive a greater return by focusing on some of these tuck-ins. And you know what? We kind of walked through it last time. I mean, when we look at the tuck-ins, number one for us is we look at an IRR, we also look at a payback, we also look at the accretion to the EPS. So all of those factors come into play when we take a look at what we can do in the marketplace.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes, and a part of it is 75% of our sales are here in the United States and this is where the majority of our manufacturing is. So it's harder for us to take advantage of some of the other, I think, tax strategies of offshore. But those are the areas for the future.
