Steve MacMillan: We've had a lot more calls from bankers, but I would say we are pursuing the same plan. We've got a lot more people that we meet with -- at various conferences. But, at the end of the day Dan, we are keeping very focused, very disciplined and going about things to see where we've always been.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Dan. We continue to be in very close touch with our sales folks around, are they sensing anything changes in the environment, we are not hearing much or anything. And I will tell you, I think we continue to feel very good about the bookings that are still coming in on the business. So, that can always change. But, nothing at all at this point.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think at a high level when you see the 8.8% global growth in molecular, we continue to feel very good both domestically and really internationally and a lot of that is -- frankly, it's all the core business. It's the women's health assays. Internationally the virals are starting to contribute Jack, but there is still a very small and we've got a few ancillary assays here and there. But, for the most part, it is our core women's health assays driving the growth.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Bill. I think we have been very pleased with what our team had already done by stopping the declines of NovaSure and trying to get into a modest growth business before the competitive withdrawal. We have clearly benefited for the last almost four quarters from a competitive withdraw that's inflated those growth rates. But, we still think it can be a growth business. And MyoSure as well continues to probably defy a lot of expectation. So, we continue to be very, very encouraged by what this business can do. Now, after eight straight quarters of double-digit growth, certainly that the comps and the stacked comps and everything else continue to get tougher and tougher. But, we feel good about where the business is going and good about the international opportunity and good about the fact that we are just launching NovaSure Advance that will bring some new life into the franchise. Having said all of that, we are clearly assuming a return to single-digit growth here as we go into the second half of the year and probably a more modest growth rate from what we have been able to achieve.
Steve MacMillan: Not really. I think we are going to continue to look at the assets. There is so much uncertainty now certainly around whether it's tax rates around everything else. We are going to continue to look at everything on its own merits and continue to be very disciplined in what we are looking at. But, we have the money, it doesn't mean we are going to rush out and spend it.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Tycho. As we said, earlier on diagnostics and surgical probably leading the growth internationally given the fact they are more direct than dealer. Having said that, we are seeing some pockets of building and even our European Breast Health business, where we have put a new leader in place nine or ten months ago we are starting to see some better results there. But you also have other businesses like Latin America that are little more fluctuating. So I think as we look fundamentally, we feel the business getting stronger and I think it will slowly start to tick up over the course of this year. Yes, it's probably going to be more 2018, 2019 before it can hit more of a stride. And again, just as we work through dealer issues and other things. But, feel we are definitely on the right path and making good progress.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think we probably took our eye off of the ball just a little bit. We have been continuing to evolve the sales organization in the U.S. And frankly, it sold in conjunction in a lot of cases with our Breast Health portfolio. As we launch our firm and have the managers focused on other new products, I think we would probably took our eye a little bit off the ball on staying as focused is also a little bit of competitive activity in the see arm space. But, in general I think just we reported as a segment but it is managed more as a product line to some degree and a relatively small one and just didn't -- haven't delivered for the last couple of quarters. So, but we feel good, the order trends were starting to pick up here.
Steve MacMillan: Isaac, our first assumption whenever we are doing reasonably well is always that the market is doing well. Sometimes after the fact that it actually looks like share has been -- has helped. I mean clearly Roche continues to do well. They are a very strong player. We think we have certainly done okay. But the market was probably half of this in last quarter, we don't have complete visibility but I would always rather assume, it was that then be taking credit for share.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, the highest level I put the – that we do have the team in place now we added our final addition was a Head of Corporate Business Development and I liking it a lot of what we've done internationally with our leaders that over the course of the last year, we put the foundations in place, we put the right people in place. That I do think we’re in good place to execute on deals now. Each division has a very good business development lead and then we’ve got the resource at corporate. So we’ve quietly been building that up and we’ve looked at a lot of deals and I’ve learned long ago from my mentor at Stryker, John Brown. In most cases, the best decision on business development is no, and we'll continue to be very disciplined, but the flow and the amount of time that certainly Bob and I've spent on deals over the last six months much, much better. And I think as we sit here, I probably will be surprised if 12 months from now if we haven't some something, but continuing to stay focused. And to your second point, ROIC is going to continue to be the key part and then ultimately we’ll launch something that is top-line and bottom-line accretive in growth rate for the company. So we'll be looking at things that could accelerate our top and bottom-line growth, not just up for example that would make us bigger. But at the end of the day, it's going to be about both growth rate and ROIC will be the big things we will be looking at as well as obviously being able to leverage our existing channels is always going to be kind of the first port of call.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Jon. I think the first part in terms of our firm, I think we feel very good about each of our products continuing to build momentum. And I think as we said about things like a firm, the firms going to add to our growth here in 2017. It will be bigger in 2018 than it will be in 2017, it will be probably even bigger in 2019 than it is in 2018. So I think we're in the early stages of all of these launches like virals like a firm and then things that will be coming on behind these. So feeling good about that. In terms of the leverage, I think one of the more obvious paths we’ve been able to leverage is in Genius 3D mammography for example where we’ve been able to detail to OB/GYNs that we have this technology. And in the past all we did is call on radiology. So we are looking and there are opportunities where sales forces are at least talking about some of the other products in our portfolio. And we're looking for them where they opportunistically exist. We’re not forcing synergies where they don't exist.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. What we also like to as you look forward in terms of our diagnostics business, which is on the molecular side and also the cytology side and then you've got an imaging side. As we look at where science is going the ability to have people that have some general expertise in different modalities of diagnostics across women's health, we think ultimately there are some opportunities that may play out deeper into the future.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Doug. I think the highest level in terms of the U.S., lot of our customers we actually have sort of standing orders every month and the extra days didn't have as much of an impact as we probably would have thought. We traditionally do very little business in that week between Christmas and New Year. So, it helped a little bit. It would have been nice to help more maybe, but again I think a fairly light week. Internationally, Panther placements I think continue to be probably the single biggest driver, utilization is starting to get up, but we're definitely getting some new customer wins that's starting to drive that.
Steve MacMillan: There is not pull forward I can promise you that. I think it's our toughest comp. I think we're going to easier comps in the third and fourth quarters. So it's a little bit below our annual guidance, but…
Steve MacMillan: Sure. We've got the right leaders in place. We're investing in people -- adding sales people were needed and all of that, but we're all self funding effectively that and just being rigorous like we are in every decision we make add few, so we're not coming out and saying hey, we're going to take a quarter or a year half while we make investments. We're self funding those as things take off in one market, we'll add some reps for example in another market and build it that way. So, I think we feel good, overall to your second part of that question, profitability internationally is lower. We typically on a margin basis, we typically have a combination of factors from some lower selling prices, we're also by the way because we produced a lot of our products in the U.S, the strong dollar is not – not our friend as it relates to international margin. And also going through dealers particularly in the Breast Health, all of those serve to depress the gross margin, which therefore as our business continues to grow and international picks up, the ability for that much more expansion of gross margin starts to moderate.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Anthony. On the Genius placements, we only provide the numbers on an annualized basis, so we did that at the end of last quarter. We don't provide quarterly numbers. Having said that, it grew modestly in the U.S. this quarter versus the same quarter last year, so continuing to grow. And on the share front, I think we continue to feel good that we are probably punching above our weight and continue to feel good about what we're doing in terms of market share gains there.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. We'll take the last one first and our flu related assets are very small, so that's our -- not a real impact for us. I would say I guess on the converts, there are certain limitations if you would go out and privately negotiate those creeping tender rolls and so forth it depends on. It also depends on whether the -- the holders are willing to sell. So that would happen overtime, but again within 12 months those things are all going to be callable. And the last one I think was around skeletal and underperformance there. When I can't sell a business because it had one or two quarters of underperformance we think -- first thing is, let's fix it, we're not going to sell it in that. And the other thing is, it does have -- it's fairly integrated into our breast and skeletal -- our breast business especially around the service component and so we've got a large installed base as well as the service tax out in the field that can service both our products. So it's probably more integrated actually than even the blood business that we do just recently divested.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Derik. I think as it relates to cytology, the way we think about it is, flattish in the U.S. is probably about as good as, as we could expect for sometime here and as we continue to offset the extension of the intervals with our own share gains. We still do think there is opportunities outside the United States, significant opportunities that is going to be a longer term build. But when you look at the presence of liquid base cytology outside the U.S. it's still underdeveloped. So there we think we do have some opportunities. On the perinatal piece, I would say we've got our own clinical programs and it maybe more indication related or other things that we're looking at, but we realized we've got a nice little perinatal business and a dedicated sales team there. So there are maybe some opportunities to try to drive that business, that's one of the smaller businesses that we've quietly refocused on a little bit internally so you don't forget about it and starting to feel there are maybe some opportunities for us in the coming years.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I think Jack just add to that. If I look at the core assays that we have both on a domestic and global basis, I would say we grew faster than market. We gained share and the three key assays that we have and we are already looking for number one share in CTGC, HPV and [indiscernible]. And I think we continue to feel very good about continued piece of our Panther placements as well. So, I think that bodes well for the future.
Bob McMahon: First, obviously with that, we weren't able to even if we wanted to because we were in blackout for the large majority of the time. But, that being said, I think our priorities continue to be Jack that we want to clean up the balance sheet. We talked about the converts, we have taken now the first tranche in those converts by doing that it also helps with the dilution. So we will continue to look at that and then also be very disciplined that's around M&A and growth and augmenting our R&D activities and be opportunistic with the share repurchase. And that's kind of the order of priority. So, we are looking at all of those levers throughout the course of the year, timing is always difficult to predict on those things. But, rest assure that we plan to utilize those capital -- those proceeds in a various ways.
Bob McMahon: I was going to say Bill if you -- if you recall the competitive product was first recalled at the end of the -- our fiscal first quarter and then was permanently taken off the market in our second quarter. So we would expect Q3 and Q4 to be at a more normalized growth rate to Steve's point.
Bob McMahon: Yes, Bill. That's right. I mean, it's a combination of a couple of things. Probably the biggest piece is actually the Panther systems. And the spare parts associated with those, so we will continue to be a partner there for a period of time as well as that raw material that we just talked about. But, that is a -- we would expect that to continue on into beyond 2017 for a period of time, yes.
Bob McMahon: Yes, Vijay. This is Bob. It is a positive for us when you think about our manufacturing and obviously our revenues are largely U.S. based but also when you look at our COGS, it's roughly 70:30 U.S. international. So we would expect to be benefiting. It's hard to put a number on that because we don't know what the actual base rate is. But, rest assured we would expect to be a net beneficiary associated with any kind of border tax adjustments.
Bob McMahon: Having said that, I mean just -- I think the market dynamic has been healthy, but if you look at the major products that we track the three big ones, we definitely believe we are a share gainer over time in all three.
Bob McMahon: And that said even though there is not a tremendous amount of cost synergies. We're still a very profitable business as you know, Jon.
Bob McMahon: Yes. I was going to say Doug a couple of other things to think about we had mentioned the -- one the headwind of the cystic fibrosis product that we are going against. So if you actually strip that out that was couple of million dollars in the quarter last year that didn’t happen this year. That would add at least the 0.5 of growth. In addition to your point around blood actually declined in the U.S., high single-digit. And so despite the sales of the Zika and so forth, it was still down and so that is actually depressing the overall diagnostics business and if you strip that out the business would be a lot better in the U.S.
Bob McMahon: Yes. And the other thing is Scott, when you're looking at -- when you're modeling our surgical business typically the fourth quarter -- calendar quarter, which is our first quarter is the largest quarter there and you'll have a sequential decline for our second quarter that happened last year we're anticipating it happening in this year. So when you look quarter-to-quarter that's when you would see that core business sequential decline largely because of the surgical business. Now versus a year ago, we still expected to grow, but you do see that kind of step down.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Every company has -- each indication or instances is different around whether an ASR is appropriate or not. What I would say is we have -- we still look at our balance sheet and say hey, we can clean it up with the converts and simplify our balance sheet there. And I think given the short-term nature of those things getting ready to be callable. I think that's probably our first priority versus an ASR. And then, again, as Steve was talking about we're really looking at opportunities for growth as well. And so I think those would probably take priority over the share repurchase and we think that there maybe some opportunities as Steve said between now and the end of the year or year from now we would expect to be doing something in both of those cases, so that's kind of how we're thinking about that. On the margin perspective to your point, we do -- blood was a very profitable business as you know, our margins will decline. Again on a core apples-to-apples basis, we expect margin to increase year-over-year, but you would see a slight decline versus year ago on an actual reported basis. Less than probably 100 basis points given that we do have still at 4 plus months worth of blood in our business, but that kind of -- should give you a kind of a perspective.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Couple of follow-on things on that Brian, I think one of the things that's really exciting is the opportunity now that we do have these regional heads and they are going to be able to prioritize the investments across the regions rather than having the spread them across the globe and that's what those teams are doing right now and I think that actually-- we’re actually increased the productivity of the spend that's there. And then on the second piece while international is lower -- lower margin than the U.S., year-over-year, we do expect margins to expand on a global basis. So we're compensating for that.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Steve, let me add in a shadow out to our Breast Health team here in the U.S. is just doing a fantastic job around price and price discipline. So despite two competitors at a lower price, our pricing continues to now only be stable, it was actually up slight in this last quarter. I think that speaks to the value of our products that competitive differentiation that we have in the ongoing clinical and technical support that we have with our product. So I think that's one of the hidden gems that are helping to continue to drive that business. And then on tax, as you rightly assume, we do think that we will be a beneficiary of whether it would be kind of the border tax or more -- any type of corporate tax reform. There is still a lot of details to be kind of figured out there. But one thing, I think we're probably in pretty good shape given not only our geographic footprint from a revenue perspective probably even more so. So, our geographic footprint from a manufacturing essentially all of our -- almost all of our Breast Health business and diagnostics business has produced here in the U.S -- our surgical business outside the U.S., but that's obviously our smallest piece and as I said before roughly 70% of all of our COGS, M&A is out of the U.S. So I think we would benefit nicely given the potential for corporate tax reform.
Bob McMahon: Callianna, I think we're coming up on 5.30 Eastern, so I think we've got time for maybe one more question.
