Karleen Oberton: Yes, sure. So I think when you look at the second half compared to the first two quarters, certainly, the low COVID revenue are putting pressure on that operating margin compared to the first half. And I think prior to pandemic, Patrick, what is also putting pressure on those operating margins are the higher inflationary costs that we've quantified it. 200 to 250 basis points for the full year. So I think moving forward to think about low 30s is probably the right way to think about it as we move forward, like you said.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, the contribution really wasn't that significant, probably less than 200 basis points in the quarter. I think when we compare it to Q1, we had that full calendar week, which drives the service revenue which really didn't have any minimal impact in this quarter. And as we look at the balance of the year, I think it's a pretty negligible effect of extra days.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, Casey, I would just add that we've always said that we'd expect molecular to be at that high end of that 5% to 7%, if not slightly over, but overall, Dx would be within the 5% to 7%.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, we're just -- we're getting some really nice traction internationally with our surgical business, a smaller base, but like I said, some really nice traction that's helping that growth rate for sure. .
Karleen Oberton: Yes, Anthony, we haven't really -- we haven't disclosed that utilization number, but what we have said is that of the new Panthers placed since April 2020, over 85% customers globally are driving at least 1 other assay beyond COVID. And I think 55% have at least 2 other assays that are driving that utilization. So feel good about the stickiness of those Panthers, the new Panthers that have been placed.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. What hasn't changed is the chip availability. And with that increased confidence we allowed to accelerate into Q2 from the back half. So the total production outlook hasn't changed. And I think as we've always as Steve mentioned, to accelerate even here in the quarter is an uptake on our service, our field service engineers to do those installs. So like we've said all along, we don't think we'll have any outsized quarters as we move through this recovery. And certainly, cancellations are at a minimal level and that backlog is still really strong.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I mean really strong performance. If we think about growth year-over-year, that non-COVID respiratory more than doubled versus prior year in the quarter. But what we are planning conservatively is a significant step down in Q3 and Q4, given the seasonal nature of the respiratory infections. But this continues as the flu seasons in the flu season, we're seeing really nice uptake in growth in that business.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. We're really pleased with the performance in that uptake and our full year outlook would be that, that would be over a $100 million business. Clearly, 1 of our top women's health assays and think there's still room to grow there. So really excited about that uptake and what we can do there with our customers.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So just on the chip issue itself, I don't -- increasing availability was not the direct result of demand dropping other sectors. It is more of our partnerships with our suppliers and having them understand what we're using the chips for and how important they are and really working closely with them versus other sectors, demand declining. And sorry, you had a second part of that question.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. The only thing I would add internationally for molecular diagnostics is our viral business, specifically in Africa continues to have really nice double-digit growth as we make investments there to help that region.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. Let me start with the days, Vijay. So we have, I think, 1 less day in the fourth quarter. So really negligible impact in the back half of the year when we talk about selling days. And again, here in the second quarter, a little bit of benefit, but not to the extent that we had in the first quarter given the full calendar week and how that impacts our service line. . And let me try to answer your M&A. I think what I would say is a couple of things, as we said in the prepared remarks, our philosophy and approach hasn't changed. Division-led, very active, probably some rebuilding over the past year in diagnostics of the pipeline, given the level of acquisitions we did in 2021. But we're approaching it from a position of strength. Our aperture is a little wider, given our firepower and that we can look at some things that may be a little bigger than we've done in the past. But certainly, those things we're looking for mature on product -- on market products and accretive to earnings. So not looking for a fourth leg of a stool that just to leverage our strengths and capabilities that we have across our current businesses.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So our vaginosis panel, as we said, we really like the performance that we're seeing. The outlook would be that, that's greater than $100 million for 2023 and really put that as 1 of our top assay. Women's health was still market leaders in protecting that market leadership. And as Steve said, one of the kind of the secret sauce that's underappreciated in how we do that is our physician sales force that's out there educating physicians on guidelines, promoting testing, and certainly where we saw a change in guidelines about two years ago where it's more universal screening. We're helping grow our business as well as our customers' business with acquisition sales force.
Karleen Oberton: From an M&A perspective, certainly, some of the recent deals we did -- we acquired companies that were based overseas, but Mobidiag, the biggest 1 would have potential revenue from the U.S. and OUS over time. And then we do have our GoDirect strategy, primarily in our breast health and we've done a little in surgical, where we've, in the past, leverage dealers. And what we find is when we go direct, those businesses perform better as part of Hologic than on a stand-alone basis. But certainly, as a global organization, we look at acquisitions around the globe, not just in the U.S.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think overall, Patrick, our strategy remains the same, which is being patient, diligent and active. And I think our focus continues to be leveraging the capabilities and strengths that we have and leveraging the existing sales channels. So bulking up the businesses that we have makes sense. We are considering widening the aperture to consider larger deals, but frankly, those would be things with more mature earnings profiles and still be accretive to growth. So each of the divisions has some pretty nice pipelines. We've also because the core business is doing so well, again, I think it gives us that ability to be patient because we don't have to do anything. And so it's this magical combination of we can afford to be patient. We've got a lot going on, but we'll continue to see where it goes.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Casey, I think it was kind of more of a onetime bump here as it now gets very steady. I think we feel really good about our visibility frankly, not just through '23 but into '24, and we continue to manage this for the long haul. We had to run a little extra over time for some of our service people with the extra installs, and I think we'll be at a really good rate here going forward.
Stephen MacMillan: Longer term, not necessarily. We always just want to be careful not to get ahead of ourselves. I think clearly, in the short term, and what we aspire to be is certainly better. And clearly, what we're putting up right now is great. Now it's going to be much tougher clearly when we start bumping up against 24% comparable levels, then growing that in that 5% to 7% on top of those numbers. cumulative is going to be a lot better off than frankly, when we gave the guidance. So in fact, in some ways, it actually is much higher, but we don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves on that number.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, Anthony. I think it's probably more the market coming back. And combined with Surgical was weaker in this quarter a year ago because of the Onton surge. And I think the I go back to a year ago where people were kind of picking at gee, surgical might not be as strong or whatever else, and it was back to. That was a market dynamic, and I think now there's probably some catch-up going on procedure-wise as you're hearing really across the med tech space. And having said that, I think we feel really good about how we're performing among that, both with our existing businesses and frankly, having the broader portfolio that you referenced.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think we are as excited, if not more excited about the growth potential, probably more excited even, I would say, Liza today than when we acquired the business. The team that we have there is great. As you mentioned, we've now brought the lab over from nearby we've consolidated into our San Diego facility. And I think we're realizing that the penetration of this opportunity relative to the full market is still in the very low single digits. So there's potentially a lot of runway. We've been putting in more automation, frankly, just to make the ordering systems easier and other stuff. And I think we're really excited. It's clearly growing very accretive to the growth rate of the division, and we think will be for -- that's 1 of those for years to come.
Stephen MacMillan: Liza, I think this is 1 we've been incredibly excited under the leadership of Essex Mitchell, who's been running that business now for the last few years. he's dramatically strengthened both the U.S. business as well as we've made a couple of those great acquisitions of Acessa and Bolder. And so we are seeing some really nice growth. I still think this quarter, may have been a little bit of procedural catch-up in the overall market. So we never -- as you know, we never want to get too far ahead of ourselves, but we love the team that we have there now. And as Karleen said, and you can see in the press release, the growth rate internationally now for Surgical is really, really doing well. We're north of 30%. And I think in this quarter, close to 40-ish and that's starting to become meaningful. So I think our -- as we sit here today and think about another growth driver for this company, Surgical is definitely in there.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Truthfully, I think we feel good about all three of the businesses as we go into the back half of the year. I mean, obviously, it's -- the biggest thing is it's 1 reason we wouldn't get ahead of ourselves and start to raise guidance and long-term expectations when we're going into that exact uncertainty that you're referencing. But the fundamentals of each of the businesses, I think we feel really good about.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Let's start at the highest level. There is no doubt in our minds that more frequent co-testing is still the absolute best health care for women. There are anecdotal increases that we're starting to see upticks in cervical cancer screening since the intervals have gotten longer. And frankly, there's enough data out there that is co-testing is significantly better than HPV primary alone. So while there are those advocating for that and USPSTF could do that. It doesn't make it the best science. And I think where we feel really, really good. And as you know, in our tagline is the science of sure. We feel it's our responsibility to bring the best care to women around the world, and we're going to continue to drive for co-testing as the right way to go. So -- and frankly, I think most of the -- certainly, most of the U.S. doctors are well aware of that. And even if the USPSTF does something to change those guidelines. We think that will be slow to change because of the remarkable success of the PAP test in largely almost eliminating cervical cancer screening over the last generation or two particularly in the U.S. So it's something we feel very strongly about, and we believe time and the science will be on our side. Having said that, there's going to be pressure. There's deep pocket pharmaceutical companies that want to try to drive to HPV primary. But we feel really good about the science on our side and that our business will be more durable.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Jack, I think the fundamental reality on COVID is none of us have been able to predict more than a quarter out going. I think, if anything, our expectations for next year might be a little bit less I think we're certainly starting to see it start to ramp off a bit. And yet, what we feel really good about is those that are still going to do it, we'll be using us. I think there'll still be usage at the hospital levels for admissions, for staff, those kind of pieces. So I think we're still going to have some ongoing business, but we're still having it this quarter. But I think clearly, you see it coming down to just a few percentage points of the total business at this point. And it's hard to fully predict certainly by the time a guidance next year will be more up to date. But it certainly looks like it's falling off pretty sharply at this point, which keep down for our company and getting on with it and letting people look at the true transformation of the business, we kind of like but a little bit of that profit flowing through isn't bad either.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. That business has been a great business. When I arrived here 10 years ago. The -- that was the big part of this division. That was most of it, and Myosure was this little thing. And it's been fun to see MyoSure come up. But I think our team has done a great job of really trying to maintain NovaSure in the midst of all kinds of both market issues from the ACA Act and everything else and just continue to bring innovation, and it's still a great procedure. So I think the overall procedural numbers, that marketplace probably continues to be a low single-digit decliner. But I think we do -- we're doing well within that from a share and an innovation standpoint.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. And the other part was just -- we're being conservative. I think we're managing for the long haul here, too. We're very much thinking about 2024 and what things look like there. And I think this is already a really, really good year, and let's get ahead of ourselves.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think the first part, Andrew, really is -- I think it's the given gem of our company that doesn't always get as much attention, but is that dedicated physician sales force that we have within our Diagnostics business, that's really unique. It's an extra investment from our end, but it is having our reps that call on the physicians and really help educate them, both about the guidelines and including the changing guidelines where we've gone to effectively the need to opt out. So you're getting more screening earlier. And we're -- it allows us to partner with a lot of the major labs and even hospital systems where they value that education that we do. And it helps us both shape but also build markets. When you look at really what Hologic has done, and I think we've been pretty good about it across our businesses, we've helped create a lot of markets through physician education. I mean, if you go back to the original Pap test and thin prep and what we did there, what NovaSure and MyoSure have done, and we're doing it a lot in diagnostics, certainly through the STIs. And to the second part of your question on international, I think, again, by placing so many Panthers internationally, it's allowed us to have more of those discussions and start to get some of that menu in around the world as well and then hopefully able to help educate and shift guidelines in those countries over the years ahead as well.
Stephen MacMillan: No. I mean, there's been so many various court cases between state, federal, all kinds of, frankly, goofiness going on in the political and court systems right now. we tend to think here, things will prevail and be fine over time. So we're not going to react any 1 thing that could easily get overturned again.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think the implication for the second half is still much better than the numbers you just mentioned the -- we're still saying double digit here in the third quarter and likely fourth. So I think -- I don't think it was pull forward, Vijay, to be very clear. I do think the GynSurg market probably like some of the ortho markets and some of the other markets, some of the docs may have been doing more, what I would call catch up. So I don't think it's as much pull forward, but they're catching up from the last few years not maybe doing as many procedures as they could have. So I think will that same quarter a year from now, maybe not be quite as active yes, but I don't think it was any kind of pull forward per se. I think it's more catch-up. And I think we just feel great about our surgical business, we have added more growth drivers. I think, again, it's been kind of missed in the COVID spikes. I think it's the business that's been most overlooked because of the way the COVID spikes were happening. And just really proud of what that team is doing and we've added Fluent we got MyoSure and NovaSure doing well, and then we've got Bolder and Acessa. And we've got that business getting stronger internationally.
