Robert Cascella: Thanks, Glenn. Well, in summary, we're obviously pleased of the overall performance and our solid year-over-year growth in many of our businesses. Our results were strong across the board in Breast Health and we're thrilled to have the Dimensions 3D product approved. Obviously, I'm very excited to be able to go to market with that technology. Surgical, again, grew strongly on a year-over-year basis as Adiana adoption is accelerating. We're excited that we have formally kicked off our DTC marketing campaign for NovaSure and look forward to near-term revenue gains on that product as well. And in addition, the MyoSure product rounds out our surgical product portfolio. Diagnostic is admittedly challenged by difficult U.S. trends for ThinPrep but Cervista continues to gain traction. In addition, we continue to generate considerable cash flow, as Glenn indicated, which is enabling us to fund our long-term growth initiatives. And finally, we are delivering on objectives of solid organic growth, making strategic tuck-in acquisitions and growing our international presence. In closing, we have much to accomplish in the second half of this year, with supporting the rollout of our Dimensions 3D product, making the most of our DTC investment and continued strives in our Molecular business, just to name a few. We are optimistic about our prospects and believe there are multiple product lines positioned for strong future growth. We're bullish about the strength of our expanding portfolio and our key initiatives for the balance of this year and beyond. I'd like to thank you all for dialing in to our conference call and I'd now like to turn the call over to our operator for 30 minutes of Q&A. Thank you very much.
Robert Cascella: No. I think that -- it's a great question, Bill, and I think we're taking a fairly conservative attitude, as we always have, and really taking it on a quarter-by-quarter basis. As Glenn indicated in our guidance, we believe that Diagnostics will probably end up flat on a year-over-year basis with growth in Cervista and our international business outweighing some of the erosion in the domestic business, which we believe is also stabilizing. I think that we have some unknowns with tomosynthesis in terms of market adoption, so we're being cautious about that. And we all would like to see great strides with our DTC success. So we're being cautious about that as well. So I think what you're reading in the numbers is one about cautious optimism and I don't think there's any hidden fact in that.
Robert Cascella: So miscellaneous code carries no financial amount to it. What typically happens is if a provider uses the miscellaneous code, then there's a correlation to an existing exam that, that provider then uses when submitting for reimbursement. It's a crossover or crosswalk to an existing code of some amount. So let's assume for a moment that there is a similar imaging encode that perhaps reimburses that $50 or $75 to payroll and make a decision as to whether or not that is fully reimbursed or some percentage of that additional code was then reimbursed. So the miscellaneous as a standalone does not have an economic value to it.
Robert Cascella: Yes. There will be a probable range of codes that will be correlated with his miscellaneous code and it will be done on a provider basis. Our managed-care folks will help them but it is very, very early on to know what will be cross correlated.
Robert Cascella: Yes. And I think that you refer specifically to the notion that if somebody bought a 2D Dimensions recently, they would probably be likely candidates to now upgrading to 3D capability. And I think the reason why we thought that probably would not be the case is that if a site was just now converting to digital, would that really be a likely site to now, in addition to just recently converting to digital, go 3D mammography? It seems not likely to it. Now having stated that, we have some very attractive leasing programs on tomo upgrades and some other financial packages that do make it look appealing. I think the issue maybe one of reimbursement at that juncture but I think we today, if we would still stick with our earlier opinion, that the majority of Dimensions 3D that are going to be sold are going to be sold as completed systems.
Robert Cascella: It's pretty -- I mean, right now, we're still early in this process, Tycho, it's difficult to get our arms around it. I mean, I think in another quarter or two, we'll have a pretty good handle on it. I mean, you're right in saying that there's not a lot domestically in terms of competition because no one else is FDA approved. Internationally, there is a product that Siemens is selling. I think they're competing primarily on price because at least today, we feel that the product probably has a lot of development things that need to get on with it. But in trying to dissect our quotes, if you will, I would say that, obviously, that this product having tomo gives us a great reason to motivate an existing Selenia user to trade in their product and it is also a reason for us to now go into competitive accounts with the product that others don't have.
Robert Cascella: On the synthetic 2D assay development project and obviously we would require FDA, we are using that from a clinical point of view in Europe, but we still have a ways to go on that product. The 5000 is really a bit of a strip version of our higher-end Dimensions product. And if you recall, what we did with Selenia was we bracketed the market with ultrahigh end, mid-tier and low end. We're doing that same thing with the Dimensions products. So we have a much more economical acquisition console without a lot of the bells and whistles of the 8000. However, it does leave the factory tomo ready. So it's still a tomo upgradable product.
Robert Cascella: Yes, I would say that we have not seen significant, if any, meaningful erosion. The market is such today that the low-end products are really at a very, very low price tag. We are competing with the likes of GE and Siemens at the low end and Fuji, so I don't see that there has been much more erosion domestically. I think internationally, there continues to be downward pressure. And it's probably because there is more competition there. And differently than the United States, where we own the installed base with a 60% to 70% market share, it's a bit more fragmented o-U.S. So we are finding that there are some competitive takeaways. But I don't see it as predominant. Not yet here in the states. I think that obviously changes when more vendors got approval of tomosynthesis and we'll be taking the fight to 3D mammography. And I think we will start seeing some price erosion at that point.
Robert Cascella: Well, I think what we have thought was then a $25 or $30 reimbursement would be terrific. I mean, in terms of the average cost of this upgrade and obviously this being applied to every screening patient that a given center was about to do a procedure on. But I would say that, yes, I think that initially some of the external resources that we used thought that a $40 or $50 reimbursement would be appropriate. I don't think we ever got above $50 though, David. So I mean -- I think it would be -- I think, hard given that the incremental for 2D mammography, film-based mammography, with $50 to go to a digital platform and that was a product that had an ASP that was 5x what the analog predecessor was. We're talking about $125,000, $150,000 software upgrade on a $300,000 or $350,000 gantry. So it would be difficult to try to justify that $50 again for that incremental increase.
Robert Cascella: Sure. It's interesting. I think that everyone wants to be first in their -- on the block with a new technology. I think it's a little early for us to see the effects of this yet, but all that we can do is look from an analog or data point of all of this was the conversion of film to digital. There were, literally, cities around the country that did not convert until one main site within that city, in fact, did convert and then like dominoes, everyone realized that they were going to lose business if they did not. We believe that over time, that will happen with tomosynthesis. We think it will clearly take time for that to happen. And what I mean by that is broader adoption, a more stable and permanent reimbursement. So that's why we are being realistic in terms of what we think this trajectory is. And then when we initially said we think there's 500 to 700 accounts that will buy this kind of a product without reimbursement or without permanent reimbursement, we still believe in that number. But we're talking about 9,000 MQSA sites and in order to get that kind of traction, we're going to need these two other elements of clinical validation and reimbursement in place for that to happen. But once that starts, that takes away the argument as to why you wouldn't buy it and then it becomes a competitive dynamic as to why you have to buy it.
Robert Cascella: On the lead times, there really is not a significant lead time difference on this product. So we're quoting depending on backlog, 30 to 45 days. So it's nothing extraordinary. I mean, we build through a build plan, we think we know what our expectations are for the next quarter and so on and so forth. So it is not a -- we're not struggling like in the old days with Selenia where we had manufacturing issues. That is not the case on this product. I mean the biggest gaining item on tomosynthesis is really training because it is, in addition to clinical applications training, synthesis training, we are also doing physician training. So we are literally teaching radiologists how to interpret tomo images. And that's not we. That is, our clinician partner is teaching or they are teaching physicians or radiologists on how to interpret these new 3D images. So that is a significant commitment on our part. And in fact, it's probably much more of a gaining item than service or production.
Robert Cascella: I think there's a variety of different alternatives in that the use of a miscellaneous code with the ability to then cross correlate it with an established code is certainly one that will likely be used by more than those that are going to a patient pay. But having said that, there are some centers that are looking at this from a patient-pay perspective for just the tomo portion of the exam because they believe that there is obviously a strong attraction to a technology that can clearly be marketed as superior to 2D digital mammography. So it is a little bit of a mixed bag relative to what their preferences are in billing.
Glenn Muir: Thanks for the question. The strategy is to continue to benefit from the iconic nature of the ThinPrep brand in the laboratory and work off the sort of molecular space that we have, which gives us a great substrate to bring new products. The new products are in the STD arena, specifically CT/NG, as well as the automation. I think as you heard Rob say, we're pleased to get that submission to the FDA and now just eagerly await their approval so we can get that automation into the marketplace, allowing us to expand our reach in that market.
Glenn Muir: Well, I think I'd like to add a little bit to your first question as well and I didn't want to overlook international, but we also see strong growth coming from the international markets. And that's really broadly based across the three product lines. In terms of other products, it's just a little early to shed any light on that but I will tell you, we have a robust process in place to understand where the best opportunities are that we can leverage our position. So more to follow on that but at this point, just a little too early to share anything.
Glenn Muir: I would say that what we experienced last year in terms of a fairly dramatic decline in the second half of the year had a lot to do with the economy and unemployment. When we look at the results of interval expansion today, we think that the trend is certainly much more linear, not as severe, and probably impacts the business on an ongoing basis at a rate of maybe 2% to 3%. And that's not what we're experiencing this year because we're in a recovery. So I think although we recognize that we're going to see interval expansion, we don't feel that the decline is going to be more severe than that over the near term.
Glenn Muir: Yes, good question, Isaac, and I think that it is definitely stimulating sales of Dimensions 2D because the reality of tomo is now in the market. So the customers that were on the fence about buying a Selenia or some other manufacturer's product are buying a Dimensions product today. I don't think that the stragglers that are at the very end of this level of market maturity are the primary targets, although there are some of those that are interested in buying Dimensions even though they are late to the digital conversion. It is primarily accounts that are interested in having leading-edge technology. These are people that already have digital and want to buy a tomosynthesis unit or want to replace their units with product as tomo capable. And I think we're seeing that domestically but I think we're also seeing that on the international front as well.
Glenn Muir: I'll answer those, please, but second part first. With respect to ThinPrep, we feel very confident that it is not a share loss, either here or abroad. In fact, there's a lot to-ing and fro-ing in that market but all of the market data that we've seen, we are maintaining share. With respect to Cervista and our growth, we have not given specific numbers but what I have done is try to express that on a percentage basis and on an annual basis, or year-over-year basis, it is growing at a very compelling rate, at which 80% over the second quarter of the prior year. Admittedly, that's off a small base. So we are garnering a lot of interest, but I think up to this point, we've been focused at the low- to mid-tier labs. And I think with the introduction of our HTA product, I think it broadens our market opportunity as well.
Glenn Muir: That's great. To respond to the first question, I think that not only Hologic, but I think some of our contemporaries in the imaging field are seeing some relief on capital budget. I think even in the MR/CT markets and so on and so forth. So we are seeing, certainly not 100% recovery, but we are seeing dollars freeing up. It is much more about the fact that tomo was a mid-year approval, budgets did not reflect this investment, so there's a lot of scurrying around on the parts of our customers to either find money for tomo, look for some alternative financing or wait for the next budget period. With respect to profiling who these customers are, surprisingly, it is a lot of for-profit imaging centers that are looking at tomo as a way to have a competitive advantage in their marketplaces. So from a regional or community perspective, they want to be first, they want -- some would like exclusivity, which obviously is not possible and believe that there is -- not only is this clinically powerful, but it is also a marketing benefit for them to have it. Now on the flip side, all of the researchers look at this from the advancement in the technology, but quite frankly, those are going to be the guys that have a much tougher time getting budget dollars. So if we look at the 300 -- or the 600 quotes, I should say, it's really difficult to profile other than to say that I would take a guess that probably 50% to 60% of those are going to be sites that clearly our for-profit imaging centers that are looking to the benefits of the technology, believe they can get near-term reimbursement and the balance are the university settings, early adopters that are buying it because they also wanted to research in addition to commercial cases.
Glenn Muir: Jayson, it's Glenn. Yes, the 47% was based upon revenues. So it is true that what we're seeing in the Dimensions line is -- what we expected was a higher ASP for Dimensions over the Selenia product. So this is, I think, a positive as we look to the future on how it will impact our gross margins, is that the Dimension line, especially the 3D, has a much higher gross margin than the Selenia line at the lower end. So this quarter, we had 47% of the revenue was Dimensions. Last quarter, in Q1, it was 37% and the quarter before that was 14%. So it's been a pretty significant shift to the Dimensions line itself.
Glenn Muir: And Amit, it's Glenn. If we think about the guidance for a moment, it's obviously a moving target as we move forward in the quarter and we do have a little bit more clarity and what we increased for guidance this quarter was number one, the revenue side of things and number two, the gross margin side of things as we see a pickup to our higher-priced product mix. At the same time, we also increased what we think our operating expenses will be. So that brought down the overall EPS a little bit. But what we had, I think, clarity on mostly was in the Breast Health segment. And if the play between the Sentinelle MRI coil and also the new Dimensions product line. So we're seeing some increases on the Dimensions 2D as we would expect and then beginning on the 3D side. But if we think about those 600 quotes, and we're quoting, we can deliver those as quickly as possible, that's really not the issue. When we quote delivery time, it's really the customer, when they'll have room readiness, when they'll have their physicians and technicians trained, when they'll have it in their budget, when they're ready to go. So as we think about guidance for the next two quarters, we still have really just a very small minimal number for the 3D tomo. It's really driven by the 2D Dimensions and we're really expecting 3D tomo to kick in, in the 2012 timeframe. That being said, that is the piece that helped the Breast Health move up to the mid-single digit when we look at it in totality.
