Robert Cascella: Thank you, Glenn. To wrap up, I too am once again extremely pleased with our results. We remain steadfast in our commitment to deliver the finest quality products in the world and uncompromising when it comes to exceeding customer expectations. All Hologic associates believe this to be our mission and I am convinced it remains our greatest differentiator in the marketplace.  Lastly, I would be remiss if I did not emphasize that our longer term view on the growth prospects of our Hologic is optimistic given the strength of our technologies, our market leadership, the size of the addressable opportunities we serve and our strong financial position. This now concludes our opening remarks. We’ll be happy to answer any of your questions. Operator, please open up the call for Q&A.
Robert Cascella: I think that as we had talked about earlier, we think that the market stabilizing a bit, but it’s the demonstration which is the last two quarters and there are some anomalies. One quarter was our fourth quarter and the next was that it was the end of a calendar year and there was a lot of year end budget buying, so I think Q2 will be a good barometer in terms of understanding whether or not we really do have a trend, but we are certainly see good quarter activity, strong order activity. With that, I think relative to pricing we’re still penetrating the lower end of the market so ASP’s as a result of that product mix still have downward pressure but as I indicated in part of my talk, as we sell more product into the replacement market, our view is that they are fully configured Selenga’s or 2D dimensions products which will increase our mathematically calculated ASP, namely our ASP’s will start to nudge upward. We don’t see that as being significant this year but we do believe that the volume of it would be necessary in order to hit the higher end of our guidance. It has much more to do with the unit volume of the number of mammography systems sold versus a dramatic change in our ASP’s.
Robert Cascella: There are ongoing conversations but they are with some of the new folks that have been assigned to the X-ray products, now part of the in-vitro diagnostic group. I think we’ll know much better over the next couple of months relative to how stable the organization is, but it is our hope with this latest round of changes in the FDA that we’ll have some consistent personalities that we’ll be dealing with over this next year.
Robert Cascella: If I said yes to all of those it would be truthful. There is not one number. I think if you look at our expectations in NovaSure, we think that’s a significant market opportunity that is $1.5 billion to $2 billion in terms of the addressable market that has yet to be penetrated. We feel similarly about Cervista as well so when we look at those annuity businesses, we think it’s realistic to be in the low single digits. I think the other parts of our businesses that are more mature like our Diagnostic business, we’re happy with low single digit growth in that business and it happens to be a significant business. So on average it will pull the growth factors down on the company, but on our emerging opportunities we believe low single digits are most realistic.
Robert Cascella: Right now it’s probably right around 5%. We think that will steadily grow but will still be in the single digits. I think that what we have talked about in the past that in order for us to normalize a replacement market which means it will be 10% to 15% of the install base, it’s probably 12 to 18 months out and that is our estimate.
Robert Cascella: On the Breast biopsy front, with the exception of MammoSite which is part of that business unit, the business is growing somewhat fairly consistently somewhere between 15% and 20% a year. We don’t give our updates on any of our litigations so unfortunately I’ll have to defer on that.
Robert Cascella: The high risk market as we’ve talked about on a couple of previous calls, it’s a little tougher sledding, changing the medical practice with that. I would still say that although we’ve made some progress the majority of the growth that we are seeing is still coming more from signs and symptoms. We’ve talked about it being heavy lifting on the at risk market but we continue to spend extra focus back in L&D and continue to make sure we’re getting signs and symptoms, although we are pleased with where we’re heading and we continue to see the product grow and we’re pleased with where it’s heading on a year over year basis.
Robert Cascella: The only other company that is selling a Tomo product right now in Europe is Siemens and we’re not really seeing a lot of their sales activity. In the cases where they are in a competitive situation, they’re offering it up and they’re offering it up at a relatively low price, but I think much of that has to do with the product not really being ready yet, so they are fulfilling the desire or need on the customer’s part for a Tomo product but fully knowing that they have a way to go for that product to be clinically viable. So we are selling it to research and in the private sector and we’re selling the fully functioning product that we think is garnering some good clinical support.
Robert Cascella: We think that there are many markets, namely one as significant as China that represents good growth opportunities for us in the future. Right now it’s probably our second largest ThinPrep market, quickly becoming our largest, and in addition to that, we believe with the appropriate amount of infrastructure that we can also provide a digital mammography offering for that market to penetrate into the ultra low end. Those are things that we have not done thus far, but that’s clearly one of our intentions. So what we are looking at is their significance and building product in country and providing that as a basis to serve those local markets. But clearly it is an opportunity and it is an opportunity that is happening probably over the next three years.
Robert Cascella: We’re going to get down the path of something. We’ll have a CP&G offering and in terms of some of the other things that we’ll be focused on, it’s probably improving upon the current Cervista test more than even a string of other in-vitro diagnostics or electro-diagnostics. I think there’s a lot that we can improve upon; not just test results but the efficiency and work flow and that would probably be a resource drain as we look out the next three to five years.
Robert Cascella: I think as we reported in the summary, we had three things that really contributed and I’ll put them in ranking order. One is Cervista sales led, followed by unit volume internationally and then followed by Imager penetration. We have had a couple of quarters in the last five when we announced record ThinPrep volume sales worldwide. We had a very, very strong quarter; however it did not eclipse the highest quarter we’ve had. It was actually our second highest. So I think what we’re comparing is a unit volume that is not to its highest point that its been offset by three products that performed very favorably for the quarter.
Robert Cascella: The products were released at the end of the year so it is still very early on, and what I would say it has done, is continued to open more doors to have more meaningful conversations.
Robert Cascella: I don’t know if they stumbled. I think we stayed pretty steadfast relative to focusing on share and I think we’ve been running somewhere north of 60%. I think we’ve maintained or perhaps nudged a bit up on that. We are consistently winning on all of the deals that are being presented to us, so I am so sure that we are losing some that we aren’t aware of, but feel pretty confident that the product has been doing well and we are highly competitive at this point.
Robert Cascella: I think one of the things that we have been focused on is how do we assist in the Surgical Services side, namely anaestheology and we are looking at ways of support or partnering an anaestheologist and GYN surgeons really around the county, but we are watching very limited pilot programs in selected markets to test our hypothesis that that is a driver on further adoption and market growth. In markets where that growth has occurred naturally, our office penetration is double that of what the national average is. So we think that the test case would certainly give a strong indication that we want to continue and further that level of support. I don’t think it’s a tremendous amount of money for us to do it but it will invariably create, it will cause us to have to put some dollars to work. Our goal is to try to create reference centers around the United States.
Robert Cascella: For MammoSite specifically, we’re looking at gaining back some market share incrementally over the course of this year. I don’t know what that specific numbers are given the newness of the product and our requirement for a lot of extensive training. The feedback has been excellent. I think it obviously meets all of the criteria necessary for both reimbursement and clinical adoption, but quite frankly it’s just a little early for us to tell at this point.
Robert Cascella: Well, the wrap up, I once again am extremely pleased with everything that’s happened in the quarter. I really appreciate that everyone is joining in, all of the questions and with that we’ll end our call for this evening. Thank you very much.
Glenn Muir: As it relates to international, we don’t get a huge benefit there because we’re not manufacturing and selling. We’re really producing most of the product here in the States or in Costa Rica and transferring it back to the States, so we don’t get the same benefit of an international rate.  Our international sales are still pretty low. As it relates to the R&D credit, that’s not reflected the full year but the first quarter. 
Glenn Muir: The Surgical side on margin is volume related. If we think back to the transfer of that product just about a year ago to the new facility in Costa Rico there was certainly start up and production costs we had to absorb. I don’t think we’re there yet. We’re certainly not at the type of absorption we think we can be at in the future especially as it relates to the start up of Adiana, but that’s being offset by greater improvements on the NovaSure side. So Surgical is another bright spot when we think about margins going forward.
Glenn Muir: I think when we thing about, we were looking more at the year when we think about our guidance, and I appreciate that we did in fact beat guidance I think by $0.03 in Q1, and it’s not that it doesn’t translate into higher EPS for the full fiscal year, but rather we’re still in an early stage of looking at the full fiscal year and we’re trying to move the full fiscal year EPS needle forward, so we’re trying to rebalance the remainder of the three quarters.
Glenn Muir: On the term loan, we’re expecting right now to have that paid off by the June quarter, so within the next two quarters. And beyond that the cash flow use for the remainder of the year is really to build up our cash balance. We really haven’t addressed the use of our capital allocation as we go into 2011, but we do recognize that that convert will come due in December 2013. The challenger there though it’s fairly low cost debt for us so we’re not rushing to pay it off.
