John W. Cumming: Thank you, Glenn. Today's Hologic platforms and products are unique to the industry, which together, will drive organic growth and strong free cash flows. While in the past, we have focused our cash flows on fueling growth through transformative acquisitions, our clear direction going forward will be on maximizing the value of our existing assets and technologies. We intend to utilize our free cash flow to pay down debt and we are evaluating ways to distribute capital to shareholders, as we have spoken on this call. I look forward to updating you on our progress and providing the additional details on our new vision for the future of Hologic on our next call. Lastly, I'd like to thank our incredible team of highly passionate associates. Making a difference in the lives of women is what drives us. It permeates every aspect of the company and is the fabric that binds us together. I want to thank them again. And with that, we'll ask for questions.
John W. Cumming: Well, if I worked for CMS, I'd probably have the best answer for you. The reality is that we don't know. I can tell you on a today basis that, through private payers, there's a range of anywhere from $30 to $70, and that's from a pretty broad cross-section of major insurance companies across the country. Where CMS goes, I can't tell you that. But there is a lot of data that they can look at because of discussions with payers, with discussions of women's groups, etc. The timing again is -- it's really in their hands. I'll be going to Washington, as I said in my script, and talking with the stakeholders that have certainly helped us, and that is the women's groups. There are congresswomen and men and senators in both parties that are firmly behind us, because they've looked at all these clinical papers and they see the benefit to it. Obviously, we're optimistic. But we -- I just can't put a date in it on what I have today.
John W. Cumming: Well, we'll let Roe answer the first one on ThinPrep and you are correct on the second one. But go ahead.
John W. Cumming: Well, I don't think that we want to sell anything that -- for less than we paid and we have not certainly made any decisions in -- with that regard. Tycho, we're going to look. There's going to be full-blown presentations by the key leaders in the businesses. Obviously, today we made an announcement installing Roe and David to run our 2 core businesses. And they are going to assemble their team this week, next week. They're putting together their strat plans, which were already in progress for 2014. And we're going tick and turn every one of the numbers, and we're going to look at the R&D pipeline and where it's going, what is commercially the most viable products to invest in. Obviously, we look at OpEx, but we're looking at where we can drive revenues over the course of the next 3 to 5 years, what we've done right, what we could have done better. So it's going to be a full analysis of every product that we have and what its value is as part of our entire portfolio.
John W. Cumming: I really can't. This has been at -- the board has handled this themselves for the past year and we have a meeting with them in September, where this is going to be reviewed. They have brought in outside experts to work with them on this. And at that point in time, we'll be going through this with them. But everything is going to be aligned, as I said in my talk.
John W. Cumming: Thank you. Well, I've been here for, I guess, almost 12, 13 years. And every year, it's a 1-year contract. So it's no different this year than any other year. So I'm pleased with that. If I do well, then I'll be here for the year after that. But it's certainly, you're here at the board's will. I think that there is going to be a lot of -- there's no doubt there's going to be a lot of work ahead of myself and David and Roe over the course of the next year, and we're going to do our best to get our arms around the business and make sure our dollars are spent judiciously in what's going to give us the biggest return on our investment. We're going to add people to the team, which is going to help us. Certainly, the board wants succession planning in place for all major managers, including myself, and that is going to be addressed for this year. So I think we're going to be in good shape. Again, I'm here to do the job. And as long as the board is pleased with it, then I'll continue.
John W. Cumming: Exactly the opposite. We're looking to bring in -- we have -- we've got some great products here, and to make them even greater with the team that we have, to bring in some very creative innovative people, especially in the technology area, so those are senior people. As we go through the portfolio, as we understand where the drivers are for our business, it will be, again, people on the senior team that will be added from the industry. It will be outside the company. Certainly, we look within the company and we'll promote from within because that is what every company wants to do, and we'll fill some of those slots. But we are going outside and we want people with a different perspective from like industries that can add something and give us a new slant and help us bring products to the market more efficiently, help us in the downstream marketing of these products. And so it has to be senior people.
John W. Cumming: I don't know if that was you breaking up on the phone. But to answer your question, first of all, the board and the company has made no decisions on divesting any of our products. What they've asked for is a full review. In the full review, obviously, you're establishing value and how that fits into your product portfolio. That's number one. Number two, where we're going to go over the next 3 to 5 years drives some of those decisions? But we would not announce to the Street anything that we're going to divest if we -- if, in fact, we ever did, nor that we would announce until we were going to do an acquisition. That's what all companies do unless they're going to hold an auction. So consequently, this company is not entertaining any of that. We're looking at each product and its contribution to the company, how it fits to the overall portfolio and how it's going to fit with the overall portfolio over the next 3 to 5 years. I don't want anyone in our company thinking that we're going to sell out a division from them and I certainly don't want that to be a Street assumption. But we're going to look at everything, and we're going to then determine where it fits in our strategic objectives.
John W. Cumming: Yes, certainly. You -- especially, when it comes to capital allocation, that will certainly be one of the highlights of the fourth quarter call. We also -- with our guidance that we're going to give you at that point in time, we'll be able to give you greater insight into the markets looking forward, depending on what the headwinds are. It's only a couple of months from now but -- or actually, 1.5 months, what's going to be happening. We're all facing, lots of different companies, the same headwinds. Luckily, I mean, we have -- and it shouldn't be minimized, we had a very strong quarter in tomo. We had a good quarter in Panther. We continue to see that. So those are really the highlights. What's offsetting it is when you get AUP pressure and volume reduction in the ThinPrep area just because of the extended interval. But we'll get a better look at that and we'll give you some better insight on that call.
John W. Cumming: Yes. And you might see some things in the -- classic with SAP and Oracle. You have -- as we -- as you buy a company, there are some benefits and then there's some spikes. And we're looking at that right now to see where that's going to be. I mean, we could see a blip in that for next year. But that's the only major one that I see right now.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes, no. Jack, that's right. Nick, let me see if I can help fill that in a little bit. I think our Q4 guidance is meant to provide a more realistic view, especially after our Q3 results. I mean, as you know, our Q3 results, even though we were within the range of guidance that we had provided, it was at the low end and that is not what we were expecting. So we did do a full reset for Q4. If we think about the decrease going into Q4, there's really 3 pieces to keep in mind, and 1/3 of the decrease does relate to the 3D tomo product itself. And we had embedded in our original guidance a much greater acceleration for tomo at the back end of the year, the back half of the year. We were expecting a bit stronger adoption, thinking that the clinical studies would be a little bit further along. And as Jack said, we're getting tremendous feedback on tomo itself. I think it was just slow to materialize in the back half of the year. The other 1/3, really as you mentioned, does have something to do with Panther, really the pull-through of assay sales on the Panther itself. And to a certain extent, we were expecting a faster ramp-up as labs began to adopt the Panther itself. We had a record Panther placement quarter. We're well on track for the 1,000 PANTHERs we're expecting. The assay pull-through was a little bit slower than we had originally felt it would be. And then finally, the last 1/3, Nick, would relate to the ThinPrep. I think the interval expansion is having a bit more of an effect than we originally assumed that it would have during the year. At the same time, we are seeing much in the way of competitive takeaways on that ThinPrep product. But nonetheless, the market decline is high-single digit on the product itself. Hopefully, that wasn't too much color on Q4. As it relates to FY '14, I think that's going to be something we'd be more comfortable talking about at the November call.
Glenn P. Muir: Thanks, Roe. And Isaac, maybe I could answer the second part of your question on the cash use, share repurchase and the net debt, whether it's exclusive or whether you can do both. And I mean that's a great question but -- and I wish I could be a little bit more specific. But that is what we're currently running an analysis for, for the board. I mean, that is exactly what we're looking at. I mean, our first priority is to continue to rapidly deleverage the company. And what we believe is that there will be a point in time, and that is what we're analyzing, that we can, in fact, be returning capital to shareholders. I'd like it -- I'd like to believe it could be earlier rather than later, but we do have to finish the analysis. I think what's important here though, is it's a commitment on our part not -- really not to do acquisitions. I mean I think that's what the signal here is. And for us to find better ways to use our strong cash flow, because I think that is what's really important to in Hologic and something we've always had is very strong cash flow.
Glenn P. Muir: Well, we weren't really prepared to talk about FY '14, Jason, but I think we've reset a new base for the company. I think the expectation would be for growth in FY '14.
Glenn P. Muir: We don't have -- yes, well, we -- I think we've done -- as we talked about on the cost side, I think throughout all of FY '13, we've been very successful in driving down costs with our internal cost initiatives and then second of all, with the Gen-Probe synergies. And at this point in time, we're now over $65 million in Gen-Probe synergies. So we've been successful in driving a lot of cost out of that business. It's unlikely, going into FY '14, there's anything else to drive a lower expense rate. But on the converse, there's really no big expenses that we're looking at, other than the normal operating increases.
Rohan Hastie: This is Roe. So yes -- and in answer to the question on ThinPrep, obviously, the majority of the market is here in the U.S. And right now, I think we're seeing adoption of intervals occurring at about a high-single-digit, low-double-digit rate year-over-year for the market as a whole. And I think when you look at our business, that we're not seeing a rate of decline to that extent right now, and that primarily due to share shift that we're seeing or to it taking some market share away, both at the physician level, from the physician selling efforts, but also at the lab level. We're trying to -- we're getting market share there. So we're not seeing rates quite that high right now. In terms of the international markets, it really does depend on where you are. There are headwinds in certain of our markets, for example, Belgium, Holland, United Kingdom, where you're seeing more of an adoption of HPV within the cervical cancer screening guidelines, where previously you may have had a reflex test onto cytology, where we would have double-dipped, if you will. Now that is being taken up by HPV. But then there are other markets in the world where the growth opportunity is tremendous. So for example, Latin America, Japan, and places like that, mostly China, where we see a lot of growth for those markets, where the conventional path is the test of choice for cervical cancer screening right now.
Rohan Hastie: Shaun, thanks for the question. It's Roe again. Yes, so obviously, this is an important partnership for us and we're very, very happy that we signed it and we're working with Quest. We didn't actually have that much CT/NG revenue in Quest. They did do some of it and they did very little of our HPV. They did a little bit of our Cervista testing. And obviously, they do ThinPrep. But with this agreement right now, the hope is that -- it is a 5-year, nonexclusive agreement, that the hope is that the majority of the Chlamydia and gonorrhea will be migrated over to our platforms, and then a majority of our HPV testing will be carried over as well. But CT/GC, you can expect that to probably occur and start to see material contribution from that next quarter. HPV will be a little bit slower than that just because of the time it takes to validate HPV tests. It is -- it takes longer to migrate an HPV test over than it does for Chlamydia and gonorrhea. So HPV will take a little bit more time in that regard. And in Trichomonas, Quest did very little Trichomonas testing with us. So we hope that, that will start to contribute materially again next quarter. So it will take them time to ramp up. I will tell you that we're working very hard. Our service organization is working very hard in getting instruments installed and getting ready to get the switch on over there at Quest.
Rohan Hastie: Well, Shaun, I think -- I won't speak about the specifics of the Quest engagement. But I think if we look at the market in general, I think our peer groups have alluded to this and spoken about this as well, but there is no doubt that CT/GC pricing is coming under pressure in the market right now, which is of very little surprise considering the number of vendors that are chasing that business. So I think that CT/GC AUPs will come under some pressure. I think from the flip side and the positive side for us is now having Panther Chlamydia and gonorrhea and Panther HPV. I think we're going to target that mid-volume market segment, where AUPs tend to be higher anyway. So I think any offset that -- we should like to see a little bit of the offset from the AUP compression in those higher-volume labs that is purely, purely driven by competition.
Rohan Hastie: No, it is all pricing pressure that we're seeing out there. We're holding well on our volumes. We do see a little bit of AUP uptick when we place PANTHERS over our older DTS systems. So that's positive for us from an AUP perspective. But volumes are holding steady for us as a business. The major effect is the decrease in AUP.
Rohan Hastie: I can't give specific numbers, but there will be a considerable number of instruments that one would expect, with Quest being 25% of the Chlamydia and gonorrhea testing market within the U.S. There will be a commensurate number of new instrument placements for service in that volume. And I should add that, that is really what is happening this very moment, is those instruments are actually being placed across the Quest network of testing.
