Karleen Oberton: Yes, sure. So I think the outlook would say that each quarter is roughly 30% operating margin and what you see happening is, you have the marketing expenses coming down from Q1. You have lower COVID revenue, which is a headwind, but then you have higher Breast Health revenue, which is a tailwind. So they kind of offset those headwinds or the tailwinds offset over the course of the year. And we maintain at that 30%, again, a little lower than pre-pandemic, because we have the higher inflationary costs still anticipated.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. The only thing I would add to that, Patrick, because we had some nice contribution from our respiratory assays, which will be seasonal as we move forward.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So we have, as you said, that number includes the COVID assay revenues. So I think you've attempted to take some of that up. We also have the ancillaries, which are part of that, that are elevated because of COVID. But I think certainly, we're seeing the uptake, again, with newer customers in more than COVID. As well as our initiatives like in Africa, what Steve talked about the viral picking up some nice traction there as well. I think we -- as we think about international molecular, we would think that that is going to grow a little faster than U.S. given the commercial investments that we've made there and the Panther placements.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, I would say that the margin accretion from COVID is less and less dependent on COVID as we move throughout the year and it's going to be more driven by the Breast Health recovery and certainly Q1 to Q2 lower operating expenses, which will persist throughout the year.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I mean, I think we have indicated that we'd be comfortable in a 2 times to 3 times leverage ratio that's something we talked to and supported by our credit agency. But to your point, we would continue to evaluate based on interest rate environment. But certainly, at this point we have plenty of cash and we have a credit line that we can fully deploy. So we feel like we've got good flexibility to do what we want in that event.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I mean, I think it is the Panther placements and new customers as well. I think we've talked about in our corporate presentation that of newly acquired customers, 85% are running at least one other assay and over 55% are running at least two other assays. So I think that is the value of the Panther in the menu that we have driving that growth.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. What I would say is dollar contribution is probably evenly split between the legacy platform and affluent our new innovative and then the acquisitions. But certainly, the percentage growth rate is much higher than the acquisitions building off a smaller base. But at the end of the day, I think the key takeaway is, there's not just one growth driver, there's multiple growth drivers that are driving the success of that business.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, Derek, it's Karleen. So I'll take this one. So if you think about prior to the pandemic, what I would say is, our normal operating margin was roughly 30%, 31.5%, very rich margins for our industry. I see us probably over time getting back to that level. But what I would say is, think about our 5% to 7% top line long term growth rate. We will grow EPS faster than that, so likely low double digits and that EPS growth comes from more than just operating margin expansion. It comes from higher revenue growth, as well as some things that we can do below the line. So that's how we think about our long term outlook for earnings growing faster than revenue and again anchored on that 5% to 7%.
Karleen Oberton: Sure, Derik. You're probably the only person who remembers PCA3. So I think we're comfortable continuing to be fairly patient. If I look at this overall, right? So I go back seven or eight years, liquid biopsy, it's going to be the greatest thing ever and everybody thought by 2018, 2020 this massive thing, we kept saying, look, we just don't know that there's going to be a lot of money made. So we continue and particularly in our acquisitions, everything we look at is thinking about what is the long term value creation from an earnings standpoint, not just a revenue and let's face it. As you well know in this industry as well there's a whole bunch of companies that generate a lot of top line, but no bottom line and they get great valuations when they're standalones. You try to drop those into a healthy company and where suddenly the EPS starts to get looked at, you never get that same expansion on the multiple. So I also think for all of the promise, the promise never comes as quickly as everybody thinks it's going to do. I'm still waiting for gain sharing in orthopedics to take over the full world 20 years later. And I just think as we continue to watch the space, we believe there will be winners that will emerge, but we're still letting some of those play out candidly and try to see it's not just a revenue gain or a number of boxes sold or a number of kits sold or whatever else. It really is, okay, what's our long term trajectory is how we're trying to think about these things? Thank you for asking that.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, I think we focus -- one of the important focus on innovation is patient experience, focus on that as well as machine learning, what we can do to make radiologists more efficient and certainly that's a big issue outside the U.S. where there's much fewer radiologists.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. You probably got it in multiple buckets, Patrick. Part is just a return of the Panther is being used for the core STI, most of our women's health business. You've got increasing growth in our new product launches, especially BV/CV, which is off to a tremendous start and we said we think will be a major driver of growth. And you really have -- what we kept saying over the last couple of years and it wasn't as obvious is so many of our customers around the world that we're running COVID are now putting the menu onto the Panthers. And it's really that simple and a huge part of it. And there's just a little bit of Africa and some viral stuff. But...
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Jack, just to interpolate on that point that you've noticed. We placed a lot of Panthers with so many, especially in the European countries as we responded with COVID and every one of those was coming with trailing shift over to the STI business. So I think that's a big piece of it.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, there was absolutely no flush we can tell you. We did get a little bit more supply that we we’re able to install. And candidly, Jack, we had the extra week. We got a little bit of service revenue in there, because of that extra week in the quarter. So that kind of pushed us into the growth without that extra week that would have been slightly down a bit. But we like where we're coming and we were able to kind of refurb a few more chips, got a few more chips in and we're able to get a little more product out, but we're feeling really good about where we're headed this quarter and for the rest of the year in Breast Health.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, Max. To reiterate what Karleen said, our primary goal is still tuck in acquisitions followed by share buybacks. We certainly have been opportunistic on the buybacks because we generated a whole bunch of more cash during that time and thought that made a lot sense. Going forward, we're looking across the businesses, all being led by the divisions. We're not going to get into particular scale or targets for obvious reasons. But I think what we would say is, we might go a little bit bigger on scale if it brought more EBITDA. So it will be a proportionate thought process there. But I think we're -- the biggest takeaway frankly is, we're in a position of strength where our base businesses are very strong. We don't have to go do anything. And candidly, when I think there's a lot of folks around trying to figure out what they want to be when they grow up right now. We know exactly where we're going and what we want to be and that is championing women's health and having every business going well. So it gives us the luxury of being patient and smart on the business development front.
Stephen MacMillan: Because we're running the business for the long term. And fundamentally, let's look at it. We're still bouncing off of some comps from last year where things were a little depressed from COVID everything else. We are a company that delivers and plans for the long haul and everything we've done to move up to the 5% to 7% has been very smart and we're going to continue to be prudent.
Stephen MacMillan: It's -- we continue to deliver, I can promise you, it has nothing to do with timing of revenue recognition, Vijay. The underlying business is very strong, we’re one quarter in. Think about where we were a year ago at this time. Suddenly Russia invaded Ukraine, nobody saw that coming. I've lived through the downturn of 2008-2009. We've watched the world go up and down and over the first quarter of the year. So we're going to continue to be very prudent, do not underestimate our confidence in our ability to run the business.
Stephen MacMillan: Look, clearly the comps on molecular and diagnostics will get harder in the back half. But fundamentally, what's driving it, we sort of answered this I think earlier. We placed a whole bunch of Panthers, almost 1,500 Panthers in COVID time over the last three years. We've got more customers adopting our core menu. We have our new products being launched doing very well. And those are really the main drivers, as well as a little bit of flu and a little bit of viral stuff as we've been penetrating a little more Africa.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, we worry all the time. But at the end of the day, we've also built an incredible sales force that has partnered both with the labs, but also with the clinicians. And our assays have proven themselves over time as well as do not underestimate the workflow advantages of our Panther system. And so, there's a lot of people that can talk a good game and especially let's face it. There were so many startups that all were working on stuff and then they got money in COVID time and they start talking about all their women's health assays. And it's an interesting little landscape right now. So we never take anybody for granted. We face some very formidable competitors, but we always have and we will continue to and we frankly think we continue to innovate things like BB/CV. We continue to bring new assays and new tests and new education to our customers. And that continues to provide strength for us.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. I think on Mobi, Mobi will still be pretty small this year. Mobi will hit its stride ultimately when bring it to the U.S. which is still several years away. But we love the platform we have there. On Biotheranostics, it's still very small penetration. So the reality is, clearly, it's going to be probably potentially a few hundred million, we're not sure at this point, never great at. When you're creating new markets, it's always really hard because when you go back eight years ago, people ask me, could MyoSure someday be the size of NovaSure. And at that point in time, it was hard to picture that. And today, MyoSure is way bigger than NovaSure. So I think this magic that we have where we really are creating and building markets, it's sometimes hard to fully put a number on it other than to see, we think there's a lot of runway here, a lot.
Stephen MacMillan: I think on the -- first on CapEx, we continue to stay really close to our sales teams on it. And seeing very tiny, nothing outside of historical cancellation rates, which is de minimis. On China, I think what you will see is, probably most of the hospitals in China over the last 60-ish days and probably here for a little period four are probably cutting down on normal procedures as they've been treating the COVID patients. But I think for our business, again, pretty small, but I think that's the kind of macro way I'd be thinking about China right now. And my hunch is, after the Chinese New Year and everything else, they're going to largely come back online and that will start to pick back up probably later this actual calendar quarter. I think they're going to get through it fine.
Stephen MacMillan: And Derek, I’ll put a little point on it too. I've been around this business long enough to watch either divisions or big companies or companies themselves trying to push that operating margin so far that they cut into R&D and you don't see it immediately, but over time your innovation falls. And so, we know a lot of folks want to just keep saying all -- every number go up like that. We're thinking very much as Karleen said about driving the EPS number, but continuing to invest in R&D and not try to drive the operating margin as high as humanly possible.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. We're clearly entering in Europe right now on a smaller scale. The U.S. clearance will be ultimately the bigger part. And as we said, that's probably at least a 2025-ish event at this point. So we're still a few years away as we prepare for it. And we'll certainly be able to leverage a lot of the strength that we have in the labs, especially the medium sized labs as we go into that point at that point.
Stephen MacMillan: We're always looking -- at the end of the day, we're thinking about the long term top and bottom line growth. We're very focused on ROIC, a key part of our senior leadership team comp is tied on ROIC, so we look at it on every deal. And we've watched a whole bunch of things that even if come down 80% or 90% and some of them we still don't necessarily like. So again, I think we've got the luxury of time on our side given the strength of underlying business and the strength of our balance sheet, which gives us the chance to be relatively picky around what might be out there.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think we continue to see growth certainly in our women's health assays that's been -- and it kind of got me to your second point of view. If you think about something like BB/CV/TV that we've launched, we discovered and realized about that because we're so tapped into to the key opinion leaders and starting to realize that there are other tests that may be able to be developed that we can bring to the market to bring greater levels of certainty and specificity. And I think when we have that knowledge because we surround those customers, our focused approach certainly benefits as well and I think helps us on the innovation side, the same in 3D mammography and how that's led to better biopsy stuff. And then the same in our surgical business where understanding fibroids better than anybody else and being able to innovate endometrial ablation. So we kind of surround these, call them, large niches, but it's really the insights that we have more with the KOLs that I think does provide us a level of competitive advantage. Thank you.
Stephen MacMillan: Any Breast Health innovation. I think the way to think about that is, we just continue to innovate. We've always been -- we've brought enhanced detectors, enhanced workflow solutions and enhanced imaging along the way and we'll continue that.
