Karleen Oberton: So I think from a – certainly in the US, the majority of our Panthers are running more than COVID, for sure. I think we are really pleased with the vaginitis growth, but I don't think we're going to give the absolute number at this time.
Karleen Oberton: I'd just add that our field service engineers who want to maintain the gantries and the installed base are the ones that also do the install. So there is the balancing of our own resources to that recovery as well as hospital schedules.
Karleen Oberton: Patrick, it's Karleen. Let me try to give you some insight there. So when you look at our Q4, the Breast Health revenue headwind is probably roughly 400 to 450 basis points of a headwind on operating margins. Now that – I think as that business recovers over 2023, that will come back over the course of 2023. As far as costs, higher costs are probably about 200 to 250 basis points headwind on Q4. Now that we think might persist a little longer as inflationary pressures continue. So we think we've got good line of sight to how we get improvement from where we end Q4.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would say, of the acquisitions, Biotheranostics is probably the most significant component of growth in the quarter, as we would expect that one to be…
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So what I would say is when we have a normalized chip supply, that is exactly the way to think about them in the low 30s. I'd point to our Q2 of 2020, which was 31.5% operating margin. We believe that is a normalized baseline, if you will. But, again, that recovery on the chip is going to occur over the course of 2023. We're still in that planning stages of how and when. So it won't be kind of Q1 out of the gate likely.
Karleen Oberton: I think as we said in our prepared remarks, the sales teams are hitting quota that were set prior to the chip shortage. So we haven't seen any deviation in the booking rate. And again, as Steve mentioned, no increase in the cancellation rate. So we think the business is still solid. We're not losing any share, and then it will just be, again, availability of chips in the scheduling of the installs that we'll be working on to manage through the recovery.
Karleen Oberton: So you're right, we did guide to $250 million. It was $50 million in Q2, $100 million in Q3 and $100 million in Q4. We did slightly better, like you said, about $10 million better here in Q3. I think we're holding to the $100 million in Q4, again, because that favorability, Vijay, was done by kind of blood, sweat and tears of reclaiming and recertifying circuit boards and just don't know if we'll continue to have those yields in this quarter. So we just – it's best to be conservative and that's the $100 million for Q4.
Karleen Oberton: Again, Vijay, for 2023, we're still in the planning process, budgeting process. So, not going to comment. But I would just – the only insight I would give you is that, with our partnership with the WTA, is that the expense of that is loaded into calendar 2022. So most of that then expenses – disproportionate amount of expenses in our fiscal 2022, which will be a tailwind as we get into 2023 and 2024.
Karleen Oberton: Right. We've been doing mobile mammograms well before the pandemic really to reach underserved communities, is really the intent there.
Karleen Oberton: It's pretty de minimis. And if I look at Q3, we did better than the original forecasted $100 million of headwind by roughly $10 million. So it's in the millions of dollars. And again, I wouldn't think that it's going to be the most significant solution to the challenges of supply. It's going to be getting higher allocations.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So I think beyond, as I talked about the 400 to 450 basis points is this, the higher cost of roughly 200 basis points to 250 basis points, which from a planning perspective, we don't have line of sight to that resolving, but eventually, that will resolve. And I think the other piece was some higher marketing expenses, which is probably about another 200 basis points headwind to op margin that will also abate over 2023. So we have clear line of sight back to those normalized margin levels.
Karleen Oberton: It's tracking a little bit below that, and there's two reasons. One, that 4 handle would have had COVID revenue in there that has come down. That COVID revenue was on their legacy Amplidiag platform, not the Novodiag platform. And as well as there's been some supply chain challenges. We've worked through those. And we're ramping up inventory to kind of go hard commercially at the beginning of 2023. So, a couple of choppiness here in the year, but feel still really good about what that's going to do.
Karleen Oberton: I think to Steve's earlier comments about the benefits of these acquisitions in Hologic's hand, I think our R&D teams have spent a lot of time in Finland and Mobidiag's teams have come to San Diego to really work through what that clinical road map is for approval in the US. And I think we're in a much better position of understanding of what is required for approval in the US, in that understanding based on our expertise has pushed out the time line a little. So looking now more like early 2025. But we still feel really good about that acquisition. We feel good about what's going to happen with the EU approvals that we already have here in 2023.
Stephen MacMillan: I think when we get to that point, Jack, we'll probably continue to be conservative on the COVID side. It's been such a roller coaster for the last 27, 28 months or whatever that – it's almost been hard to predict within a quarter. We've watched a quarter start strong and then it dries up. And conversely, almost like this quarter, last year, it looked like everything was gone in July and August and then Omicron thing hit in – or Delta hit in September and things started to spike up. So we've had so many ups and downs that I think we'll be cautious as we forecast it.  Having said that, I think a lot of what we've said at the very beginning continues to play out. And for those who thought the business was going to be dead when vaccines came in, 18, 19 months ago, we continue to say that we always thought this was going to leave a residual business that was probably going to be around for quite some time and might be one of our top three or four assays.  And as we sit here today in the world with Japan and a whole bunch of other countries, very high and the US, as you know, is still running fairly rampant, and we said all along, the goal of herd immunity was not going to be achieved in a mutating virus, that this thing would become more endemic and probably create an opportunity for us to have a more ongoing business. I think we would see that and full expectations as we go into next fall and winter. This thing is not burned away from the world. So there will be some business. But I think we'll certainly model it on the lower side as we go in because it's just – we can count on our base businesses. This one truly is, call it, opportunistic or it's subject – we can't put a linear forecast on it.
Stephen MacMillan: Yeah, we're not really seeing or hearing it from our customers. And I think to a large degree, it's probably dependent on what products you're offering. Ours in the grand scheme are not a huge capital outlay for the hospital systems. We're also a both revenue and patient generating – top line generating procedure for the hospitals. So I think they will certainly find it. So, I think we're not hearing it. But I would say, as always, we're going to plan a little more cautiously and would expect that somewhere over the next couple of years does – is there a little bit of contraction here or there in all likelihood if we go into a recessionary environment. The flip side is, I think we've got pent-up demand. And I think even if there's a macro slowdown, we actually believe we've got some micro benefits working that will help us power right through that.
Stephen MacMillan: I wouldn't say it's any more cautious. I think for anybody that's listened to the leaders of the semiconductor industry speak over the last six months plus, they've all been saying, look, recovery is not going to even happen throughout 2023, and it's going to go into 2024. And we're largely operating on kind of a quarter-to-quarter allocation right now. So we're at a cadence that is at least better than where it was, but I do think it's important for us to indicate this doesn't come bouncing back miraculously on the day you flip a calendar to a new fiscal year.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Clearly, our new product launches and especially BV/CV/TV, as we've talked to the vaginitis panel, is off to a very nice start. But it's kind of across the board. It's also still more customers that we sold more Panthers to during the pandemic that are now able to start to take on our core women's health assays. So, I think what's remarkable is it's fairly dispersed growth, which I think both geographically and across product lines. So, there's no one that completely dominates it. And I think that's what gives us a lot of confidence for the future.
Stephen MacMillan: On the first part of that, in terms of barriers to STIs, we did see a lot of, call it, intercity clinics and everything that either shut down or got their resources redeployed during COVID time from serving STIs and just serving their community folks really focusing on COVID. So as some of those come back, I think we feel good about hopefully the ability to get back to more screening. And as you say, there's probably been an increase, certainly, we've seen in many pockets of STIs during this time. So, hopefully, the ability to pick those up.  On the idea of home testing, there's a lot more complications to women testing themselves at home in terms of administering the test and in terms of shipping it in a proper container and everything else. So, candidly, we were approached by lots of companies in COVID time who all were convinced that they were going to be the next great savior of home testing for COVID as well as home testing for STIs that don't – we're not as sure that market is going to move nearly as quickly to home testing when you actually think about the pragmatic realities of it. And so, I think we continue to feel very good.  We continue to broaden out our own portfolios, our partnerships to be able to try to capture them. But I would not expect that market to move nearly as quickly as some companies might be hoping.  By the way, I'd also say, if it were, it's where our cash balance puts us in a really good position.
Stephen MacMillan: I think as it relates to guidelines, we continue to push for the proper guidelines. I think sometimes USPSTF and some other folks have gone too far. But in general, most of the folks, I think, are adhering to pretty sensible guidelines. And candidly, I think there's still a lot of pent-up demand. There's still a lot of women that put off their screenings during COVID time and are running behind. So I think we'll still catch up.  In terms of the mobile, we made those available here and there. It's de minimis in terms of any real impact on the business.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. We like seeing some of the valuations start to truly settle in. The fascinating part always becomes – people are always still looking at the past 52 months – past 52-week high and wanting premiums off of that, even though it's long since history. So the more time that goes by, we believe, puts us in a better position and really puts the potential sellers in a more realistic position. We feel great right now being patient and feel like – we don't see something that's going to snap a lot of these, especially earlier stage or smaller companies back. And we're looking both early stage, and we're also looking at things that bring some legitimate EBITDA in this time, but really like our position. And we're in no urgent need, given the strength of our base business, to act, which I think also just puts us in a much better place while these companies come to grips with their true realities.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. It's probably a little bit. It's so hard for us to say that these things just keep ebbing and flowing by geography. Both within the US, you see regions that move to different paces in COVID time, and certainly on a global basis, different countries. So it feels like a little bit of pent-up, but I wouldn't say that created a big bolus. I think it just more allowed a lot of the visits to come through that weren't happening before. So, I think it's a pop, but it's not like it was necessarily restrained. And again, hard to exactly know. We don't have that information from our customers or anything else. But I think it's where we just keep saying, let's keep watching these trends over time.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Our molecular business outside the US has been underdeveloped. And I think that's been one of the magical pieces of the – being able to place so many Panthers during the pandemic that we're very excited about the opportunity, really in the core women's health business, which has also been underdeveloped. So it's a combination of both the virals and the core women's health as we start to transition from some of those Panthers internationally that we used for COVID into our core business. And I think that's something we expect to be generating certainly double-digit growth internationally for quite some time in that molecular business.
Stephen MacMillan: We're continuing to look at all options. I think what we do feel good about, and as you say, Matt, we did a whole bunch of acquisitions in a relatively compressed period of time. and then really had to digest those. And I think between Biotheranostics, which is not fully integrated, we're probably slightly behind exactly your rosy synopsis here. We're integrating it into the San Diego facility and moving the CLIA lab in and all of that, but we still have a little bit of work to be done.  The same with Diagenode and Mobidiag getting integrated nicely. Boulder, Acessa, those have all been being integrated to where I would say we're getting to the point where we can certainly handle more integrations, but we're casting the net fairly broadly within our existing state of business, the existing three businesses.
Stephen MacMillan: I think they're all benefiting very nicely. If you think about what we've been able to do from a covered live standpoint within Acessa, early stages even for Boulder, our surgical sales force is dying to get their hands on it. It's been more a supply issue that we've been holding them back a little bit while we ramp up. Biotheranostics, that team, when you talk to the commercial leader of that team, very excited by what the Hologic team and breadth and marketing capabilities and everything have brought to that business as well. The Diagenode, Mobidiag teams, I think, also in Europe, very excited, particularly having to just have gone through the whole IVDR process, which was a hugely labor-intensive business now to get that behind us and really focus to the future. So I think they're all looking at us and saying, you know what, nice part is they're proud to be a part of us. I was talking to a CEO of another company recently who actually been involved in ones we bought, and he was still close to one of the members of the team at the company we bought, and he said, 'you know what, that team loves being a part of Hologic.' And that's exactly what we always want to strive for. So I feel pretty good that each of them are really fitting that bill.
