Robert A. Cascella: Thanks, Glenn. I just want to remind everyone that we're holding our Analyst Day at the RSNA in Chicago this year. Once again, that event will take place on Tuesday, November 29 and will begin at 8:00 in the morning. The agenda will really be a much deeper dive into Dimensions and a look at some of the influential data that will be coming out of the Oslo study, as well as Mass General.  Thank you very much, and we really appreciate you participating on this call. And I'd like to now turn the call over to the operator so that we can open it up for Q&A.
Robert A. Cascella: Sure. We think obviously radio cadence is an improvement. It's an evolutionary improvement for the product. We think that, that will be important, both for our international sales and here in the States. We're in discussions with the FDA around radiopaque at this point in time. So it is unclear as to what the approval timeline would be for that product.
Robert A. Cascella: We obviously do think, I think highly of the MyoSure product and the potential for it, David. So there is a component of that growth that's being related to it. Obviously we express it as a business segment versus this product line. And we have to say, there's a growth element in Adiana, and there's a growth element in NovaSure. So between the 2 kind of legacy products, if you will, and the addition of MyoSure, that's really where the upper-single digit growth number came from.
Robert A. Cascella: Well sure. And as we've stated earlier, our strategy thus far has really been to segment the market and go after the low to middle tier. We think our product, our assay, is most appropriate for that segment of the market. I think with the approval, the pending approval in HDA, we do think that, that changes the game a bit, and we believe that we would be better positioned to go after a larger segment of the market as well. So I think where this is going to shake out is that there's not going to be one company that prevails in this battle for HPV, and it's going to be software companies buying for share and the upper tier of the market is going to get a bit crowded. And I think that the load at the mid-tier of the market may be a place that we can excel. And that's where we approve, and that our product is appropriately positioned. So we'll certainly continue to exercise that while we duke it out at the upper tier of the market with the other 2 entrees.
Robert A. Cascella: The average is probably somewhere near your $40 to $50. And it's early on, so we want to be clear about that. But it's encouraging and what this does is establish a value to the tomo portion of the exam. And that's where this is going to be useful for when we do finalize a permanent reimbursement solution. So I want to caution that we don't believe this is a long-term solution. It is a way for our customers to have an interim solution that we then can also use to establish value when a permanent solution is derived.
Robert A. Cascella: Sure, I'll give you kind of a rough sketch and hopefully, this will make sense and it's one of the reasons why we've had detailed a bit more about service as well was that if you look at the business, what we see is that there's going to be some margin improvement that is going to be fueled by a higher quantity of tomo systems sold. So even the complete gantry, inclusive of tomo and not just the standalone software upgrade, we'll have attractive margins. That will drive the business relative to a gross margin improvement. Now partial offset maybe the -- as service revenues slow, there can be a negative impact on margins as a result of that. But overall, we think that the margins for Breast Health will be favorable for the year.
Robert A. Cascella: I think we're trying to stay a little bit away from the product line by product line, but I will say this that it may help is that as we look at obviously NovaSure and any of the other business in surgical, we are looking for some level of a recovery or at least stabilization in that market. And we are anticipating that. And there is some of that, that is reflected in our plan. In addition, we've added a significant number of salespeople to provide better coverage so that we can seize the opportunity going forward. So that the growth thought is one of a bit of a stabilization in the economy over the course of '12 that really gets complemented by a broader sales force that are a bigger footprint relative to our coverage.
Robert A. Cascella: I think we feel more about that impacting surgical than I would say the other businesses. I think that we see a stabilization in our domestic Diagnostics business, growth with HPV, stabilization with ThinPrep. I think the capital equipment business, as I said in my opening comments, is really a different animal and that is that it would be fueled by new technologies so the replacement cycles will lengthen them, unless fueled by something that's exciting. And we believe that tomo fuels the replacement of existing mammography equipment. So fortunately or unfortunately, there is no one answer for our 3 businesses because the 3 primary segments, because they are dramatically different. And it's really the surgical business that is most directly impacted by the sluggish economy today. And again, the reasons we gave in our opening comments and that is that it is, it is not a life-threatening procedure. It does carry a very high co-pay and a very high deductible. And as a result of that, it is much more susceptible to the economic woes than some of the other businesses are today.
Robert A. Cascella: So I think what we tried to build into the plan, I think, is really it's a bit of a conservative approach but one that is also reflective of the fact that we've added 30 sales people. So we have a brand-new product, which has a lot of leg room for growth, and that is MyoSure. And in addition to that, we've come off of a low with NovaSure, now complemented by the trailing of DTC and another 30 sales heads. But we get much better coverage just as a result of those 2 elements. So when we look at it, certainly there's no way to predict with absolute certainty where the economy's going relative to unemployment or the like, but we also believe that we hedge that with better coverage and a better emphasis on converting the leads that we're now getting out of DTC versus just focusing on awareness.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes. I think what I stated was that that's our ablation business. As I indicated, it's really a combination of there's market erosion due to some of the economic factors that I gave. But I also believe that we lost share. I believe that we lost share when we introduced MyoSure, and we got distracted relative to training, having a brand-new product in the field. And that is one thing that we are working towards to recover. And then in addition to that, I think there were some non-GEA competition that we would categorize as delaying the uptake in sales. So the combination of those 3 factors, economy, GEA, competition and non-GEA competition led to really offsetting nearly all of the growth that we think we got out of our DTC program.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I think -- this is Rob. I think when we put together our plan, we went back and we looked very deeply and seriously at the numbers that we gave out earlier about that 500 to 700 unit forecast that we thought was pre-reimbursement and as I said last quarter and I would say it again, that we feel very good about that. And that was comprised of a subset of what we think are early adopters. And there maybe early adopters from a research perspective, or they maybe early adopters from an early commercial perspective, and the reason why they want the technology is to market the benefits of it. So between those 2 elements, we think that, that carries the product through this pre-reimbursement phase. Longer term, that is not going to happen obviously. We need a permanent reimbursement in order for there to be sustained growth in tomosynthesis, and we feel very confident that as we move into fiscal '13 that happens. So as far as our numbers for '12, we feel good about them or they would not have been in our plan at this point.
Robert A. Cascella: I think it really is not so much regionally as it is about the profile of the site. And there are some very commercially oriented sites that look at tomo as a way of marketing, a bit of the sizzle behind the technology relative to its FDA claims, relative to the significance with respect to improved results and outcomes and so on and so forth. So they, I wouldn't want to -- I don't think that it is geographically focused. I think it's much more about profiling the right kind of sites and these are typically multiunit sites that are quite frankly in the business of diagnostic imaging.
Robert A. Cascella: It's a great question, and I wanted to clarify that we already have the TCT volumes. So incrementally, the volume irrespective of TCT for ThinPrep is up 11%. We actually see other than things like further consolidation in the U.S. market, which has the tendency to bring pricing down because of larger labs buying smaller. There does not seem to be a tremendous amount of downward pressure on pricing here in the States. As we branch off into new more emerging markets in different parts of the world, pricing is lower. But that is -- the dilemma there is once you've walked away from the business, or do you garner the business, but at a lower gross margin at a lower EUP. We have opted to go after that business because something is better than nothing at that point.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes. I think it's a combination of a couple of things. I mean obviously we think we do get better leverage as our revenues materialize and as our revenues grow more quickly. We also think that product mix is a big contributor. So in providing guidance, we took a maybe perhaps a conservative view on product mix, but they affect material changes in gross margin as we shift to higher margin tomosynthesis products, higher margin Diagnostic products and/or surgical. So there's really a blend in terms of the assumptions that were used in that gross margin. We believe that depending on that, combined with an uptake in revenue, could materially change the margins within that range.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes. I think let me start with that question, Tom. I think there's I guess 2 questions there. One relates to Dimensions in general and what percent of total sales that we're seeing today and it is substantial. Over 60% of our units now of digital mammography are of the 2D, 3D Dimensions. And then to further break that down, the 3D comes in 2 pieces. One is a complete system sale as part of Dimensions and secondarily, as part of an upgrade to an already existing unit. So first of all, most of our 3D tomo sales are in fact of a complete system. And we are seeing the tomo upgrades to that installed base, but it's a much smaller number than the initial full bodied 3D going out the door. At the same time, the rationale for most people on moving to the Dimensions platform is to add 3D over time. So our expectation would be to see those software upgrades kicking in the future, probably at a point in time where we get better traction or visibility on a, the reimbursement and b, the clinical evidence, the publications in the marketplace supporting the clinical utility of tomo itself.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes, well there's a couple of good questions in there, David, One having to do with DTC, and maybe I could just start to answer the DTC one first. And our initial program for DTC was over a 15-month period to allocate approximately $20 million to that program. And we're about 12 months into that program. So we've already spent close to $15 million in DTC, and we are getting a return. And it has been a positive return but as Rob indicated, not anywhere were we had hoped it would be. But at the same time, we're still seeing some of the benefits from that awareness and do expect that to also present itself in FY '12 for the first half of the year. So we're still expecting to see a continued growth in NovaSure directly related to that DTC. Now will we continue to spend at this level in FY '12? No, we won't at all. I mean a lot of that awareness is out there today and we will maintain some of the expenses to keep it going. But it will be nowhere near the level that we spent in FY '11. So then the question is where's the leverage on the SG&A side if we're not spending on DTC? And a big part of that is being taken up by the new products, the 3 acquisitions and the expenses associated with those 3 acquisitions and growing their particular market or their particular territory. So we're kind of shifting resources from the DTC to new products that we believe will help grow the top line revenue. Our revenue guidance going into the year, as I've said, was about 6% to 7% for FY '12 over FY '11. But that is basically where our breakeven is. Our breakeven on leverage is about 6% revenue growth. But I think there's a lot of upside if we think about the 3 segments and the potential in those segments. Within Breast Health, we have the upside conceivable from tomosynthesis kicking in. In the GYN Surgical, it's MyoSure. And within Diagnostics, it's both Cervista HPV and it's the TCT efforts in China. So there's a lot of positives as we look forward into FY '12. But you're correct, we have to move that revenue needle up beyond 6% to get real leverage in the business. At which point, I think we'll get pretty significant leverage. But it's still early for the year and it is still -- our guidance, I think, does reflect that it's early in the year for us to make that revenue projection.
Glenn P. Muir: Let me also add to that, if I could. Rob is absolutely right on. Breast Health as we know, because of the capital equipment nature of that business, is our lowest gross margin segment. The Diagnostic and disposable units provide gross margins in excess of 60%. So the corporate average is 61%, 62%. So within Breast Health, where we currently are today, it's in the -- just over 51% with gross margins. And I think if we look in FY '12, we're looking for upside to that gross margin as revenues continue to increase in that segment, which really helps in our overhead and our allocation. And it's really being driven by the revenue increases we see from some of the higher gross margin products. And that would be the 3D tomo. And in the future, as these 2D Dimensions are being placed in the marketplace, if we get to the point where 3D becomes accepted as the standard of care, it will be at that point in time where we see the software upgrade to 3D tomo happen to what might be a side of installed base at that point in time. And once again, it's all about reimbursement and the clinical evidence. But at that point, we would get the software upgrade, and that software upgrade is a 95% plus gross margin component. So I think the outlook for FY '12 is very positive, I think directionally for that gross margin within Breast Health because of the expected revenue increase and the product mix moving to tomosynthesis.
Glenn P. Muir: No. I think there isn't -- it really has nothing to do with the desire to buy back the stock. I think we all would like to buy back the stock. But we only have limited cash flows as it is. And I think it's a healthy level. And at the moment, as we look forward into the year, I think there will be opportunities that can drive a greater return and provide us with additional revenue and earnings expansion. If we didn't see and didn't believe that the opportunities, I think we'd feel differently about it, but we think there are. If they don't materialize, I mean we're not in a rush and we're not going to do anything silly. If they don't materialize, we would like to deleverage a little bit. So the dollars on the balance sheet might simply be reallocated to lowering that debt level. And we're always looking at stock and considering a buyback. And in the future, we may in fact consider it. But I think at the moment, we're comfortable with where we are.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes. The backlog was $264 million at the end of the quarter. It was down $20 million or so from Q3. There is nothing special about that. Our backlog is no longer reflective of our business. It's a combination of capital equipment orders, which I would say is reflective of our business. But it gets masked by all these bulk orders and one-year commitments that we get on the Diagnostics side. And it's very hard to really peel away what's really going on. The way to look at it is backlog's fairly steady, and it's really no longer a good proxy for what's going on in the business. That's too much disposable Diagnostics stuff that's kind of in there.
