Karleen Oberton: Yes. And I would just add that, Biotheranostics continues to be a strong double-digit grower contributing to the molecular performance.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So a couple of comments. First, we haven't provided guidance for fiscal '24, and we're not doing that on this call. I would say that what we're seeing here in Q3 and Q4 for operating margins in that 29% range are probably the trough of the low, and we do expect margins to improve over the course of '24. Again, we haven't given that exact percentage, but would expect them to improve from here as some of the inflationary pressures do abate over time.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So I'll tackle this with a couple of points. So one, from earnings growth. If we talk about the 5% to 7% top line, we ground ourselves in growing EPS faster than that and likely in that double-digit, low double-digit range. If we want to ground ourselves in operating margins, we point you to Q2 '20, which was 31.5%. I think compared -- going back to 2016, I think the business is a little more diversified and probably a growing business outside the U.S. compared to 2016. So as we know, OUS has been growing double digits on the top line, but there is kind of diluted from the total margin perspective. And then as we kind of move out of 2030 into '24, as I talked about, it looks like this back half of '23 is kind of the low point of the 29%. We would expect continuing improvement into '24 as higher costs on the semiconductor as well as other higher inflationary pressures such as freight continue to abate over the course of the year. So I think what we try to manage, again, growing EPS low double-digit and still investing in things like R&D and marketing initiatives to grow the top line, not exactly driving to that historical operating margin percentage.
Karleen Oberton: I would add. Jack, that last week, we had all the teams together for our quarterly business reviews and Steve was as engaged as ever.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So I think as I had -- if you go from Q2 to Q3, the gross margin declines primarily lower COVID revenue. So again, we had over $70 million of COVID assay revenue in Q2 and just under $30 million here in Q3. So that's probably the bigger as well as lower gantry revenue, which our gantries in our Breast Health business, their gross margins are accretive to the corporate average. So that explains the sequential. As I had talked about operating margins, we feel that here in the second half of '23, this roughly 29% operating margin is probably the low point and as we move through '24, we should see improvement as we have on revenue growth in the base business, but also some of those headwinds on higher costs will abate over the course of the year. And again, we'll give guidance on the November call.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would say it's not an unreasonable number. It's probably still a little low from historical levels. I think prior to the chip supply headwind, we would, in each quarter do roughly 1,100 to 1,200 gantries a quarter. This is below that level seemed in Q3 and Q4. I think as we look into '24, I think we're still having recovery in the breast business as we believe our backlog will be worked through over the course of '24.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would just add on the Surgical business. We've really seen probably over the last four or five, six quarters, international turbocharge for the Surgical business, a small base, but really starting to take traction.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would just add that we're also, even in our field service organization, using predictive analytics to predict certain part failures that allow us to coordinate with our customers to prevent unscheduled downtime, unscheduled visits, which is great for the customers and creates operational efficiency for us.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So we haven't given specifics on backlog recapture. I think what we have said is that the backlog continues to be high. It's something that will work through over several quarters to come. I think we're always looking at operational efficiencies to drive earnings results. As I think about '24, I think we'll kind of hit the whole P&L between higher revenue growth, probably some improvement at gross margins and always looking at how do we best manage our operating expenses to deliver that earnings growth.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So I think when we think about the long-term growth rate, we talked about the 5% to 7%, we've talked about that all the divisions on a worldwide basis would be in that range and think about Breast Health kind to the lower end of the range, Diagnostics and Surgical to the higher end of the range. And as we talked about earlier, Molecular potentially even above that. So again, we feel good about all the businesses being in that growth range. We continue to see international being a bigger piece of the business growing faster than the U.S. And as I've talked about previously, we haven't given guidance for '24, but we believe that we're hitting the low mark of margins here at the back half of '23, and we'll see improvements as we work through that backlog and some of the inflationary pressures subside.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Mike, I think Russia for us was really opportunistic. When we developed our strat plan, we went to the 5% to 7%. We were virtually nonexistent in Russia, but we had big plans to expand. So the good part is we're not losing business. It's really the lack of the opportunity and the upside. China, frankly, we're pretty happy that only 2% to 3% of our revenue comes from China right now given all of the issues going on there. So again, I think we've been able to weather that storm reasonably well. And again, it's just not going to be the growth that we would have expected. So I think that the higher way to think about this is when we put out the 5% to 7%, we saw China and Russia becoming clearly accretive to that. They're now -- Russia is effectively flatlined at zero, and China is not the headwind or the tailwind that we had hoped. So what it really means is our core businesses and our core geographies are growing even faster than what we had originally modeled at that time.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, sure. Let's be really clear. I'm at Hologic through the end of my useful life in terms of what I've worked for, built for. And as a reminder to everybody, I am personally a top 15 shareholder in Hologic. So this is my day job. This is my passion. This is my love. What I have to see is the company five minutes away, that's troubled that I thought, frankly, I could also help out in a different role, which is as Chairman of the Board. And I'm very proud that I think I can do both. If I didn't have the great team around me at Hologic wouldn't be able to. Frankly, over there, it's going to be about also just getting a great CEO in place. And we're making a couple of key decisions there, which are probably pretty obvious. And then it's going to be a normal Chairmanship from there. So this is my love and my passion and frankly, where I'm fully engaged sometimes more than my teams would like.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Jack, I think the interesting stuff on the USPSTF guidelines, as they relook at cervical cancer screening, is we don't have an exact time line. It could be months from now. It could be any time, could be late this year, early next. You're never quite sure where that plays out. I think the biggest piece, the way I look at all of this is there's the headline the day any of those guidelines, whether it's breast cancer or cervical cancer screening guidelines get tweaked. And then there's the reality of how it plays out in the marketplace with the physicians. And I think just as when USPSTF raised the age of Mammography years ago and said, women should really wait until they're 50 instead of 40 and you have those kind of shifts, medical practice didn't change that much. And now when they reversed it and came back to 40 just like that, it's not going to dramatically change because it never changed that much in the first place. We think that is very true as well in cervical cancer. The Pap test has truly been one of the gold standards, as we've said, probably has had more impact on women's health and changing cervical cancer from one of the number one killers of women to going way down the food chain in terms of that because of how well it's been -- how well it's performed over time. And so while not necessarily the greatest procedure for somebody to have to have. It has worked out incredibly well over time, and we think it's going to continue to be strong. So it will be a little headline stuff. We still hope that, frankly, patient groups and the medical community's opinions will properly be listened to. And then frankly, the guideline shouldn't change much. But even if they do, I think very little impact to our business over certainly a several year period. Thank you.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. The 5% to 7% as we related it to Russia and China, which I answered earlier is they're basically like Russia is just a lack of growth opportunity. So it's not a headwind -- yes, it's not an headwind. It's just the lack of what could have been a tailwind in our strat plan. So I think we feel very good about being in that range. We'll give guidance on our November call.
Stephen MacMillan: We feel very good. I think the gist that we keep trying to say here is we feel better and better about the growth of our base businesses in all of our core geographies today.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think overall, as you know, we did about six acquisitions in COVID time, feeling really good that certainly five of them are delivering good growth for us right now. Mobi is just a little more work, frankly, to get it to the U.S. market. As we dug in deeper, a little more redesign is required of both the cartridge and the machine and what we got. We still like the technology. But as we dug in, it's just going to be further out, and that just affected the cash flows, combined with the interest rates and all of that. But we still are very excited about what that will bring. And frankly, the positive is in a weird way, it's going to hit a little later in our strat plan horizon, and the growth for the next few years looks so good anyway, but it will come in at a really good time for us.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Tejas, I think the way to think about our M&A strategy right now and Karleen and I have been out with some of our largest shareholders over the last month-ish, and I think they've all reminded us that as you look at our fundamental growth rate and our margin profile, reminding us that, that alone looks pretty damn good. And it's hard to find deals that are really going to enhance either our growth rate as it's accelerated or our margin structure. And so we are being cautious. And I would tell you, I think it's the beauty of a strong base business, so we are looking in those areas, but we sort of have that luxury right now of time on our side because of the base performance. So more likely to just stay more cautious here, continuing to drive the good deals that we've done. Obviously, with the Biotheranostics in the portfolio, it opens up the aperture to look at certain things, but nothing wildly dilutive by any stretch. And I think we like things that already have a little bit of an established revenue base like a Biotheranostics that we can then turbocharge with our operational efficiencies and our sales forces and our marketing in those areas. So I think it will be in those areas.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think clearly, we figure there's probably earlier this year, some catch-up in procedures, this and that. But overall, I think there's still some of that to come. Hospital staffing is clearly tight. But I think in general, the hospitals are figuring out how to manage that. We're figuring out how to manage it and help again as, frankly, so many of our products add efficiencies, including things like Fluent. And so we're really kind of a go-to partner for the hospitals, and I think just feel really good about having both a -- now a laparoscopic portfolio in addition to the hysteroscopic.
Stephen MacMillan: It's pretty broad-based between both our hospital customers, the smaller labs and the big labs. It's remarkably broad-based and also in terms of the menu and increasingly the geographic footprint that so many of the Panthers we placed during COVID were also international. And so we're seeing that as well. So it's hard to fully -- it's not like we can sit there and say, hey, 50% of the additional has come from a few customers or just an area. It's really remarkably broad-based.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think the simplest thing is we've had a number of -- I go back to when we refer to really things as machine learning. When you think about both cytology as well as breast, a lot of it is pattern recognition. And that's what the technology that underlies some of the computer-rated design programs that we've got within our Mammography system, but also our digital cytology that's now been approved in -- basically EC mark or got the mark for the EU. And we're working to get that cleared by FDA as well in the United States. Again, it's pattern recognition. And doing the same thing really within the Breast Health space. And I think it's where our installed base, our knowledge, just the sheer sample size is big. There's a lot of complexities, clearly in terms of getting them through the agency and owning the data to be able to get some of those. But I think we feel really good about the partnerships that we've been able to get and our ability to play strong roles, particularly in those two areas.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Anthony, I'd like to correct you. There was no reference at all of an aspirational number. We feel really good about the 5% to 7%. This year, we are delivering double that, is what we said, but we feel great about the 5% to 7% in this environment to be a company and people can count on for that.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. We kind of run our business as opposed to the Street estimates. My hunch is there's a lot more COVID still in people's numbers for next year. I think what we feel really good about is the base.
Stephen MacMillan: We're looking at our Surgical business, both within the GYN world, but also things like Bolder have kind of gotten us into thinking about sort of more specialty surgery because it's getting us into pediatrics in addition to traditional guidance. So I think we're opening our aperture and to your point is understanding the MedTech world way, I think about our company right now is we're able to generate a lot of cash flow out of Diagnostics or MedTech and the ability to spend it where it could possibly give the better return as we've done with things like Bolder and MedTech. There'll probably be some other areas in that space that we will be looking at, whether -- and robotics is a piece. But frankly, they've spent a lot of money chasing robotics right now. That's also -- every once in a while that reminds me a little bit of some of the NIPT spaces or other things. So we're going to continue to be looking for where the profits can be generated.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, we're incredibly comfortable with where we stand right now on the chip supply. So feel really good.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think all of these changes create headline -- much more headline noise that I know investors look at. I go back to even recently, was it in May when the new Breast Health guidelines came out. And our stock moves like 7% in 20 minutes. At the end of the day, these things have very little impact one way or the other over the short-term and are really much more -- the way -- I've been in health care now for about, 30-plus years, moves happen glacially. And even as any of these guidelines change, they get the headlines, but the reality in practice is very minimal slow changes. Final question.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, I think the big picture question on the backlog is, I think we'll -- as we currently look we've got pretty much a years-plus worth of backlog, and we'll continue to get more orders in the meantime. So that will keep pushing that backlog well out. So that's the highest level piece. And I'll hand the harder part of that question over to Karleen.
