Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah, Doug. It is not market dynamics. It is very much – we feel like we're making good progress with the sales team. But at the end of the day, we were expecting a huge ramp in the second half of the year. And I think as we budgeted and everything else and really went back and looked through our mid-year forecast, I think it's unrealistic in terms of what we were expecting for the second half of the year. But feeling – there is no difference in how we feel from the time we were at your conference to now, other than the ramp going forward. But I think at the end of the day, we delivered in the quarter, frankly, within the range about what I thought we would. But I think the ramp that we had implied in the second half of the year was just way, way beyond what we're going to get to.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Nothing happened in the quarter that we didn't appreciate a few weeks ago, other than really thinking more about the true trajectory going forth. We just delivered $91 million, frankly, in the first fiscal quarter, call it, $85 million and change this quarter, which is frankly very consistent with the seasonal declines you see. Feel good about where we're going. But again, our original guidance for the year implied a much, much stronger ramp, especially in that second half of the year. But I think the team is settling in very, very well. I was just with the sales force a few weeks ago. I think the true churn that occurred in the sales force was just far bigger than we ever imagined, but do feel very good about the leadership and the people we have in place now.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. Yeah, Doug, just to add one more point. This was only Kevin Thornal's second quarter of actually running the business. And I know it seems like forever, trust me he's a very large shareholder in this company and myself. And where we are, it seems like forever in terms of what we're doing in terms of the turnaround here. But at the end of the day, even as Kevin has gotten in and gotten a lot deeper into the business, much better handle on where that trajectory is going.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. International, I think, we are thrilled with the progress we're making. And I'd also remind everybody since we have Kevin Thornal running our Cynosure business, he's the one we sent in Europe a couple of years ago and it was a train wreck. And he totally put all the foundational elements into place that are paying off today for international business. Country by country, we are winning more tenders. Our dealers are more engaged. We also did pick up our dealer in Germany as well as Spain and are winning more accounts since those are now owned by us than they used to win – winning more tenders than what they did when they were standalone dealers. So, just feeling great about the foundational progress that has been built over there. Regarding the MQSA data, I'd remind everybody, there's always little variations. And particularly there was a change in methodology that occurred in April where the FDA is now basically having the ACR, certify the machines. We think that may have resulted in more volatility than usual on the most recent number. Having said that, we feel great about what we are doing in the Breast Health business. And I'm so proud of our team. The market shares we continue to garner, particularly in the United States on 3D, is well beyond, I think, what anybody, ourselves included, could've imagined a couple of years ago in a very competitive market. What our teams are doing there, and not only driving additional gantries and winning so many competitive customers over to us, but then building out that product line. Our interventional business being built out, the service business, the software, and if you see, again, that whole cliff that everybody was so concerned about a couple of years ago under Pete Valenti and our team in the U.S., they have really, really started to change that curve and feel very good about both what they've done and where we're headed.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. I think TempSure just launched in this last quarter. So I think part of what gives us increasing confidence of where we're headed is the TempSure launch is off to a very nice start. And it will have additional applications that will be coming over time, so it may not have the incredible spike. SculpSure was probably an unusually large huge uptick. But I think the fundamental strength of TempSure feel really, really good about where that's going. And the initial sell-in, frankly we're very, very pleased with.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Isaac, obviously, we're incredibly disappointed. And therefore it does affect how we think about it going forward. But really, what it comes down to is we now want to be really focused as we'd like to be on true tuck-ins that supplement our existing businesses. So, that's where we're very focused, much smaller deal size than obviously Cynosure. That was an unusual opportunity. But at the end of the day, we're very focused now really by division. That added a new division to us. Now, all of our focus is within the existing divisions. And the other piece I would say is, I'm much more closely driving the inorganic, the business development propositions by having the division presidents reporting directly to me, and feel very good that we're both making go and no-go decisions faster in the process. And I do think – I hope to see some small little things that will be coming forth over the course of the year, but clearly on a very different scale.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. It's not fully built out, but I'd say we're 90-ish percent there now. And it is. And I would say it's – while it's – I'd probably say it's less about waiting for them to get up to speed. We're training them in a different ways much more aggressively. We're seeing some of them starting to hit the ground running and getting their sales far faster than what we might have usually expected. And that's what gives us a good outlook. I think coming back really to an earlier question two of we haven't wanted to take debt by a thousand cuts. We wanted to survey the situation long enough, have Kevin in this role. He's been reporting directly to me now for the last four months. I think we have a very good handle on where the business is going, what's going on, and figured, okay, let's just take it down and then we build from here.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Absolutely. That's how we're thinking about it, Bill. This is still the fastest-growing market of any market we compete in. And as you know, with us, every market we compete in, we play to do very well and grow faster than the markets. And I fully believe we will be there in the exact same place over time. This is a product-driven, relationship-driven, sales force-driven business, just as our other businesses. We've had a little bit of an extra learning curve in this particular one. But there is nothing in it that says we can't compete and do exceptionally well. We also see it still – despite obviously a major competitor in Allergan, the rest of the business is still very – the rest of the industry is still very fragmented. And we see big opportunity still over time that will also be an area for tuck-ins and things like that once we have the sales force well established. And that's exactly where we're going to be focused.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. I'm very, very happy that you asked that question. It will not be retracted. We feel very good about the underlying way that that study was done. So, feel really, really good about that. And you said other than easy comps and leadership, I'll go with the second one. Other than leadership, well, leadership is what it's about. And this is another one that we replaced the President, the VP of Sales, three of the four regional leaders and more than half of the managers, all in the last nine months, and feel really, really good about where that business and those leaders are going from a competitive standpoint. You see, MyoSure started to pick back up this quarter. We're watching the underlying trends and feeling good that that business has come down. We said back in January at your conference, I said, hey, we're going to be in for a few rougher quarters. If you look, our first quarter was down, call it, 8%; this quarter, down 5-ish. I think we may still not – we'll likely still be down a touch maybe this quarter. And I think by the time we exit the year, exactly as we said at your conference in January, I think we'll be back to growth and moving in that right trajectory. But as I acknowledge, I think we fell asleep at the switch a little bit too long. We were slow making leadership changes in that division, and our teams are fighting back now.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. Fair question, Derik. I look at it slightly different. While the medical need is traditionally defined might not be as big, there is huge demand. And the people who want these procedures and the docs providing them, there's a lot more data and the opportunity to drive data. But at the end of the day, this is about great products and great sales people. And that's really what drives this business, and building long-term customer relationships. So, that is not that different than what we can do. And we know, we just got to go prove it. We will.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, yes. And again, we think that particularly with additional clinical data over time and our sales force, we're seeing some new customer interest in that product and do feel very good about where that will go over time, and also that that will be the leading edge frankly to help a lot of OB/GYNs get into cash pay, everything else. We always said we didn't do Cynosure for 2017 or 2018, we did it for the long haul. We know patience is thin right now on it, but we're incredibly focused and, frankly, only the coming quarters, what we say now probably isn't going to matter a lot, but I'm very confident we'll be putting those points on the board as we go forward.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure Brian. The first part is the deficits that we see are less byproduct category than they were the gaping holes where we didn't have sales people on the streets. And again, we keep trying to emphasize, there were a lot of holes in the sales force, we just didn't have people showing up. And therefore every product line was that – we had areas that had virtually very few sales at all. So, it's – the gaps we're looking at are far more by territory than by product line. As we go forth and we're starting to see it, as we're putting people back in those territories, we're seeing SculpSure, we're seeing TempSure, we're seeing Icon. We're seeing all of the categories start to get the lift back up for the things. Ultimately, profitability over time, we think it's going to take some time. The gross margin will be slightly dilutive to the company here in the nearer term. Long-term, can that be at the company average? We certainly would hope so. Operating margins today are very, very small, so that will be an opportunity over time. I think that'll still take multiple years before that gets to a – an operating margin that is not dilutive to the company.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah, Doug, I think, in addition to that, as the teams were settling in, I think we've learned a lot more around the ramp.
Robert W. McMahon: And so, we were expecting a much more significant ramp. And as the teams have come in, in this last quarter, I think we've got a better understanding and a better handle on that. And hopefully, we've put ourselves in a situation where we can get into a situation where we can beat and raise, and are looking at this as a conservative number as opposed to chasing the number.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. Jack, hey. This is Bob. I'll answer the first part of your question in terms of the impact. Quite honestly, it's really hard to know. But what we can say is based on some data that we have that well-woman visits in January and February declined at high-single digit rates in the U.S. versus year ago. So we do think it had a decent impact on our business and we saw in March where it actually rebounded and improved a bit. And on the new products, I think we're getting some nice progress on those in the uptake. And so far they're still small relative to the overall size of our STI platform, but we're seeing nice feedback certainly from Fusion as well as some of the new products, the Virals and some of the other new products that we have globally.
Robert W. McMahon: We've always said that those are – yeah, I'm sorry. We've always said those are primarily going to be a growth driver in 2019.
Robert W. McMahon: No. The tax rate is pretty consistent across the quarters. What we have said is, we were taking some investment – the opportunity to make some investment as a result of the tax rate reduction earlier in the year, and we're actually managing some of the rate or the take down through OpEx reductions. So we're not making – we've made some investments. We were planning to make more. We're actually probably scaling some of that back to ensure that we've got the strong foundation, because we didn't deliver all of the EPS earnings potential as a result of the tax rate reduction to the bottom line when we first gave guidance.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. I'll take the second question first. The answer on that is no, it doesn't affect the level of investment. The write-off is really a reflection of, hey, we've got a much lower base than it was originally contemplated in our model and it's going to take us longer, but we're still expecting growth in that business and we'll invest behind that. In regards to the takedown, the majority of it – vast majority of it was Cynosure. We took that down multiple tens of millions of dollars, as you can expect or as you can imagine, relative to the forecast that we had built in. There are some small changes relative to probably Diagnostics with the not getting back, the January and February, but those are small. I would add one other thing on the piece with NovaSure. I think not only the clinical results that have come out and were published, but also some of the survey, I think we've given our sales organization more tools to be able to be much more competitive in the marketplace. So, it's not only new leadership, it's also new tools to actually get out there and provide. And then with NovaSure ADVANCED that's been out, really driving that as well.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. So, there wasn't any one-time discrete event in there. It was really a result of probably two things, geographic mix with our international business really driving that and then product mix within the divisions. I would expect that to be flat to slightly improving over the rest of the year. As Surgical comes back to growth, that's a very highly – a very accretive gross margin business. And then, actually as the U.S. business and Cynosure, that also has a much better gross margin than overall Cynosure as a whole. So, we do think that that will help – kind of help with gross margin going forward, and we've obviously got our continued productivity model programs as well.
