Rohan F. Hastie: Yes. I think HPV primary will be not as prevalent [ph] within the market primarily. I think that the path is so ingrained within the gynecologist cervical cancer screening modality that migrating away from that to going to an HPV primary is something that, I think, we will be able to manage effectively within the market. We certainly feel that having a large physician sales force can certainly message the benefits of co-testing. I would remind everybody that testing with HPV and a path liquid-based cytology is the best clinical screening modality for cervical cancer, and we will continue to push that message within the marketplace.
Rohan F. Hastie: Yes. So this -- I'll start with the latter part of the question first. There's no doubt that in terms of an AUP within this market, that Quest got some good pricing from what they had previously, based primarily upon the competitive dynamics of this marketplace right now. There are more people selling chlamydia and gonorrhea tests, in terms of the utilization Quest have started right now, switching over to our chlamydia and gonorrhea tests. So we will certainly start to see the pickup of that at the latter end of this quarter and Q2. Their HPV business will take a little longer to convert over so that contribution will take a little bit longer. But I would say that, that is slightly offset by some of the AUP dynamics we're seeing within this market from competitive activity anyway. So we're comfortable with the revenue growth that we're going to get from Panther. We're comfortable with the revenue growth we will get from Quest. So the deals that are being completed right now as, I think, our peer group companies have stated as well, are at slightly lower AUPs than what we've seen previously.
Rohan F. Hastie: Yes. And I would echo that, Tycho, seeing the same on the Diagnostic side of the business. We definitely pushed out some of our commercialization efforts. We've just paid very close attention to conference attendance, conference spending, just general marketing spend and likewise, in terms of the overall sales. We're making sure that we are appropriately sized for reach and touch to get the maximum benefit from that sales force. So it's been a management issue just making sure that we keep a close eye on those costs and utilize that cash as effectively as possible.
Rohan F. Hastie: Yes, I think we're relatively comfortable with where the revenue synergies are, quite frankly. Again, I think that, as we've stated time and time again, this Quest deal would never have happened had Hologic and Gen-Probe not been combined. And I think we're seeing that portfolio component, that portfolio sale being replicated at all segments of the market right now. We're going again [ph] , and we're talking about ThinPrep, CT/GC, Trichomonas, HPV and that whole portfolio, women's health testing is really starting to have traction within the marketplace. And that, indeed, is being replicated internationally. We've had a couple of very big closes within the United Kingdom over the past 6 months, really, that again, have been portfolio of women's health products that we're offering. So in that regard, the revenue synergies, I think, we are comfortable with. And likewise and then again, with that physician sales force component has been tremendously important for us in terms of generating awareness of Aptima HPV, generating awareness of nucleic acid testing for Trichomonas right now. I think that has made a big, big contribution to us. I think what has happened, though, is some of the AUP pressures that we've seen again from the competitive activity within the market right now for our competitors trying to hold onto business or compete for business has certainly driven down some of the AUPs that we've been seeing. And then also, we had a little bit of a slow start to FY '13 as well, which did not contribute.
Rohan F. Hastie: I'm sorry. I should add there. So you are correct that the write-down more due to Third Wave and Gen-Probe, and as we said, we really think this is a little bit of an accounting exercise. We have a slight change in the outer year growth rates, reflective of a bit of a slow start in FY '13.
Rohan F. Hastie: Yes. Just -- I just think that the penetration of adoptions will -- for last year and this year is when we will see the maximum amount of adoption, and we certainly expect that to fall off as that rate becomes much more fully penetrated within the market, and we predict that, that will be within the 2015 period. Again, to reiterate, I think we will still see some margin expansion within that timeframe. I just don't think that it will be at the rates that we've seen over 2013 and 2014.
Rohan F. Hastie: Yes. And I mean, I would add from the Diagnostics side that there remain continued opportunities for us in both ThinPrep and HPV as different countries are evaluating, expanding their cervical cancer screening offering. So whether it's an HPV primary, with a reflex cytology or lead with cytology with a reflex HPV, we feel there's an opportunity there for us. I think from the molecular side, that Panther platform is -- the market is much more fragmented within Europe and other areas of the world for that matter, but the Panther plays exceedingly well within those market segments, and I think we're just starting to see some really good traction with instruments placements for Panther there as well. And then as the other element, which we don't tell much about, is we're certainly hopeful of strong international blood screening opportunities for us for countries that are looking at instituting blood screening for donations or, indeed, some potential share shift internationally as well. So I think we're feeling very optimistic about 2015 from the diagnostic sector.
Glenn P. Muir: Yes. Vijay, so as it relates to guidance, we don't have any divestitures built in to that guidance today nor do we have any share buybacks or anything like that. So it's our current platform and programs that we have today. If we look at that operating expense line, we do have that flat to up slightly in FY '14 in our guidance. And we have had quite a bit of cost savings throughout the end of FY '13, but one of the areas that we have really skinnied down is the whole area of variable compensation. So when we look at FY '14, and we're not talking at executive level here, we are talking at the real management and rank-and-file level, we are reintroducing some of the variable compensation we didn't have in '13. So that's a piece of the increase that we see; and even with that increase, we're only talking operating expenses up slightly in FY '14.
Glenn P. Muir: Right. So in the prepared guidance, we're talking about low to mid-single-digit growth back in FY '15 on both the top and bottom line. So we are looking at FY '14 as a transformational type of year. We are retrenching a big part of this is because of the market environment we see out there. So when we look out to FY '15, there is an expectation that things are going to stabilize throughout all of FY '14, and we will begin to see growth with some of these new products emerging. So we've been talking about 3D tomo for some time. I talked a little bit about the numbers on systems that we're currently placing. We're getting tremendous interest in that product line. When we look in the Diagnostics group, the Panther machines are just now going out the door. And even for Quest, they didn't have any meaningful sales in Q4, but they certainly will in FY '14. So I think we're getting in place the pieces that we need for that FY '15 growth. But I think the problem we have in '14 is more the headwinds. It really is, as is relates to ThinPrep, the expansion on the interval; as it relates to NovaSure, it's that whole utilization as there are some lower-cost alternatives. And that will moderate. We do believe that will moderate in '15 and beyond. I don't know, Jack, or -- did you have anything to add on that or...
Glenn P. Muir: I was focused on the first one, too. I think -- and yes, Tycho, the thing is on most of our operating segments, any one of them would be dilutive to earnings. I mean we have great earnings power in each of those segments now, so we appreciate that. What we have to look at is the value and the potential we would get out and how we would redeploy that cash. So we're looking very hard at that right now. Nothing's off the table, but it is a pretty complex thought process to go through on cash flow and taxes, and we want to get it right. And the second part of the question, Jack, was...
Glenn P. Muir: Yes. As it relates to FY '15, Glenn -- I mean, we believe after FY '14, there will be a return to growth. So when we look at our revenues and our earnings, we believe that both top and bottom line will be low to mid-single-digit growth.
David P. Harding: Yes. We -- this is David Harding. We have definitely taken a hard look at all of our sales and marketing expenses, reflective of the more modest revenue growth rates and have restructured a number of things both on the Surgical and Breast Health side of the business. We've taken out layers of management. We've gotten more efficient in the way that we deploy our marketing expenditures and generally are trying to do more with less at this stage.
David P. Harding: Yes, this is David. I'm happy to take that question. We have seen the unit in the market in Europe, and there are few installations around. We are anticipating that GE will launch in the United States at some point. We are not exactly sure when, but we do anticipate it being within this fiscal year, probably sooner rather than later. We have certainly accounted for that in our projected growth rates, but we are very confident that our product is clinically superior. We've got excellent clinical results proven through large numbers of studies of many, many patients; and we are very, very happy with the way that our system is performing. Again, we will -- we welcome competition in this market and have fully anticipated it.
David P. Harding: And this is David, just to add. I think the important thing to note is that about 60% of the institutions that are submitting claims to their insurance companies are, in fact, getting reimbursed at these incremental levels that Jack talked about, between $30 and $70. So there is already good payment history that is occurring even without major reimbursement policy decisions at this stage.
David P. Harding: Yes. On the NovaSure side, I think we've mentioned to you earlier that there are lower-cost alternatives that are out there in the form of hormone-eluting IUDs and the like and those have been taking some share away from NovaSure. But we do see that kind of bottoming out in the 2014 period. We also see our international business continuing to grow and offset some of that. So that's why we believe that in addition to our sales force activities in getting more effective on the sales force side, we will see it kind of flatten out and then start to stabilize a little bit more in 2015.
David P. Harding: Yes. So on the international side for the Diagnostics piece, in particular, we expect modest growth that will help to offset some of the domestic decline on the Surgical side of the business, again, growing very rapidly, good double-digit growth there; and again, on the Breast Health side, growing solidly in the sort of mid-single-digits range. So the international business will grow. It won't completely offset all of the declines in the U.S. on the domestic side to be sure but -- and nor will in the Surgical side. But it is a very important component of our future growth in all aspects of the business.
John W. Cumming: Well, since David's not there, I should ask you about his. But I had a feeling that you would ask that since that's one of his favorite ones. Look, until someone tells me differently, I am the permanent CEO here; and I want to make it clear. I'm committed to rebuilding, refocusing the company, address the concerns of all the shareholders, the team members and our customers, who I'm visiting with on a weekly basis. So I think everything I've discussed reflects that level of personal commitment and my focus for delivering those results. So the board has asked me to concentrate on restructuring our business and achieving the strategic and operational goals, which we're committing to today. So I don't know how I can make it any clearer.
John W. Cumming: Yes. I would add to that, that this is fully baked into our numbers. We expect GE -- you always expect at RSNA, they're going to announce some approval, so we've anticipated sooner than later. But if you just look at the market itself being a replacement market and the fact that we have 60%, 65% of the U.S. market, GE's strategy is not just go out and say, "Let's see how many of the Hologic and Siemens sites we can go sell our product to." They're going to go to their installed base, which is sizable, and they're going to -- because I would assume that they have a demand -- pent-up demand from not being on the market, so they're going to attack those first. Internationally, they've been out there a very long time with this new product, so it's nothing new to us. I think it's a positive inasmuch as -- I think it might reset some of their pricing because until they've had it, they've priced their 2D system extremely low and maybe this will bring a sense of reality on pricing. Also, I believe in the U.S., it only can help us with them talking about the benefits of tomosynthesis and putting their marketing dollars behind it; and I welcome their marketing dollars, talking about the technology in and by itself. The fact that, like David said, we have over 100 papers written on tomo in almost every major company. We are working with the societies on tomo studies. So we are so well positioned to continue to drive share gains over the next 5 years with this product and subsequent products that we're going to bring to market.
John W. Cumming: When you are talking about the pace slowing down, you meant maybe the uptake. I would assume you meant the uptake in the assays, which certainly has been a factor, especially that we have now installed the system in Quest; and as Roe has talked about, it could be a 6-, 9-month process just to get HPC-certified in these labs. But between Roe and Glenn, I think they can talk about the write-down and the impact on that.
John W. Cumming: Yes. I would add one more thing, and that is as far as the synergies go, we exceeded what we said we would do and we did it in a much shorter period of time. The other thing that Roe didn't touch upon, which is an interesting dynamic that's happening now internationally, governments are -- when they're looking at programs for women, especially in the screening side, they're looking at cervical cancer screening and they're looking at mammography screening. And we've seen, and we're having conversations with certain governments relative to combining our mammography with cervical cancer testing, and we find ourselves in a very unique position to do that. And whether it becomes an HPV or it becomes a Pap test, we're -- we can play in both areas and bring the best mammography [ph] to the market as a combination in a tender.
John W. Cumming: Okay. And let me talk about reimbursement for a minute. We -- first of all, we had a little problem going to Washington. Somehow when we got there, everybody had left town because they'd shut it down. But now that they are kind of slowly coming back, we continue to have conversations with CMS. We continue to work kind of a three-pronged attack there, dealing with the legislative side, the private payor side and CMS. And I think we have to work all 3. CMS is kind of constrained in that there is so much going on right now with the ObamaCare. I'm not sure that they're in a position to make decisions relative to a lot of the different projects before them right now. But we have been very encouraged by the legislators that have taken a very active role in dealing and talking to CMS for us, because the fact they are -- they believe, and have read all of the documentation. They have talked with physicians who have come to Washington about the benefits of tomo from just a pure catching cancers early to the economic benefits. And hopefully, we can get CMS to kind of move off the dime and do something here. But there is certainly some frustration on our side. But on a today basis, what we can do is continue to push on the private payor side; and that's where we're putting a great deal of our energies now because that is, whether it be some of the larger ones on a regional basis that are paying $30 to $70 for a mammogram right now or the fact that we've had a group in Florida right now, approve a plan for reimbursement, specifically for tomo. These are all very positive things. It's going to take time in CMS side, and we cannot wait for them. So we have to continue to push on the payor side and continue to work the legislative side and hopefully, CMS kind of comes up for air. And we're working with ACR. We've talked with AMA, so we're trying to hit all of the levers that we can on this.
John W. Cumming: I really can't answer that. I don't know. I think the win that I know about is the one-at-a-time insurance companies that we're picking off. I mean, we have a team out there talking on them. As far as CMS goes, I think I said this in the last call, I gave up long ago trying to bet on what's going to happen with the government agency. So I got -- I have to unfortunately defer to that, but we'll continue to push the legislative side in the meantime and push with CMS. We're hoping. I guess that's all we can say at this point.
John W. Cumming: Okay. I'll let David handle certainly on the surgical side. But I mean, as I did say on my talk, we have made some changes in leadership on the surgical aside and added some very talented people. We have also looked at how we're selling and we've looked at that sales force and how it's organized today, and we think that, that is going to have an impact in driving future sales. But David, go ahead.
John W. Cumming: I guess I should add to surgical. I mean, we'll be introducing product enhancements, new products and that sales force realignment, we believe, is going to be a key to the growth -- to the return of growth on the NovaSure side.
John W. Cumming: I think we can. Unless we -- I mean we have really vetted these numbers in coming up with our estimates, we thought that they were very realistic for this year. We weren't sandbagging. We looked at the process last year. We looked at the process this year. We changed the process from certainly a bottoms-up review, and we needed to stress test that several times. When you look at the tomo, when you look at the uptake in assays, when you look at the incremental business that's going to come from Quest, when you look at what's going to happen on the new biopsy side, we see there's all very good positives to help drive this growth. We also have 3,000 plus Selenias out there, 7 to 10 years old that need to get replaced and they're going to start really getting replaced from the 2015 on, so we believe that those are also positive. Those secular kind of headwinds of the interval on the ThinPrep side. We really -- we've gone heavy on the discount this year and we believe it is going to start to flatten out, which then, of course, we're coming from a different base, which will allow the other products that are growing to kind of offset that and emerging to those single digits we talked about.
John W. Cumming: And from an organizational standpoint, the international infrastructure is really in place. I mean, we're making a few adds, certainly, to the management right now. But service efficiencies, I think, are going to start to come online in '14, especially on the Gen-Probe side as we put these programs together and trying to do cross-training. And there's going to be manufacturing changes in our capital equipment, that is all part of this remanufacturing delivery of our service, delivery of our application service. So we're making a huge push in that area, which we expect to start seeing the benefits in '15.
