Stephen MacMillan: Sure, Patrick. I think what we feel great about is over time, and we haven't built the market share in the installed base in the United States, and really around the world, but especially in the US without people really buying into the superiority of our products, from a labeling, from a workflow standpoint, from a clinical efficacy published data, everything else that we're doing to both detect earlier-stage cancers sooner, also reducing the false positives and avoiding needless callbacks. People have really seen that. So when it comes down to it of a hospital system, is looking to need a few new gantries for their system. They're not going to want to go away from us because they've made that decision to come into us. So they're much more willing to wait until we're back in business, plus the other reality is this is an across-the-board industry issue. So it's not like we are short and others can provide. So we really have two things going for us, which is call it, the micro, our products and the incredible products we're offering and the macro that what we're dealing with -- with the chip issue is being felt by everybody else. So I think our customers understand that. I think anybody who's in purchasing or works for a hospital, they all understand the supply chains and their own personalized, right? You need a dishwasher fixed and the parts taking months to get those kinds of things that are playing out in everybody's life. And I think everybody understands, okay, it's just going to be a little while. So we feel great about customers continuing to want our products and feeling better and better about our visibility into as we've been working with all the chip vendors right down to every single SKU and how many chips go into every one of our machines feeling better and better about where we'll go.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I wouldn't say we've got any more visibility. We've been very close to our customers all along, Anthony, in terms of both international from the Ministries of Health, deciding things right down to the regional parties within various countries and the same within every one of our customers in the US, both the main labs as well as the hospital. So, I think we continue to stay close and feel very good about our position and the way we continue to think about COVID is we're going to deliver whatever the marketplace needs, we're not going to get out of our skis in terms of forecasting it financially.
Stephen MacMillan: Thanks Andy. We didn't fully hear the second part of that question because you were cutting in and out on the first part as it relates to the first part of the follow-up in terms of consistency on COVID, I think the way we've approached this all along has been you can't predict this has never been consistent. It has been volatile by region and by timeframe.  And any eight-week period, people have been way off probably trying to predict what was about to happen. So again, what we have said at the beginning, however, was we thought that this long term would create a new assay for us that would be far more enduring then, I think anybody ever thought it would be back in 2020 back to what people thought when everybody thought this was going to go away in a hurry or it was going to go away as soon as vaccines arrived or molecular testing was going to go away as soon as antigen tests came along, right? What we've learned is this thing is going to be around. And frankly, as long as countries like China are still trying the zero COVID approach, and everything else and the fact that this thing we always said in the beginning, this is a respiratory virus that will mutate. Herd immunity was never going to be achieved. And we thought we would end up with an enduring business.  Whether that enduring business ends up being $50 million, $100 million, $150 million, $200 million, we really don't know, but we feel really good that we're in that business. So thank you.
Stephen MacMillan: Yeah. It's hard for us to fully know on the share stuff because of the various pieces. I would say there were no unusual ordering patterns at quarter end, so none of this was a stocking up for fourth quarter. We generally -- our business is very diversified. And I think one of the things we did, as you well know, early in the pandemic is we went out to a very broad customer base. And I think that has helped insulate and provide a little more enduring nature to our business. It's also helped our pricing hold up reasonably well. And so I think we feel pretty good. But we -- it just continues to go and regions and spikes and this and it does feel like US testing is settling in for the first time to a more normalized pattern and we're still -- we're starting to see that certainly in our own business, but no unusual spikes.
Stephen MacMillan: Yeah. I think long-term, we're sticking with the 5% to 7%. But as we've said all along, what, sometimes you're going to be above, sometimes it will be a little bit below. I think for where we are right now, we feel very good about delivering certainly above that for next year, but we don't want to get caught up way ahead of ourselves either and saying, we're moving that guidance up by any stretch. It's just as that reminder. There might be some periods of time where we're a little bit below that. There'll be periods we're above it. But I think we feel solidly about every one of our businesses.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, it's a great question, Puneet, because I think we do see probably higher levels of testing going forth, right? The diagnostics industry has been elevated and people desire to know with more certainty what they have, even think about something as simple as RSV that we're talking about here in the last few weeks. I'd argue that 99.9% of the public have never heard of RSV even a month ago, right? So, now we're getting into these levels of granularity that people want to know more about and what they have. And we think that will be a positive. It's also both what we're able to offer on our Fusion platform, also a big piece that Mobidiag will bring to us in the future. And certainly, we're seeing that in our European business right now. So I think we're well poised also for the future.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think with MyoSure, we just -- first off, we're biased because we just came back from our US sales meeting last week with that sales team. And it's hard not to be excited when you've been with them. But I think on a more serious and deeper basis, MyoSure has been an outsized grower now for seven or eight years, long beyond what anybody thought it could be. And I think what we continue to see is there's still significant opportunities in the fibroid space. There's still, to some degree, markets that are underdeveloped and MyoSure procedure is an amazingly positive procedure with great outcomes. And so, I think we just continue to -- we're not quite sure what the end market truly is there.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, sure. The build-out of the lab in our building here in San Diego has gone well, that will be happening in the next couple of quarters, and we're adding more automation that will really be kicking in, in terms of particularly the ordering system really early next calendar year. So that team just continues to crush it since they've been part of the Hologic team. We were just with all of their salespeople last week and they're feeling so supportive and excited to be a part of Hologic. And its part of that classic thing of what we're trying to do is we bring these technologies in and are then able to put additional investment in them to accelerate the growth rates. What we've done with Bolder, what we're doing with Acessa, what we're doing with the Biotheranostics team and just feeling great about these opportunities.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, because Max, if I could build on that. Obviously, if you're looking in the last year, we didn't do as much on the M&A front. The previous year, we did a whole bunch. So sometimes the doctors don't look at any given couple of quarters to say that we've changed our strategy. It's really about the overlying opportunity. The other piece I would reiterate is, when you have a healthy base business, it's also given us the enormous ability to be very patient in doing deals. And I think that's the best part of it all is when your core business is healthy. There's no need to do deals and we can do the ones that make sense for us. So clearly, to reiterate, as Karleen said, number one is still on the acquisition front. Thank you.
Stephen MacMillan: COVID is not. This is -- we're really talking about our base businesses being strong, all three of them.
Stephen MacMillan: We certainly worry about the geopolitical and particularly the economic scenarios in Europe, and I think particularly as this winter comes in energy and everything else. I think having said that, that's all the macro. The micro is our teams and our businesses are just in great shape. And I think are poised regardless of the environment, to be able to power and deliver through that. Thank you.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. So, net Derik, we have very little pricing baked into the numbers. We have puts and takes, frankly, across franchises across geographies. And just to give a plug for Karleen because she's too modest. Everybody's always admired our operating margin piece, but she have been very focused on the net side, and our tax team has been working very hard over the last few years. So I think do a great, great job to really kind of show up this year with another opportunity for us to continue to drive that net margin.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I mean, I would think, the 30% is probably pretty consistent throughout the course of the year. As you said, the dynamics kind of change first half versus back half. So I think that 30%, if you're plus or minus in any quarter, a point or two, I think you're right on.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, Tejas, why don't I just say that what we've noted in the prepared remarks is that COVID is accretive to the corporate averages, but we haven't disclosed it specifically. And I'd also add on that when you think about in this macro environment in our initial guide for the full year to say that our margins -- operating margins are going to be at 30%, which are pretty rich compared to the industry is pretty strong results, and we're really proud of that. And actually, even if you look at our net margins prior to pre-pandemic levels, which were around 20%, our guide would imply that they're roughly 22% to 23%, really reinforcing our earnings power.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I think the guide would imply that we're approaching normalized levels as we exit the year. I would also say that part of the recovery, even if we did get incremental gantry chips than anticipated with the resource limitations as our field service engineers, who maintains the installed base also do the actual installs in any quarter. So, there will be a balance through this recovery, but I would, in general, think about a gradual sequential recovery throughout the course of the year and exiting close to normal levels.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. I think we stopped disclosing the actual number on that, but very strong growth year-over-year and that business continues to have a nice trajectory. I would say that it's diverse on the other assays, but probably leaning towards the core women's health assays primarily.
Karleen Oberton: We only gave that range about 15 months ago. So, I feel like we're not -- don't need to change it at this point.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. International continues to be a bigger piece of that performance as well, what gives us confidence in that outlook.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, I mean the gross margins for -- on the molecular business, we've said all along are accretive to the corporate average. But the dynamics of this business is, as we add more of the newer assays, we typically get those at a higher price, higher margin, but we give some pricing on the legacy assays. So, we'll get -- as we produce more in our San Diego facility, we'll obviously naturally gain more absorption. But I think about those holding at higher than corporate averages, but I wouldn't see a significant upward trend anytime in those.
Karleen Oberton: Max, I would actually reverse that. So our capital allocation has consistently been to deploy our free cash flow, which, as you've noted, has grown over the last couple of years. But the priority is the M&A and share repurchase is more of an ongoing activity at a minimum to manage dilution from our equity plans as we see opportunities, disconnects to jump in and we'll get a little more. But priority will be M&A, but we'll be disciplined in that strategy.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So, certainly, on the tax rate, we continue to look for opportunities to more effectively leverage our supply chain and our operational footprint looking for our low-cost areas. And so a lot of that work has been happening over the last 24 months, which is driving that lower tax rate down to 19% for 2023. And I think from one aspect of COVID pricing, I think when the public health margin does go away, I do think the pricing will be certainly much more of a discussion with our customers than it has been.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. At this point, I would muster a change in the federal statutory rate, I think 19% is good to use.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. So I think from the supply chain from the higher cost, it's roughly 200 to 250 basis points on the operating margin that we have forecast would persist through 2023. We have talked about international margins being lower than the US, but we have not disclosed the difference. But I think certainly, there is discussions, our teams are focused on improving their leverage as we move forward.
