Steve MacMillan: Thank you, Ryan. And good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2024. For the quarter, total revenue was $1.01 billion and non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.98. Both revenue and EPS came in above the high end of our guidance. Before diving into our results, it is important to view our Q1 growth performance in proper perspective. Simply put, our first two quarters of fiscal ‘24 face incredibly difficult comps. Despite Q1 ‘24 having four fewer selling days compared to the prior year, and even against a prior year Molecular Diagnostics ex-COVID revenue growth of 24 .5%, and a Surgical revenue growth rate of nearly 15%, we grew total organic revenue, ex-COVID, a solid 5.2%. Even more impressive, when adjusting four fewer selling days, our Q1 results stand taller. On an adjusted basis, we estimate the total company organic revenue growth ex-COVID was in the high single digits for the period. These are incredibly strong results against challenging comps as we continue to perform exceptionally well against our 5% to 7% percent ex-COVID long-term target. We continue to showcase our durability and broad strength across our divisions, both delivering on our short-term guidance and maintaining our long-term targets. Keep in mind that our long-term revenue targets are more impressive today, given we are growing off a much larger base than we originally contemplated. As we've said before, you can count on us to deliver. During our call today, we will focus on building upon our messaging from the JPMorgan conference three weeks ago. During our presentation, we highlighted that we are a new Hologic bigger, faster, stronger, and poised for continued success. As part of our discussion, Essex will share more insights about our high confidence in our future success. He will also shed light on what we view as underappreciated elements of our growth strategy that are helpful to fully recognize the potential of our business. Before then turning the call over to Karleen to discuss our detailed financial results, we will share reflections from our participation at the World Economic Forum in Davos. While we continue to make progress elevating women's health, it is clear we still have a long way to go. Starting with our meetings at JPMorgan, we realize there are two camps of investors. There is one camp that understands our transformation and recognizes the drivers powering our current results and future growth potential. At the same time, there is another camp that, quite frankly, does not. That said, we certainly appreciate the complexity. Over the past three years, there have been many moving pieces clouding the narrative of the force we've become. From revenue still normalizing following the ups and downs of COVID, to moving past semiconductor chip supply challenges, to selling days dynamics, only naming a few, each has contributed to irregular comps that may be difficult to interpret, and also challenging tomorrow. We appreciate that each represents a layer of complexity that must be pulled back to fully appreciate the underlying strength of our business. Looking beyond the quarterly nuances, our steady performance over time really shines. Above all, we are bigger, faster, stronger, and poised for further growth. We are a durable and diversified growth company with disciplined operations, peer group leading margins, an exceptionally strong balance sheet, and above all, a talented and engaged employee workforce. We are poised to continue to drive top-line growth while growing the bottom line even faster. To shed more light on what gives us high confidence in our future, I'll pass it over to Essex.
Steve MacMillan: Thank you, Essex. To close out the discussion of our growth prospects. While we continue to make significant progress outside of the US, we still have tremendous opportunity to grow and build a much greater presence internationally. Shifting gears before turning the call over to Karleen, we'd like to share reflections from our time at the World Economic Forum in Davos. For a third year in a row we had the opportunity to participate at the forum, where we presented the results of our third annual Hologic Global Women's Health Index. The Index, which is the largest study of its kind, examining the overall state of women's health and wellbeing continues to generate tremendous support from major organizations dedicated to improving women's health. As we've said before, over time, we believe the Index may be the single greatest contribution to the world that we make at Hologic. This year's results show that we all need to stand behind women more than ever. The harsh reality is that women's health globally has not only stagnated over the past year, but is sadly moving in the wrong direction. The data shows that only 11% of women were screened for cancer and only 10% for STIs. Billions of women are not being screened, this must change. And we have a tremendous opportunity to lead the way with our women's health portfolio. The key takeaway here is that in many ways, our markets are still in the early innings of reaching their potential. As we look ahead, we are even more inspired to live into our purpose, passion, and promise. We continue to believe and we have proven that we can drive results through our unwavering commitment to women's health. Our strong results come from our strong purpose. And finally, in late breaking news, we are incredibly proud to announce that just last night, our new Genius Digital Diagnostic system, with the Genius Cervical AI algorithm received clearance from the US Food and Drug Administration. This accomplishment is only made possible by the creativity, focus and dedication of our outstanding Diagnostics team. Continuing to trailblaze our path. Our system is the first and only FDA cleared digital cytology system that combines deep learning based AI with advanced imaging technology. It can help more accurately detect cervical cancer, improve psychology workflow, and ultimately enhance patient care. We continue to deliver and at a time when women need it most. With that, let me hand the call over to Karleen.
Steve MacMillan: I think regardless of what happens with the guidelines, we see co-testing is being well entrenched. And if anything, it's going to probably get stronger with the approval we just got last night of our digital cytology business, which I think is probably not as fully appreciated. But as we bring that to market, it's going to dramatically improve the workflow for our customers. It's going to improve the efficacy it just -- it's probably the biggest improvement step forward in cytology in 40 years. So, we remain very committed and believing incredibly strongly, by the way as a reminder to single collection device that is used both for our Aptima HPV, as well as cytology. So it's no additional work for the doctor or the patient, and you get the results. So we continue to be very excited. And if anything, probably more excited about our cytology business combined with our HPV business going forward.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, sure. Patrick, I think the biggest metric obviously we track over time is just purely revenue. And I think we continue to feel good but the internals on that are, if you go customer by customer, we continue to grow our portfolio with a lot of our customers and not to be overlooked are our largest customers in the US, as they shift from Tigris to Panther, it is opening up additional menu opportunities for them to be adopting things like BV, CV and some of our other products. So we see really good growth with our largest customers in the US, we're also continuing to see, and what we're still in the early-ish innings is the international expansion and all those Panthers we placed internationally during COVID, as those are coming online. And I think what I love about these businesses, frankly, is they bring on one or two assays at a time, they get more experience, and then they bring more. And so it's not like a one off pop. That frankly might be better in the short term, but the harder to laugh. And so what we really have going on around the world, our customers all over the place, just gradually bringing on either additional assays or as we come out with new menu, being able to build that and that installed base of Panthers that we're able to just drive more throughput through is what really makes us feel very good about the future.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, I think Jack, the more we look at the BCI test and the opportunities ahead of us, I think we're still in the earlier innings on what that business can become. And there's, since we've owned it, and watching the team operate, I think we just feel incredibly good about the long term potential. So it was still well accretive and still growing nicely here. We just don't want to be breaking it out down to the level given the size of it, but feel really, really good about the opportunity.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, I think Jack, I think that the magic that because we are both Diagnostics and med tech, to your first part of that question. It does open up the opportunity for additional things, and we're seeing some interesting things that would allow us to build on our Surgical platform or our breast cancer, the breast surgery business areas. So we continue to look in those areas. And frankly, I think some of the valuations in those areas might be a little bit better than say, for example, some of the Diagnostics one. So I think we certainly can shop in that aisle. And coming back to the second part of your question and the other aisle, we can shop in the specialty labs. I think one of the things we're really proud of with Biotheranostics is it actually makes money which you very well know that a lot of the specialty labs there's a lot of great top line revenue, but a lot of expense and not much profit. And so I think we continue to want to be thinking about things that can be generating bottom line. As Karleen is staring at me hard right now. I'm making part of that up, but I've worked with her long enough to know her discipline so we're being very mindful and careful in that space and continuing to feel like, what we know we're good at is taking existing assets that are on the market and operating them pretty well. We don't want to take on, wildly diluted things, just because we have the cash. And we've continued to, I think, be patient and the underlying performance of our businesses continues to give us that ability to be patient. So hopefully, that gave you the landscape here, Jack. Thank you.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, I think we think about it by business segment. And I think what we've really said, Vijay is that each of our businesses this year should be within that 5% to 7%. So I think that has us feel really good. Obviously, within each of the businesses, we're not going to go down that product line by product line, right. But if you played it out, right, Surgical, you got MyoSure and Fluent growing faster than that you have NovaSure lower than that, right. We've got that always across the businesses. But I think the way to think about it is we feel really good about each of our businesses growing in that range. And I will tell you that internationally, each of those businesses is certainly at the higher end of that range, if not slightly beyond. So we've got it across, every business has growth drivers. And like any business, there's always a few that aren't growing as fast. And, that's just the nature of the beast. But overall, I think what we're, again, magically, every one of our businesses is in that frame.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, I think the big piece that affected molecular in the quarter, the single biggest was the four fewer selling days. It's a disposable run rate business. And if you think about that, that knocked, between 400 and 600 basis points off the quarterly growth rate, frankly, depending on exactly how the days fall. And both that quarter and this quarter that we're in now, the second quarter are going against these ridiculously strong comps of over 20-ish percent molecular growth from a year ago. But I think the overall run rate, and the sheer size of the businesses now we feel very good about.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Thanks, Puneet. Yes, don't assume a real change in the margin structure. I think the real win here is for is the workflow, I will tell you, our key customers are incredibly excited, as you will know, right? One of the biggest issues right now, running labs, everything else is workers and cytologists especially trying to read these slides. It's been a very manual and labor intensive process. I can tell you going back to one of my first meetings with Quest, when I got in this role, almost 10 years ago, call that meeting with nine years ago, with discussions around, the workflow of cytology, and it was one of their biggest concerns. So our team has gone out and really addressing that, and I think the magic is going to be unleashing that as we are internationally as well. It's been part of what's starting to drive the growth in our European business has been having that approval already over there. So feeling really good, as well as, frankly, the reduction of the false negatives. So it's just that much more accurate. And going forward. So I think it's going to breed, we think it's going to breed some new life. Particularly, it's been the excitement from our customers that I think has been the galvanizing part for us.
Steve MacMillan: You're right, I wouldn't underestimate that there's still going to be continued gantry placement. So a lot of the core is actually still the gantry placements. And then it's the service and the revenue and the additional AI and other things that we sell underneath it. But I think we continue to feel very good about the gantry placements, really from a couple of standpoints. First off, there's still kind of the tail end of going from 2D to 3D. But we're really into the mode now of also the early adopters of 3D. Their machines are now need to be upgraded. And with all the additional enhancements we've made to the system, we continue to place those gantries, so I think it's and we've turned it into certainly a much more diversified business. But at the core the gantries are still a very key foundational component of the strength of our business.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, I think we continue to feel pretty good from, most of our customers around the CapEx side, I think when people were more fearful year, year and a half ago, we kind of felt like it was still okay, if there's little bits that dribble back in that's fine, too. But I think overall, we think we're in reasonable position and not seeing any dramatic changes one way or the other, least affecting our business. And again, we're not the biggest capital component for the hospitals, as are the ERP systems or the certainly the big iron pieces, we continue to feel like, regardless, we're in a good position.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, we're really proud of what the international team has been doing and looking at selective pricing opportunities. They've been very disciplined on the cost side, so that we're still dilutive. Our international growth is still diluted, certainly to the gross margin, and it touch on the operating margin. But our team's being very disciplined and try to help lessen that gap over time.
Steve MacMillan: Hey, Derik, starting on, there certainly as we face very formidable competitors. And there's a lot of hand to hand combat. The flip side is, and I think it is the piece that people consistently miss, is how much opportunity there is to expand our markets, right? Let's go to surgical for a moment. Nobody ever would have imagined that MyoSure would have someday gotten to be as big as NovaSure, when we first launched it. And now it dwarfs NovaSure, and is still growing strongly as we've come out with BV, CV, BV, CV may become our largest assay, it's sometimes it's hard to fully understand the impact in the end size of the market creation that we're doing. So we just want people to understand it's hard to fully identify because we're growing and building these markets. And when you look at even some of the data that we got from the Global Women's Health Index, where women's health sits, and testing sits globally, is still a fraction of what it should be, right? If you consider that only 10% of all women in the world got tested that should for STIs, that alone would say the market is probably 10x. Now, we're not going to realize that in the next five years either. So to call the total available market, truly 10x because it's not quite accessible at that level. It's we're in between. So, I think the gist is we continue to pioneer new products, new assays, and grow and create these markets over time.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, completely. So first as a reminder, recall that we did launch our 3D performance and then our 3D. And what we've been doing is gradually improving, and working in better imaging, better detection all through. So it's not like we're selling a 10 year old product, even though we'd be up at it's now 10 years, a little 11 years since we got the 3D approved, but we've been selling newer products along the way. And having said that, we are working on additional hardware and gantry changes as well, that will evolve here, over the next few years.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, I think, we would consider something in that range. If it brings significant revenue, and frankly, EBITDA. So, we're not going to embark on something of that size for a science project or something early stage or something that's losing money, I would say, you would only expect us to do something like that we have the capacity. But it would have to be a pretty special asset. There's not a lot of things, but there are a few things we're looking at in that range. And we continue to be incredibly disciplined, but it will be established businesses that we think, we can improve upon in terms of their ability to contribute to us. So thank you.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, I think, relative to the AI front, as it relates to Breast health, we've been, on the leading edge for quite some time between our CAD programs and A, the Genius AI Detection program. So we continue to feel very good, particularly as it relates to the workflow advantages, and the linkage to our workstations and our products. And on the second question of international, I think, again, we've been generating, frankly, double digit growth for our international business for the better part, yes, excluding COVID-ish for last five or six years, and continue to see international being accretive to our overall growth rate here for years to come. So thank you very much.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, so let me take it into part two on the gross margin line. The chips in the network optimization efforts are probably about a 50 to 75 point basis headwinds to gross margins. And again, we see have line of sight to that improving over the course of the year, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks on operating expenses. If you looked at just Q1, if you took out the impact of kind of the seasonally high Q1, operating expenses, operating margins would been close to that 30%. So just moving through the year as we see those dynamics of the gross margin. In the normal step down and operating expenses, we see line of sight to extend year 31%. I do think that is a good jumping off point, I think I would caution from significant improvement over the course of ’25 from there, given those are really, as we said, peer leading operating expenses. And we always want to continue to make sure that we are investing the right amount back into R&D and innovation and see the benefits like we saw last night with the approval of digital cytology.
Karleen Oberton: I'll just add two points to that, Patrick, while we haven't given up our Panther utilization, I would say that we are seeing that our Panther utilization grow year-over-year. And the other metric I would give you that we went back to 2019, around 20% of our customers were running four more assays, that's probably close to doubled here at the end of ‘23. So those are things that should give us confidence of the stickiness of the Panther and the customers are adding menu.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, I think we certainly have several quarters of backlog probably going into early ’25 at what I'll call elevated levels. We traditionally have but backlog for this business, given the capital nature of it, but we see it being elevated for probably the next three to five quarters, as we work through that backlog and supply, the gantries to our customers.
Karleen Oberton: So what I would say is that the respiratory menu is on the Fusion sidecar. So that's where we see the most upside coming through in that respiratory menu. But certainly, as we've talked about BV, CVs is really leading the growth in the Molecular Diagnostics business at this point primarily in the US longer term. That's a great opportunity internationally. But also seeing customers take on some of our legacy women's health assays as well. So feel good about that the whole menu is driving the growth but led by BV, CV at this point.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, the biggest issue here in Q2 is the comps that is driving. So if you looked at Q2 of ‘23 DX ex- COVID grown 15%, molecular within that grown 24%, breast over 25% and surgical over 25%. So I think what we've been saying all along is that Q2 was just a standing quarter. Proud of that quarter. As we went into Q3 and Q4, we have more normalized comps that were going against that drive that improved growth rate in the back half.
Karleen Oberton: I think, as we've talked about, we think of COVID as upside. So as the guide would indicate as a continued step down each quarter. I mean, it's hard to really tell if there's another flu season next year that drives a little elevated COVID. But, again, we were looking at his upside. And so, maybe even think about something less than what we're anticipating for ‘24 and ‘25.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, so let me first frame that to extent the global minimum tax rate is in fact good for us. It doesn't impact us till fiscal ‘26. So we've got some time before we have to deal with that I would say, given this lack of legislation here in the US, it's really hard to say what the impact is. But I would tend to think it'd be more on the middle side, given that our tax rate is already over the 15%. In regard to the change in the amortization for R&D expense, probably minimally favorable for us, but really minimal impact given us just a timing issue, really, in any event.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, so 1Q was a little unique in that and two pieces, our interest income was actually higher than our interest expense. Given that we still had a favorable interest rate hedging place which actually expired at the end of December. So moving forward, our interest expense, our weighted average cost of debt will increase about 100 basis points through the balance of the year, which really drives that flip and that interest expense will be higher than interest income, to the tune of roughly that $30 million to $50 million. Also in Q1 is we had about $4 million to $5 million of benefit below the line from our mark-to-market investments which really our EPS mutual they offset mark-to-market liability on deferred compensation. So we really don't forecast any benefit or expense related to that because again, this offset and operating expenses so it's really maintaining a high cash balance and I'm assuming some deployment as we exit the year. But it's really that exploration of that interest rate hedge contract that drives higher interest expense.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, and I think there's opportunities as we go direct in key markets, not only do we see better revenue performance, but that is usually typically accretive to the margin line as well.
