Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Thanks, Tycho. And by the way, Tony and the rest of the guys at the warehouse are busting their butts right now. So -- and part of it is on Panthers. We have, as you can imagine, getting a significant increase in interest in Panthers around the world. And I think everybody is realizing just what an incredible platform it is. So as a reminder, folks, we've been placing about 200 to 250 Panthers a year. Generally in that, call it, 20-ish a month. We are also scaling capacity right now for Panthers, they're much longer lead times but we're having significant additional requests, particularly as well, frankly, from departments of health, some of the additional labs from hospitals, but it's across the board and including even the largest reference labs. So it's almost across the board, people wanting to get even more access to capacity.  On the serology piece, to your second part, yes, don't expect us to really do anything there. We're not sure we bring anything to the party in that game. We're just putting all of our resources in the molecular world that we know so well.
Stephen MacMillan: I'll try to answer this real simply because it's an incredibly insightful question, Patrick. We've never had more calls from people wanting our products. And I mean this on a very global basis, right to various regions within European countries, particularly, frankly, all across Europe but also wildly in the U.S. We've literally been in touch with virtually every governor's office. It seems like half of Congress, obviously, with the White House Task Force on a daily basis, the Department of Defense, it's been mind blowing in terms of the interest, really just since we launched the PCR assay. And Kevin Thornal, our commercial teams and our European teams, even the Asia Pac teams, right down to the Prime Minister in New Zealand, I mean we've got everybody reaching out to us and it is elevating our profile to a very different level than anything we've ever experienced. And there is zero doubt in my mind that's absolutely creating a tremendous runway for us coming out of this.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think it's still an evolving piece, Patrick. I think -- frankly, our orders were positive in the quarter. We had a tremendous Breast Health orders quarter. I do worry and having lived through the '08-'09 downturn, where I know a lot of the hospitals and the radiology suites, they want new capital. I'm sure in a month or 2, as things start to settle back down, you know hospital CFOs are going to go back through their CapEx with a fine tooth comb and do some of those get pushed out.  I think if we're a betting person, I think Breast Health will probably be a little slower to come back because of that. Now the positive for us is, remember, we don't really get paid on a -- even as the patients take a little time to get back in, we've got the capital sales and then the recurring revenue in a lot of cases, really from service and those kinds of things. So it probably won't go down quite as deeply but it will probably be a longer road back.
Stephen MacMillan: Great question, Brian. And I think as we look forward, certainly, some of this will be volume dependent, but we've been building our capacity to be able to serve, even as the core business comes back to also be able to meet these demands. So it's -- we're looking at our total capacity to be able to deliver on this.
Stephen MacMillan: It's not a focus at this point. We've been so locked and loaded on trying to realize this major testing opportunity, which we think is going to be the single biggest need to really get people back to work and everything else. But like everything else, as we get this out the door and as the science continues to evolve, our team will be looking at the areas that do make some sense for us. And that one clearly would be closer in, but nothing under progress at this point or nothing under development at this point, to be honest.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. On the second part, yes, you can run Panther and Fusion simultaneously. In terms of supply, I think part of the reason, frankly, that Dr. Birx and the government are so excited that we're a little bit of the cavalry coming to the rescue here is we already have the systems everywhere. We're the only folks that have high throughput systems in all 50 states. So while there were a lot of tests that were approved and suddenly people are scrambling for equipment, I think we feel pretty good that we've already got this massive installed base that's been building over the last 6, 7 years as opposed to this mass scramble now. Can we supplement it? Are we getting additional requests? Yes. But fundamentally, we can ship 3 million tests next week. And the capacity is already there to be able to produce -- to be able to run those.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Doug, I think, again, the best thing we have going for us is already the installed base that we have out there. It's hard to underscore the people over 1,000 of these systems in the United States. So let's just take an example, Northwell hospital or the more than 400 of these that are already in the hospitals. One of the key areas to keeping our health care workers safe is making sure that they're all tested on a regular basis. So picture this. Most of the hospitals that already have these employees at the end of the day could all be tested. The test can be run overnight and in the morning, they know if somebody shouldn't show up for work. The same can be true in so many decentralized areas, even companies around, not necessarily via us, but there's going to be labs all over the place, very close that we'll be able to run these things.  So it's back to -- it's not point -- let's be very clear, we are not point of care, but we are able to run a whole bunch of tests in a very local geography. So to a large degree, again, if somebody wants to do a drive-through, pop-up thing, there's generally a Panther not too far away that they should be able to access through either a hospital lab, one of the reference labs or even the departments of health within their states. So again, we -- do we wish we had even more? Yes, but it's already an incredible installed base that again, nobody else has had. When you look at the marketplace, you got point-of-care on one end and you've got the massive systems in a centralized reference lab at the other end, which you have not had is the ability to have high throughput testing close to the patient to be able to deliver those results where and when they're needed, not a week later.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, Ivy. I'll start backwards. In terms of market share, we're not really focused on that the way we typically are because I think we're all rooting -- it's a unique time in the world where I think we're less about competing against each other and more all trying to race to create enough capacity to help not just this country but help the world get back to work, which kind of gets back to the first part of your question. There are so many unknowns. Come the fall, are we running 500,000 tests a day. Are we running 200,000 tests a day, we're running 3 million tests a day in the U.S. It's just so hard to know at this point in time. We are planning to continue to invest in capacity. Candidly, one of the biggest rate-limiting steps for us is our very unique cap system, which is what makes our system so highly automated.  We're building more cap machines. These things typically take 18 months to build. We've got people working around the clock to try to build them and call it a 6-month time frame. So we want to be prepared to bring on even more capacity later in the fall, ahead of the next flu season in the Northern Hemisphere because we do believe the way we look at it is, next year, when anybody -- there's any outbreak of flu or anything as soon as somebody coughs we're going to be wanting to be testing them just for regular flu as well as for COVID. So we want to have even more capacity online by the fall. But I don't really want to get into giving specific numbers.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. At the end of the day, we view there's going to be a massive need for diagnostic testing because at the end of -- even in a serology world, first off, there's so many unknowns with serology, as you well know, just because you may have some antibodies and it may appear -- are you really immune to others? There's just a lot of uncertainties to it and it's still going to be only a percentage of the population.  At the end of the day, what is going to be critically important to getting people confident to go back into the workplace, to get to back to where we can have everybody back in school, have people traveling on airplanes again, has got to be a robust testing real-time capability. And that plays to our strength. That's where our focus is. And again, how big the serology market becomes on that end, we don't know but we frankly think there's enough for us to play in, in the area that we know a lot about.
Stephen MacMillan: Anthony, say hi to Raj for us, too. As it relates to the swab, the magic that we referenced, obviously, is we're -- we've qualified our Aptima swab to be used along with us. So the great part about it is we basically have some degree, it's a closed system, we can ship the swab and the vials together, boom, they test, use our swab and they're ready to go. So we're providing the customer with effectively a complete package. And I think that's going to dramatically streamline. I think it's hard for people that aren't close to these to fully understand the incredible workflow efficiencies that come from using the Aptima system all the way through. So that should be a huge advantage for us.  On the Boston news with Minerva, I think we continue to feel really good about what our Surgical business is doing. As we mentioned, it was up 14.7% through the first 2 months of the last quarter. Our Surgical business has just really had an incredible turnaround and strength over the last couple of years. Clearly, Boston was not -- they're an incredibly successful company and having a challenge in that space with those products, I think our team is quite happy to see whoever is out there and continue to fight. So we think we've got better products and a better sales team.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, David. And I think the way to think about the barriers that you're getting to is, I think one of the biggest barriers, let's face it, just in normal day-to-day activities has been people who feel like they should be tested to actually getting tests. And so I think they've -- all of the states, all the hospitals, all the doctors have been fairly restrictive in allowing people to get tested. You've had to fight through hoops and everything just to get a test because the supply was so constrained. So I think one of the magical things that may start to happen right now is as people start to get more comfortable that there's -- the supply is really starting to ramp up, I think we will start to see a little bit more of the loosening of the gauntlet that a patient has to run through to get tested.  And I think as we start to open that up, to me, the magic of that will be, we'll start to get truly more tests out there. The ability of the people on the front line just to administer the swabs, so I think, again, in our case, we're going to have the swabs. You don't need separate transport media when it gets to the lab, you don't need somebody to extract it from the transport media, put it into another vial. So there's an incredible -- and I think you understand as well, there's an incredible efficiency on that side. So I think it's like everything, even in another week, things will start to go out. You know what we know that Dr. Birx and her team are in touch with all the public health labs, letting people know where we're coming. There's incredible excitement there. I think those things will, I think, help to finally unlock. It's not going to be the unlock, but I think the progress there will really start to see coming in a big way.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would just add to kind of remind folks that the U.S. gantries, the U.S. capital is only about 21% of the total divisional revenue at this point in time.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. And I would just say, we have, as Steve made meaningful investments in capital to do that, so that we don't have to make those trade offs.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would say that the 1 million per week is an average. So with lot -- this product is built in lot, so we may not actually ship 1 million each week. But yes, that probably gets you pretty close.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. And I would just add, the biggest component of revenue for that business is the service business. So this stability within foundationally for that division was that recurring revenue.
