Steve MacMillan: Sure. Thanks, Isaac. I think in Breast Health, yes, I think we just continue to feel that we’re doing very well on an overall share basis. I think we – one of our key competitors, I think it looked like they might have had a half decent quarter earlier in the year and gained a little momentum. I think we’ve pushed that back and just continued to gain a hugely disproportionate share in 3D relative to our overall market share. So I think we just continued to feel great. Nothing obvious from any of the disruption over there. I think on the cytology front, again as well, we just continued to strengthen our shares. We’re so strong there. I don’t think much additional movement up, but feeling really good about where we are in both of those areas. And as you know, obviously, in Breast Health, we like that strong position and feel like it’s going to continue to help us leap forward.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Isaac. You know what, I feel so great about the leadership in place. And we just had our global leadership team together for the last couple of days for all of our businesses. And I think if you look at the presidents we have sitting around that table, everybody has so much confidence in the team, particularly, that we’ve put in place in Cynosure. And again, you look at the international Breast Health numbers that we’re posting right now, and you are with us on the journey, you know where we stood six, seven, five, eight ago in international Breast Health. That was Kevin Thornal. Kevin went in the first few quarters of Europe. We’re still weak when he went over there in Breast Health. And today, it’s thriving. And Kevin is doing the same magic with the Cynosure business. We’ve got a great VP of Sales. He’s rebuilding the team. We’ve got all the strength of the folks that have stayed with us. And I think it’s really going to be a more magical team as we go forth. We’re in that classic scenario, and you’ve heard me say it before, where sometimes, the numbers are better than an organization; sometimes, the organization is getting better than the numbers. And I think we feel really good that, that organization right now is getting better than the numbers and starting to see that, certainly some progress here in the last quarter. I think it’s just going to play out over the course of this year. But I think we just feel so much better. We’ve got TempSure coming out the door. The folks we’ve got in that organization today, really excited and building for the future.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Jack. We are in that very, very early stages of actually placing Fusion. We’re in the de minimis numbers at this point, just starting to get it out there. So I think – and even with the flu and respiratory stuff, obviously no impact yet this year. We got it out too late. So as we go into next year, I think that will start to be in effect. Now having said that, respiratory in molecular in the big labs is still a fairly small business. But we really like what Fusion is going to do, less over the coming quarters and more over the coming years.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, great, Tycho. I’d say we’re in the late early innings in the turnaround. I think we’ve got a couple of more quarters, candidly, probably of some Surgical softness as that team really rebuilds it. But I think we exit this fiscal year in a good trajectory for that business. We’ve been making key leadership changes within that organization and have actually moved pretty quickly. I think we got a little fat, dumb and happy when we had the competitive withdrawal. It’s the reverse of what I said earlier. Sometimes the numbers look better than the organization, and sometimes the organization looks better than the numbers. I think our Surgical business looked – the numbers were better than the organization a year ago. And now we’re reversing that, much as we’re doing with Cynosure, to build for the future. But I think a couple of more quarters before we’re really back where we want to be.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Remember, Vijay, that most of the impact on the U.S. numbers this quarter was the four fewer selling days versus last year. That was clearly accentuated in the U.S. and especially in those disposable businesses. I think, on the core, we feel good about what our molecular business is doing. If you days-adjusted that in the United States, I think you’d have – it would have been very much high singles, possibly borderline double digit. So some very good underlying performances there. I think Surgical was clearly weaker, and that was going against both the big comp and fewer selling days. But as we said, we got some work to do there to strengthen that. So I think the good news, as we look at it, is Breast Health, Diagnostics, our two largest businesses, both in the U.S. and globally, performing well. And we really do think we’ve got international on a sustainable growth rate that really is pushing that double-digit number that we’ve been aspiring to, as you know, for a while, and we’ve now delivered it a number of quarters in a row and expect to continue that.
Steve MacMillan: Dan, I think that’s our bigger challenge that we’re in the midst of, I think, taking some very good actions to fix. But I think, last year at this time, they certainly sold a whole bunch in, frankly sold some to some customers that probably didn’t really know how to use the product as effectively, and we’ve been unwinding that and really focusing now on how we build it for the right path. I think the positive is, I think we’ve really gotten our hands around that. At this point, our understanding of our organization is totally on top of it. And in the meantime, I think the real nuggets that show we’ve got some good things going are the growth in both women’s health as well as skin. And I think that’s where we’re starting to see some real traction that the new organization knows what’s it’s doing and frankly, quietly, very bullish about what we may be able to do with MonaLisa Touch, which is – could be a key leverage point for us as we also rebuild and restore SculpSure to its rightful place.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, we’re really looking at it both R&D and marketing and really across division. So what we’ve done is each division has put forth a list of some things. And I would say, it really is fairly, I wouldn’t say balanced, but fairly spread across the various businesses. And it’s a project tier there that we might be accelerating by 6 months or something else we might get started on a little bit earlier as well as some additional marketing activities to help drive the overall category demand for a number of these categories where we’re the market leaders. So nothing that’s going to dramatically affect revenue in 2018 but I think the kind of stuff that will probably start to show up in 2019 and beyond.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. First off, I’d be remiss if I didn’t say that I’m very pleased how my Eagles performed in your hometown during the Super Bowl. And I think Brevera is off to a good start. And Mike Watts is shaking his head. But I think it’s really interesting. If we’re brutally honest with you, Affirm, that we launched, call it, a year, 1.5 years ago, got off to a slightly slower start than we would have hoped. And yet Affirm is doing very well now. And I will tell you, people NT who runs that business for us, and we really dug in. What we realized is we hadn’t really launched any non-mammography products in a long time in Breast Health. And this is back to a cultural piece as you start to see where we are in our organizational maturity. While Affirm didn’t get off to a great start, but is thriving today, we learned a lot about that and applied it to the Brevera launch, which is just getting more familiar with, getting it in front of the Capital Committee sooner, and Brevera really has come out of the gates humming. And the great part about Brevera, unlike Affirm, is Brevera brings a very strong disposable stream. So the more we get these Breveras placed today, it’s going to create that ongoing revenue stream that we feel really good about. In terms of full penetration levels, I mean, some of that, probably I’m not ready to fully figure that out, but it’s a game-changing technology that, frankly, I think every hospital should end up certainly with a Brevera in their suite.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, and the bigger strategic piece is, this gets back to as we’ve been saying, we’ve got this great installed base in mammography. How can we build around that and create, a, more revenue and more recurring revenue, and Brevera is sort of one of the perfect examples of the kinds of things we want to be doing here. I think it’s going to really help us. It goes back to breaking that huge cliff that everybody was so worried about a couple of years ago.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. We always worry about the pressures, and PAMA is another one of those many things we deal with. I think the biggest piece of it that we feel good about is we’ve been partnering increasingly, especially with our largest customers, in helping to drive the categories and expanding the categories and getting more testing. And through a combination of both, our OB/GYN sales force is detailing as well as increasing outreach to – through some direct-to-patient, really, education around things like, “yes means test,” and a lot of the things we have going on and co-testing and things like that. So I think our major lab partners are seeing that we’re not just a vendor. We’re more than that. And we’re really helping to grow the overall categories and drive their business as well as our business and frankly, improving public health. So I think we’re in a pretty good spot there, not to say there’s always going to be pressures, but I think we can – our efforts will help us fight through those.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, I think MyoSure was in line, and we would certainly hope and expect it to still be a double-digit grower for the course of the year. Generally, we want to be careful not to give too much product line detail, but we feel pretty good about that product continuing to thrive.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, I’d say the first piece is we’re in such the early days. The hep B was just approved. So we’re literally just training up the sales force and getting that rolling. And I think this is one that we think, just given the way contracts expire and allow lockups and everything else, it’s going to be a slow build. But we’ve always thought about the virals as really being – increasing drivers in 2019 and even more in 2020 as they build up. So I think, in a lot of ways, just we feel great about what those will bring for the future. So sales force, early on, wouldn’t expect any tax reform piece to be affecting those at all right now.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, David. They certainly would benefit and can benefit from a third product. The flip side is we think they can be doing a better job with the two that they have right now, and it always becomes the easy answer from an underperforming salesperson to say they need more. And yet, our top people, frankly, still are finding more opportunity. So there are opportunities. I do think, to your point with MonaLisa Touch, I think there will be some opportunities more for, frankly, cross-referrals than necessarily having them sell it directly, but I think working in a little closer partnership with the Cynosure sales to open some more doors, and we’re just starting to see some of the early successes there. Having said all that, to your big point, Surgical is absolutely an area that we could use another product and is on the lookout for tuck-in acquisitions. So I would hope, over the coming years, we will be able to broaden that product line to your exact point.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. As it relates to Cynosure, I’d say in the hiring process, we’re easily into the sixth, seventh inning and feeling really good about numerically. And a number of them have been going through training. Most of the hires actually have recently been trained. And I think it’s where we feel really good about where we’ll be in the coming quarters. But they don’t go out and hit the street day one and immediately be productive. So that’s what we’ve been saying here, we figure we’d exit this year, our fiscal year, which is the July to September quarter. I think we ought to be in great shape by that point and again, building nicely between now and then. The team getting much, much stronger.
Steve MacMillan: We’re always going to be probably a little conservative as we think about the ramp ups to some of these things. And most of the Diagnostics products really do take time. Having said that, I think we feel great about Panther and the opportunities to put more on Panther’s, including the virals, should be very beneficial for us here over time.
Steve MacMillan: It was actually on the TV and Mike Watch’s office, because it was better for him to watch that because it was worse to watch CNBC at this point.
Steve MacMillan: I think it is much as some seasonality here more than anything, Brian, over the last quarter-ish on the MQSA stuff. The MQSA stuff also, there’s some swirly stuff in some of those numbers. So as we try to reconcile them, I’d put it as directional at best. But I think fundamentally, between our 3Dimensions, our 3D Performance, we’re feeling pretty good, and I think especially the 3D Performance, as an ability to kind of continue to help push through this cycle. So we’re not detecting any material downturn in the market as we hit the state. Is it getting harder to – and requiring more work as you get further out in this – in the curve? Absolutely. But I think, frankly, it may even benefit us given our strength and our commitment and our resolve in this category as well as the benefits we’re bringing. So I probably feel, as Bob said, incrementally even better today about our Breast Health business than we did six months ago, both – and really both domestically and internationally.
Steve MacMillan: Great. We’re not going down at that level of detail. But I think we continue to feel – international has been relatively strong, and it’s been the U.S., it’s been the larger rebuild.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, I think the – clearly, the initial customer base for TempSure as its launching now is definitely much more the core cosmetic and derm audience, where we’ve always had a lot of strength as well. In terms of specific product-level guidance, I’m probably not going to go there. But I don’t think those numbers are wildly out of range, but we don’t want to get down to quite that level. As you can see, we’re trying to provide more detail than certainly what Cynosure used to provide as an independent company. Well, we’re not going to go down to individual product stuff.
Steve MacMillan: It – truthfully, it’s varied by customer. We have some that are doing really well and others, candidly, that I think where we sold it in and didn’t have the follow-up, and those are the ones we’re going back and working to improve now.
Bob McMahon: Hey, Isaac, this is Bob. I think in addition to that, in addition to the U.S., obviously with the strength that we’re seeing in our international business, that’s being driven by our Breast Health business. So we also believe that we’re gaining share internationally there as well. And that we believe that, that will continue to be a strong growth driver for us, not only through the rest of this year, but beyond.
Bob McMahon: Yes, and I think, Jack, while the end is small, certainly, customer feedback has been incredibly positive. And so we’re actually very excited about that for the long term. And again, it’s probably less a growth driver for 2018, but it sets us up very nicely for 2019 and beyond.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I think we’re not going to get into the habit of giving that every quarter. I think given our first quarter, maybe I feel a little less good about the Surgical business, maybe a little better about Breast Health. I think everything else is probably in line.
Bob McMahon: Yes, we’re probably not going to give product-level detail there. I mean, we feel really good about TempSure. As we’ve said before, we expect strength growing throughout the course of the year with Cynosure, and the second half of the year, we would expect to be stronger than the first half of the year. We are fighting against a seasonality in the first quarter – in the second fiscal quarter, where, typically, that is lighter. And so the positives are our sales organization is getting stronger as well. And so the question – and as well as launching the new product. So the question is how much of that is going to be able to overcome that, but certainly feel good about the progress that we’re making.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hey, Vijay, this is Bob. Just to put some numbers to it. As we said in our prepared remarks, the extra days were slightly more than $20 million in Q1 of last year, and the significant majority of that was in the U.S.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I think, as we said in our prepared remarks, the kind of sequential decreases is really probably a couple of things. The first and foremost is the blood screening business and how that was – how we’re looking at that. And there is some seasonality in Surgical and in Medical Aesthetics. We have seen early in January, some combination of kind of the bad weather and the flu, somewhat impacted, and you’ve heard that from some of our customers. But primarily, if you look at quarter-over-quarter over the last several years, our second quarters been in line roughly with the first quarter.
Bob McMahon: Yes, what I would say to add to that, Bill, just to give maybe a little bit more flavor, the life cycle of an Affirm Prone Biopsy table is longer than a life cycle of a Brevera.
Bob McMahon: Yes, Chris, as we said, Surgical was one of the ones that was probably most impacted by the days as well given it’s the consumable side of the business. But I agree with you, Steve.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I agree. And in addition to that, Chris, just as a another side, the utilization of our Panther systems continues to grow on a global basis. And I think the benefits of the Panther system will really help drive the adoption of the viral loads over time.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Hey, David, yes, on the first question regarding the 23%. We feel pretty good about that, and that’s our best guess right now. So I don’t envision it changing too much throughout the course of the year. And regarding the investment, yes, you’re roughly in the ballpark, and I think given some of the opportunities that we have, obviously, we’re going to be disciplined. But we do think that we can use that money to invest, particularly in things like marketing efforts and so forth, to strengthen the business for the long haul.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I think to build on what you’re saying, Steve, I think one of the things that the team has done is really just portfolio sell. So it’s not just about converting a gantry or a mammography machine. It’s the Affirm Prone Biopsy System, it’s the Brevera system there. And we believe that all of those are best-in-class. And so that really helps that portfolio sell throughout the course of the sales replacement cycle.
Bob McMahon: Yes, Rich. And in regards to the additional indication, those will come over time throughout the course of this year and the first half of next year.
Bob McMahon: Yes, and what I would say, Rich, is that the PAC key revenue continues to grow year-over-year, but still a lot of long way to go.
