Robert Cascella: Thanks, Glenn. To wrap up, with the first half of the fiscal year behind us, we are solidly on track to meet our full year guidance. I am proud to say, as I have in the past, that one of the hallmarks of Hologic is that we remained steadfast in our commitment to deliver the finest quality products in the world and uncompromising when it comes to exceeding our expectations. Moreover, our mid- to long-term success is further enhanced by the tireless dedication of our Hologic associates, further by the strength of our products, our obsession with market leadership and our potential for future growth.  This now concludes our opening remarks. We will be happy to answer any of your questions. With that, operator, please open up the call for 30 minutes of Q&A.
Robert Cascella: The domestic units, if we think about the market, we are at the level of market maturity relative to penetration of digital. So that the remaining buyers, those that have not converted to digital yet are really buying at the very low end. And we are competing for products against the lower-end offerings of the likes of GE or Siemens and certainly to some extent, Fuji CR. There are some bright spots in the U.S. market and that is that some of the aging early installs of digital are converting to new systems, and those new systems tend to be the Dimensions product. So we are having relatively good success with the Dimensions 2D in the U.S., albeit on a small percentage. As we've said in my script, the replacement market in the U.S. is expected to accelerate over the next 12 to 18 months. So although we are picking up systems, it's probably 10% of the Selenias that are being sold, our Dimension types that are being sold into replacement customers, I should say. On an international basis, we're selling both the 2D and 3D versions of the product, and we remain pleased with the progress that we're making in tomosynthesis, but we're also realistic it does require significant clinical efforts in each market that we are targeting, and in fact, have four or five clinical studies going on right now in places like Oslo, right outside of Paris, outside of London and so on and so forth. And we're doing so in order to gain some clinical validation, but also to then use that clinical validation for public sector support and reimbursement. So we're happy with the progress. But again, the international markets and if we particularly focus on Europe, is one that is slower to move within the public sector for the reasons I just gave.
Robert Cascella: I think that certainly makes a lot of sense. I think we are approaching this on the basis that we certainly want to maintain a level of conservatism going into Q3 for the reasons that we gave earlier, and that is are we seeing any kind of effect on the consumer side of this healthcare model, which we then relate to ongoing a little procedure volumes. We see some recovery, but we also have seen as evidenced in Q2 that there was a defined drop in procedure volumes that we responded to by, we think, greater market share. But nonetheless, it is not yet clear to us as to whether or not we'll see an ongoing and persistent effect from unemployment. So we did take a more conservative view of Q3.
Robert Cascella: Sure. Steve, why don't you... A little bit of a description of our next-generation NovaSure system that we're just introducing into the market.
Robert Cascella: If we try to dissect the quarter, it was a combination of higher service revenue at the effective gross margins that Glenn summarized. But in addition to that, we really have a mix shift and we can't forget about that. And that mix shift is a higher content of Capital Equipment as well as our higher content of Capital Equipment being shipped outside the United States. All of which create what would appear to be gross margin erosion. So I don't want to put a stake in the ground and say that's our new level because as soon as we say that, we'll have a shift in the other direction and the Device businesses will have an up quarter or represent a higher percentage of our total revenues. And as a result, we'll have 100 basis point shift in gross margins for the positive. I think what we mean is the variability of this business from quarter-to-quarter.
Robert Cascella: No, I mean, the Device businesses as represented by biopsy devices, surgical devices and to a lesser extent, ThinPrep. And what we have was a shift to capital in the quarter. So we shift more capital, and we shift more capital outside the United States. That's what created margin erosion compounded by a higher content of service. In the following quarter, we can have a pickup in the Device businesses, meaning breast biopsy, GYN Surgical and the like. And we'll have 100 basis point improvement in gross margin. I think, what we need to do when looking at Hologic is understand the diversity of the four segments and understand what happens when there is a change of the volumes in each of those businesses because they all are different and varying profit levels. And we have different profit levels when we shift in the states versus outside the states. So I guess what I'm saying is I think what we saw in the quarter is the reality of what happen relative to the nature of the sales in this quarter. That does not necessarily mean that the sales will follow that same nature from a profitability perspective next quarter.
Robert Cascella: Yes. I think, certainly, we have labs that are highly anticipating it and are waiting for it. With that being said, the majority of our customers have seen the offering that we have to our class one devices, our multipurpose instruments. And I think as they weigh the other benefits or the products that we've talked about numerous times as they sit there and they look at the results they provide a clinicians from a QNS perspective, grey zone, et cetera. I think, what they do is they look at what we have today. And they think that's a very fair offering, and it does cut the workflow from four hours and annual with our competitor to four and a half on our semi-automated and they can drop down to approximately 90 minutes. So they see workflow advantages to date even with what we have. Yes, they like the HTA in the future, but I really think they're looking at this as an opportunity to go out to the OB-GYN and differentiate themselves based on the benefit at that level which is again, QNS and grey zone. And I don't think the lack of having HTA is a deal breaker, although it will cost some customers to wait, but I think we are very competitive today without it.
Robert Cascella: You know what? I think there's a place for other modalities, be it functional imaging or breast MR. I think that the notion of there are always being a place for that kind of technology and that the quality that it brings to an improved diagnostic. We're screening for that matter and a dense breast sort of high-risk women. I truly believe that if anything, although there is a greater utilization of it, we will segment the market and the breast imaging market. We'll always use X-ray, at least for the foreseeable future because it is so efficient to use and it's at a price point that makes it easily adaptable to high volumes of screening. We also believe that with the introduction of tomo, that we at some point, when that becomes a reality in the United States that we'll have an opportunity to offload the magnet, particularly with those women that have dense breast and are in routine screening with what we believe to be the benefits of that technology for breast density.
Robert Cascella: I think that we keep getting more conservative about what we think the overall market opportunity is for breast brachy, but we do believe that we open up an opportunity that puts us on an equal footing, if not better footing, than some of our competitors. And in fact, when we recover some of the share that we lost without having that product, we will focus on broader market adoption as well. But I would say that our opinion about the market is that it's probably the extent of that market is less than what we initially thought, and we say that because of recent guideline changes, some of the economics that surround external beam and so on and so forth.
Howard Doran: Amit, this is Howard. So the first part of your question is did we grow quarter-over-quarter, the answer is yes, from a total revenue perspective. On how it's going is, we continue each and every month to bring on new customers that begin offering Cervista high-risk out in the marketplace and the amount of customers we brought on this past quarter are pretty much in line with the last couple. In addition this past quarter, the national accounts both launched Cervista 1618 on a national scale. They've been working for the last few months on validations that were concluded in our sales team, how the physician level in combination with both of those customers are out, talking about the change in guidelines and how 16 and 18 can fit within those. So we're very encouraged by the traction as far as new customers. We're very excited to now have a national presence with 1618, and I think I answered your revenue question.
Howard Doran: David, we certainly grew internationally because we had an increase in test volume, as far as in the states. We get a lot of data from larger laboratories and many regional ones as well that are very open in sharing volumes with us. We also track wins and losses, and I can tell you, the wins are always very low -- the wins are actually well ahead of the losses. So I really don't think this is share shift at all the competition. I just think we were dealing with, obviously, many labs reported weather being a problem this past quarter. And we still think there's a lingering effect with economy as folks have lost benefits throughout the long duration of unemployment.
Howard Doran: Yes, Vincent. We've talked for quite sometime now about our number one focus being paying down the term loan. We now have to change that a little bit. We've always talked about our desire to increase our cash balance, which is what we plan to do right now. We have a number of different options. As you know, that convertible will come due in December in 2013, and we have to recognize that. At the same time, there's other good uses of our cash as well and we're a little bit hesitant to go into too much detail. We're still trying to formulate exactly what has to go down. But in the meantime, we are very comfortable that we do generate quite a bit of cash flow and we're going to continue to build up that cash balance.
Howard Doran: Our sense is that we'll start seeing improvements in 2011 as we work through volume pickups on the Adiana product line. We think we've seen some absorption benefits on a NovaSure line of recent. We expect those to continue at a much higher level. But what we don't want to do is to shift the overhead problem from one product to the other. So in order to really, fully appreciate and benefit from Costa Rica, we have to get Adiana up to a reasonable volume level.
Howard Doran: No, I think we'll go basically in the full launch. We have concluded plenty of testing by that time, both internally and externally, and we will be very confident in the instrument. So I would not see us putting ourselves into a position where we could not put enough hard work to meet the demand in the marketplace.
Howard Doran: Yes, Bill. This is Howard. Yes, it's a change. At least, I would say the main purpose or the main cause is we've expanded some of the testing that we're actually doing to the validation phase of our product development process. And we're doing it -- I really think just to strengthen this submission before send it to the FDA. As we're becoming aware with all of our products, with stronger package you're sending on the front end, the higher probability you're going to have succes. And we're just taking the extra time to make sure that we have real tight clean package when we submit. It's just going to take a little bit longer period of time.
Howard Doran: Well, I think, what you probably heard is that they were in validation. And an active full-scale launch with our sales reps included started at the tail end of this past quarter. So there was a lot of infrastructure, reps being updated, test codes needed to be out there and so forth. And I just took time as well as the validation with the laboratory, but now both organization that's in combination with our sales team are actually really out pressing at the OB-GYN level this new offering. And I think before we get crazy, excited about the testing volumes, this is a very narrow indication of where you'll use genotyping, but I think its impactful, however, though it will be clinicians now exposed to just the Cervista brand for the first time and leveraging 1618 allows us to have a more global discussion about Cervista high risk as well. So we view this as a tremendous opportunity.
Steven Williamson: When we look into the market for market share, obviously, as you mentioned, the office visits were down for the quarter. And we always go up, there's different ways that we can check to see what the market share percentages are. We do some checks through our sales channels. We also go out to outside sources and all the checks that we did actually showed that we're growing our percentage share or holding it. So they were all very positive checks for us. When you look into -- you've mentioned different things that we might be doing to drive patient awareness. We've really been focusing our programs to increase patient awareness since the inception of the product. It's something global endometrial ablation is really a procedure that a lot of women don't know about. Now moving forward, we'll plan to invest more and more money into these programs until we find that optimal investment level that provides the greatest return for us. So in the coming months and quarters we'll continue to play with the mix to make sure that we are getting the optimal return for the investment there. And then finally, I believe your third question was about bundling NovaSure and Adiana. We'll provide combined contracts where customers require them. And we see that limited areas across the country, but we really believe that each product stands on its own economically, and they don't really need to subsidize each other. But for customers that want to do serial user, used both products we're happy to work with them in any way that we can.
Steven Williamson: We're actually in a limited market release with this next-generation NovaSure device. It's got a couple of different benefits to it. Some refer to physician, some refer to patient. It actually improved the safety mechanism that we've built in, so that it's a little bit easier for physicians to pass the assessment check that takes place before the procedure. There is some ergonomic benefits that have been made to the device as well. And then lastly, we've actually put smooth access tips on the end of the electrode array, which allow the device to open smoothly within the patient's cavity. Now we've got an excellent feedback from the physicians that have used the product so far. And as I mentioned, we're in a limited market release in our physician offices right now, and we'll expect to have a broader release as we go into ACOG and beyond that.
Steven Williamson: This is Steve. We're pretty much taking competitive gains right now. We've gone into many accounts that currently use NovaSure and use our competitors' products as well. And those are the ones that have been quick to trial the products, and those are the ones where we're seeing the most gain.
Steven Williamson: Control placements are interestingly not that vis-a-vis indicator for our business. They're not really a KPI that we track. The majority of the surgeons out there that are doing global endometrial ablation already have access to some form of a NovaSure controller, whether it be at the hospital or in ambulatory surgery center or we've got several different programs that we put in place to get them in the physician's office as well. So it's really not the best metric to track. Unfortunately, there's not a whole lot of information beyond that.
Glenn Muir: Yes, David. We're around that $500 million figure. I think, we're a little bit coming out of the gate a little bit behind where we thought we might have been at the beginning of the year on the earnings side just a little. And we have a little bit of a timing difference on some of our tax payments between Q2 and Q3. So that puts us down back a little bit in Q2. But at the end of the day, we expect to be around that $500 million for fiscal 2010.
Glenn Muir: It is not on the OpEx side, David. I mean, we've done a fairly good job of controlling the expenses and coming in under. Where we're seeing the pressure right now, even though revenues are increasing, is on the gross margin side. And it is a combination of things. I pointed out that number one, our fastest-growing segment of the business right now is Service. But Service is also our lowest gross margin item, even though it increased dramatically over the past couple of years. It's still much lower than even product gross margins. And Rob certainly pointed out that when we look at the Capital Equipment business and Selenia in particular, there is today, still that continued pressure to the lower configuration unit, and then also a pickup in some of our International business. So it is clearly on the gross margin side of the business that we're seeing a little bit of pressure today.
Glenn Muir: I mean, if you're certainly -- and just think about the various tests that can come out of the temperate [ph] vile out of our solution. You just hit the nail on the head, the two most obvious are CT/NG [chlamydia and gonorrhea] and trich. Those are things that we'll be looking at in the future. And obviously, we're looking at other areas as well. But those are the two that have the greatest market potential in regards to the amount of screening for those that are done today. So those are the two most opportunistic, and those would be after we're heading down.
Glenn Muir: No, we felt that the backlog was a little bit of an anomaly seeing it drop at the end of Q2, the March quarter. And we saw a very strong tick up in April that we directly attributed to deals that we thought would close in March, for no real reason. So this would just add timing for a week or so. We don't feel that there's any kind of trend whatsoever. So I feel like the backlog even though we reported it down $20 million, $20-some million was really fairly flat between the two quarters.
Glenn Muir: Sameer, it's Glenn. I think today, as we look through for the balance of this fiscal year, we're in the 61% to 62% range. Now some of the things that are going to positively impact us, we believe will really hit in 2011 and that's really revenue growth. And that's going to be the number one item for us as we begin to cover more overhead. So if we think about the new products that'll be coming out over time, many of those products are the higher-margin disposable products as well, the Cervista, the Adiana, the new NovaSure product. We're all in the 70% gross margin range. So we do believe that when we do come out with '11 guidance, we'll be able to move the gross margin up as long as everything else has basically stabilized. And then hopefully, we get down to a point where we begin to see more Dimensions in the 2D mammography and then Dimensions in the 3D tomo that would take it another step even higher than that. But that's probably the 2011 plus time frame.
