Robert Cascella: Hey, thanks, Glenn. At the beginning of the year we outlined our strategy that included a strong pipeline of products for organic growth, tuck in technology acquisitions, and an international expansion initiative. We believe through the first 3 quarters of this year, we have executed in line with these expectations. Our 3D Dimensions was approved by the FDA, and we've now submitted the HTA for FDA approval. We have completed 2 tuck-in acquisitions and more recently 2 international expansion investments.  We're pleased with our overall performance and solid year-over-year growth in all 4 of our business segments. In Breast Health, we're encouraged by the strong interest in 3D, GYN Surgical grew strongly on a year-over-year basis with both NovaSure and Adiana, as well as a nice contribution from MyoSure. In fact, even without MyoSure, Surgical would have posted record revenues for the quarter.  We remain optimistic about Diagnostics given the improvement in ThinPrep volumes worldwide and the increasing penetration of Cervista, as well as all the new instrumentation offerings that I discussed earlier.  In summary, I look forward to closing out fiscal '11 successfully and moving on to an exciting fiscal '12.  Thank you all for dialing in to our third quarter call. I will now turn the call over to the operator for 30 minutes of questions. Thanks.
Robert Cascella: What actually happened with digital over analog was that a $50 premium was assessed over the existing analog rate. But it was presented as a combined rate for digital that averaged around $130 versus $80 from the former analog rate, and I'm approximating. What we would imagine happens with tomosynthesis is that it will be an aggregate code that will be higher than the current digital code. So the $50 is clearly in line with our expectations. You should also note that the digital mammography was about 5x as expensive as analog. We're talking roughly about $150,000 over premium, over digital for tomosynthesis.
Robert Cascella: I'd like us to really hold to the initial forecast that we gave for the first couple of years, and that anticipated that there would not be a reimbursement code. And that number, just to remind everyone, again, we assumed that there would be a purchase of roughly 500 to 700 systems over that period of time. That's probably the best information that we have at this point in time.
Robert Cascella: Yes. It's obviously different for each business segment. So if we look at capital equipment, we still think there's a lot of downward pressure on the capital equipment for medical technologies. The difference here is that this is a new technology. So the adoption uptick will be based on whether or not the market believes that this is better technology. It's not simply replacing the current product, just replacing it, what we would think is a more efficacious technology. So I think that the opportunities for digital mammography moving to tomosynthesis will almost be irrespective of what's happening with some of the other diagnostic imaging products because of the newness and the clinical benefits of the technology. With respect to some of our other product lines, I think the procedure-oriented businesses, women going in for exams, we see that as being more stable. I'm not certain it is planned to increase, but we are certainly seeing a recovery from the dramatic falling that occurred last year. And really in the second half of last year, it was almost like procedure volumes fell off a cliff. We think that, that's more than stabilized today. The other businesses within our Surgical business, there is some downward pressure on procedure volumes. And a lot of that has to do with increasing deductibles. Certainly the unemployment situation doesn't help that these are nonlife threatening diseases, albeit them debilitating. And as a result of that, it is our sense that we will see ongoing pressure or headwinds in those areas, probably for the next year. Now we're maintaining a level of optimism because we think TPC will promote more activity in the marketplace. We think MyoSure is a brand-new product that otherwise does not have another clinical alternative. And we are so early on with Adiana that we think that there is still growth potential there. But nonetheless, that the overall market itself, we think it's going to be under pressure.
Robert Cascella: Yes. And I think you just hit it. I think it's an easier comp against last year. I mean if we think about it, all that's really happened, though, is that the domestic business has stopped bleeding. So I think we're back to a level of patient activity, and that is complemented by a stronger international growth. So we're seeing the overall business is increasing as a result of the stabilization of the U.S. market and growth on an OUS basis.
Robert Cascella: Yes. If you recall when we talked about that, it really assumed that there was not a new product. There wasn't tomo. It was replacing -- it was the normalized replacement cycle that we said would average somewhere between 12% to maybe even 15% of the installed base. We think that happens with the natural maturing of the installed base, but we think the more important dynamic is the introduction of a new technology. And that new technology is tomosynthesis, which we think accelerates that replacement cycle. What will be necessary in order for that to happen in a much grander or broader way is clearly expanded clinical validation, which is happening every day, and obviously, the setting of a permanent reimbursement code. So with those 2 other pieces filled in this puzzle that we're talking about, we think that the replacement cycle accelerates due to the notion of this technological obsolescence that we keep talking about, which is quite different than the normal replacement cycle of maturing equipment. This is people dealing the compelled divide because of competitive dynamics, because of clinical efficacy, because of all the benefits of this technology, not so dissimilar to what happened in the analog to digital conversion.
Robert Cascella: The quick answer is yes, it does. And I'll have Steve Williamson to comment on what we believe some of the longer-term benefits will be from this.
Robert Cascella: The quick answer would be, yes. And I think that the centers that are buying these are not the academic research centers. They're buying it because obviously, they believe in technology and also they believe that there's a strong marketing benefit to having such a powerful technology available for the patients.
Robert Cascella: So when we were talking about that, that was actually 3D. We were saying over the first 2 years that we thought that the market would -- could absorb 500 to 700 3D systems.
Robert Cascella: Yes. The timeline is -- probably would be more challenging that I think I can explain with a fair amount of color what we mean by the process. So one of the areas that we're really focused on is we certainly want CMS to support this, but we want the ACR to support it as well. And we also are looking for some advocacy groups and the like. Well that is taking some time relative to the clinical work that's been done, clinical papers that are being written. We think some of the first of these will surface at RSNA this year. And then later, also with some of our European studies at the ECR in March. And so as a result of that, we have delayed a more aggressive stand with the paying organizations until we get really our doc in order with respect to clinical validation in a much broader way.
Robert Cascella: Well, I think it's a little bit of that. We're not kidding ourselves at all. If we don't think that's a permanent strategy -- but we are also encouraged that customers are interested in buying tomosynthesis or 3D Dimensions almost irrespective of reimbursement right now. And I think it's because the technology benefits are so compelling. So that part of it is probably very, very encouraging. But don't misunderstand at all. We think there's a true sense of urgency of getting a permanent reimbursement code and our path to doing so may have been delayed, but only delayed because of things like clinical papers and results from clinical trials being published, not because we're at all comfortable with the miscellaneous code that's being used on a very limited basis.
Robert Cascella: It's a great question. So if you think about the market, what we're finding is that a lot of the folks that have not bought mammography products yet are buying Dimensions products and they're buying it because of competitive reasons and they're buying it for the upgrade path that it represents. We don't view those as being the early adopters of tomo. The folks that are buying the 3D configured product are buying that because they believe in tomo, and they already do digital mammography and are using their Selenia as a either a way to fund the partial purchase of a new system or they're adding tomosynthesis to their practice. But they really are 2 different camps. If you look at international right now, it's almost a 50-50 split in terms of the customer profile and what their buying pattern is.
Robert Cascella: Yes. I think we're certainly seeing -- I'll go to the second part of that question. I think we're certainly seeing in some of the international markets, where Siemens is presenting certainly a competitive challenge because of lower pricing. I don't think the dynamics have changed dramatically in the U.S. market right now, and we're certainly not saying -- there's aggressive competition, there's always, but certainly not being above the norm. We would anticipate that 2D pricing over time will come down as capital equipment matures, but we think we're very early on with both Dimensions and obviously tomo at this point in time. So I don't think ASPs have been challenging for us yet. And that's not to say that they won't be. With respect to -- and the first part of your question, Tycho, maybe if you can just...
Robert Cascella: I think the $50 clearly is at the high end. I think we have been saying a range of $25 to even $50. And in fact some of our customers are even looking for a higher rate. But I don't -- I have no crystal ball as to acknowledging where it's going to end up. I think we have said that a reimbursement as low as $25 may be livable. But we certainly would think that something on the higher end of that would make this much more attractive from a cost perspective because it is the added cost of not just the equipment, but it's also the added leading time. So between a combination of technical and professional, I think everybody would feel better with the higher end of that range being the reality.
Robert Cascella: Well, remember, we did have a delay in submission. So we took a step back, so we were about a month to 60 days delayed. We think that the normal 6-month period would have taken us into the first quarter, and we are still thinking along that line, but we're kind of hedging our bet because it's always difficult to put a stake in the ground relative to FDA timing. We have to respond to a variety questions and so on and so forth. So we tried to put a little bit of a cushion on when we think the product will be available, given that we are now just in the process of responding to FDA questions. And that was really the rationale.
Robert Cascella: Sure. I think with respect to the notion of tomosynthesis -- I mean, Peter, I don't know, you may want to comment on that.
Robert Cascella: Yes. There's going to be just like there is today with imager and some of our other instruments, processes and the like, they are a bunch of different market models. The one that will probably most frequently be used is really a per use model, but it will be built into the use of the product versus reselling capital equipment. But it's not to say that, that's 100% exclusive approach. I mean we do sell capital equipment as well. But the goal here is really not to rush out and try to have some quick wins with capital equipment. It is really to secure higher volume labs, where we have an opportunity to really reap the benefits of the assay versus a one-time sale of instrumentation.
Peter Soltani: Sure. Thanks. This is Peter. Yes, I think it is strongly a typical capital cycle. People have to budget for it. They can be with other capital projects. There's an implementation phase. They have to have rooms ready. They have to have folks trained. So it isn't a decision-making process that happens overnight. So, again, I would say it's really typical capital cycle.
Peter Soltani: Sure. This is Peter. Again, I would say that it's still fairly early in the process. So it's really hard to split out the mix. And certainly, folks that did budget for 2D would have the money for 2D. The advantage certainly for them would be that the 2D would give them the opportunity to upgrade 3D at a point in time where they can basically get the funds budgeted.
Peter Soltani: Sure. This is Peter. I think it's a bit of a mix. I mean it just depends on the potentially previous exposure the physician might have had to somewhat through a reader study or training. So they will, based on their preferences, will either start in the diagnostic mode, we certainly have centers that start out in a screening mode. There are centers that will start with one to gain experience. Again, as I mentioned, there is a tremendous amount of training, a lot of training that needs to go along with these units. So they will take the more cautious approach to, again, at least some sites that have had the physicians within their facilities well trained and are capable of implementing it for screening the process of board. So there isn't really any one particular approach at this point.
Peter Soltani: This is, again, Peter. I think that certainly the pricing has been -- domestically has been relatively stable, and it's pretty much in line with where we thought things would end up. I think certainly as just pointed out earlier on the international side, you will see more pricing competition in many areas. But then again I do think we have a product that from a tomosynthesis standpoint is highly refined and it becomes a huge competitive advantage that helps us to drive sales.
Glenn Muir: No, we haven't. It's Glenn. But the bulk of the growth is on the U.S. side. The international side on Dimensions had been fairly stable in the last few quarters. So where you're seeing the growth coming from is on the U.S. side. And what's important there is really the mix shift because Dimensions is the new product with the much higher selling price that we're able to achieve, and this are the 2D or the 3D mode. So that will help to continue to drive revenues as we go forward as that shift continues.
Glenn Muir: Tycho, it's Glenn. The overall growth rate, are you talking by segment? Or are we talking about overall? The overall...
Glenn Muir: I can help you with that a little bit, thinking it through, though. Let me -- if we go to, and after the call maybe just pull up the presentation on the PowerPoint because it does give the segments and what the growth per segment was. And it gives it on a constant currency. So the first thing, let me just point out that the overall growth was 7.4%, the constant currency was 5.9%. And you're asking for the organic without TCT and without MyoSure. That was just a small number though, Tycho. So you almost can look at the segment. And we don't give out the exact millions for each of those groups within their product categories. But we're just starting off with those products. So they did not have any kind of meaningful impact on that organic growth rate. In this quarter, I think going forward, we're excited that they will. But you can kind of eyeball it by looking at this segment PowerPoint.
Glenn Muir: Yes. Well Sentinelle is part of the Breast Health, and Breast Health had $205 million in revenue. So Sentinelle was just a tiny, tiny piece of that overall segment. And that's really what I meant. When you look at the products, a lot of them all hit different areas, but Sentinelle is in Breast Health, and TCT is in Diagnostics and MyoSure is in GYN Surgical. So when you kind of just doing some rough math, I mean it becomes obvious that most of the growth was organic from current products.
