Stephen MacMillan: You nailed it, Patrick. It's probably a little alarming because of the skeletal piece, but the three core businesses are all going great, and it is completely a reflection of that. And we just had a little hiccup with the supplier issue in our Skeletal business. It is our non-core, but for Diagnostics, Breast Health, Surgical, we are feeling really, really good.
Stephen MacMillan: Yeah, still lower on the placements. Clearly, this chapter of our growth, Jack, is expanding the utilization for Panther, but we are still seeing a modestly moving up, which we consider to be good. But yeah, not back at that pre-COVID level.
Stephen MacMillan: It could potentially be a little bit of a -- it won't be lost revenue. I think we feel pretty good. There will be a couple of tiny ones. But overall, I think we feel pretty good. So it might be a modest tailwind for next year, but we don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves. But we're fixing it and feel very good. We'll be back in place by the beginning of '25.
Stephen MacMillan: Let me take the first part of that. The first part is, we are not seeing any shift in the market in terms of cytology usage, Anthony. It is -- really it's more because we changed a third-party vendor last year, it kind of made a little bit of lumpiness between the Q2 to Q3 last year comparisons, but the underlying is very consistent. And the initial stages on our digital cytology, which is further ahead in Europe, are looking very good, and we're in the early stages of some very positive consumer -- or I'm sorry, customer acceptance of that in the United States. So I think we continue to feel good about our cytology business. I’ll pass it On the Panther utilization, we'll take...
Stephen MacMillan: Yeah. We're seeing some nice acceptance to our digital cytology. One of the challenges outside the United States is not as many cytologists around. And so the ability to help on the workflow is a big win and so rolling out our digital cytology, the genius cytology there is good. And we continue to work with guidelines. I think the hidden piece that's been missed for everything that we did in the pandemic to provide the COVID test, is we establish much stronger relationships across the world with ministries of health and everything else. And we're having more dialogues really that's going to benefit so many of our businesses, including our surgical businesses, our breast interventional business and really just shifting guidelines. And so there's more discussions. Germany has gone to a co-testing model in cytology and HPV over the last few years that we're benefiting from and working those angles really country by country.
Stephen MacMillan: Yeah. I think we continue to feel really, really good that most of the screening is asymptomatic. It's standard testing that the economics are still going to work very well for the labs. And so I think we love our position. And there's always going to be people punching around on the edges that will help expand the market probably as well, but we feel really good about where we're going.
Stephen MacMillan: Yeah. Probably not quite ready to give individual line forecast for 2025, but I think we feel good overall. As any given year, any given quarter, any given business, maybe slightly above, slightly below, but I think we’d like where we’re headed. So we’ll give you more of that detail, Casey, when we guide in November. Thank you.
Stephen MacMillan: We do have good line of sight. We're not expect it to go out far into Q1 of '25. So you should be able to count on it again. We'll guide by that point, but we fully expect to be back in the market by then.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. I think on the M&A front, we obviously were very pleased we closed the Endomag deal last week. We continue to look at other deals in that size a little bit bigger or whatever. But again, you can only make them when they're available. As we said last quarter, we'd love to do kind of one Endomag every quarter. It doesn't always work out that way. So we're in this great position of being able to be disciplined buyers as we continue to watch things shake out and also being able to redeploy on our own cash by buying back our own shares along the way. So it's not an either/or given the incredible cash position we have. So we like where we are on that.
Stephen MacMillan: Yeah. We're seeing steady adoption of the Fusion sidecar, which is [indiscernible] it really opens up the menu. We're focusing on customer by customer. What we're seeing is quarter-over-quarter, more customers adopting the Fusion as we go along. It doesn't necessarily mean every Panther needs a fusion. And in fact, it will probably end up being, I don't know, maybe even a third of our total Panthers, even if that – what it really comes down to is does each customer have the capability. And so that’s been our big focal point, and we’re seeing good adoption and steady growth.
Stephen MacMillan: The way to think about it, too, is with that, I think our margins are still looking really, really good.
Stephen MacMillan: Yeah, we still feel great about the market and great about our products. This is truly a supplier [indiscernible] pickup on our smallest business, and we'll be through it within another quarter and right back to what we expect. And in the meantime, obviously, that the core businesses are all delivering very, very well, so that the total is still very strong. So – but yes, nothing different, Puneet, no concern about it.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. And just, Patrick, just to add a finer point to it. Of the $20 million headwind, about $16 million is related to the fourth quarter specifically.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. I think we'd like to ground people in the pre-pandemic operating margins at 31.5%. And I think as you see, as we exit Q4, we'll be right in that range and really thinking about that we've added a lot of revenue growth drivers that have a lower operating margin profile than the legacy business. So feel really good about achieving that as we exit 24. For the full year, '24, we'll be a little bit below that, as we said in our prepared remarks, between 30 to 31. But I have good confidence as we look to '25, we will be squarely for the full year at those pre-pandemic levels. And just to walk through some of the components, again, as I mentioned, the recent acquisitions will have lower margin profiles. The international business has a lower margin profile, and we're still working through some of the higher supply chain costs, primarily related to chips, as well as we integrate certain facilities, we have double costs. We’ll see those primarily work through over the course of ‘25.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. So first of all, Tejas, I'll say that we have -- we're not giving guidance for 2025 at this point. We're still working through our budget cycle, and we'll be doing that in totality in the November call. What I would say at a high level when we think about earnings, yes, we want to grow earnings faster than revenue. So again, that 5% to 7% would lead you to the high single-digit, low double-digit earnings growth. And we do think about that as balance using the whole P&L, not just margin expansion, but share repurchase and potentially some favorability on the tax line as well. But again, we will be giving that full guidance on the November call.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. I think that's a fair estimate of where it is. And I think we would -- I would be comfortable saying that it could be our largest assay someday. So to put it in perspective, there's still room for growth there.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. I think as I talked about, we'll end the full year between 30 to 31, which would give you something higher than 31 in the fourth quarter. I would say -- from an annualized basis, I'd jump off the midpoint of the 30 to 31 and think that we're going to get back to probably that 31.5 range. But there is some seasonality to margins. And typically, Q1 is our lowest operating margin quarter. So I wouldn't like spring off of Q4 to a higher number in Q1.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. Sure. So Anthony, on the Panther utilization on the new customers, we talked about over 55% are running two or more assays. But when we look at U.S. in total, that we look at over a third of our customers are running four or more assays. So I would kind of anchor into that 4 -- 4 to 6is the likely target range. That over a third at the end of ‘23, compares to just under 20% at the end of ‘19. So you can see that growth that we’re able to achieve as we drive utilization on the Panthers that are out there.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. I think as we look at our operations and supply chain and even more specifically, continue to leverage Costa Rica for manufacturing, especially as we acquire new companies and optimize their supply chain, we try to leverage those points to contribute to favorability on the tax rate.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. Certainly, as we look at our cash flow generation with a very strong balance sheet and very competitive credit agreement. Our focus is on deploying that free cash flow as well as the cash that we’ve built on the balance sheet at this point in time. The priority continues to be tuck-in M&A, acquisitions that give us confidence in our ability to grow our revenue, hopefully accretive to our current growth rate. And then it would be share repurchase. As we’ve stated in our remarks at a minimum to manage dilution from our equity plans and then opportunistic as we see disconnects and valuation in the market.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. In regards to innovation, certainly, we've talked about a next-generation gantry that really continues to focus on workflow, patient experience and image quality. Those are the key drivers of innovation in that space and certainly layer on AI. How can we help the radiologist in assessing risk within those images and again, assessing or helping improve workflow is the use of AI, not only in breast but also in genius digital cytology.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. I don't think we're going to give any specifics on timing, I think likely as we look towards RSA would be a time that we would highlight that for certain of our customers and probably give a little more specifics on what we're expecting for 2025 and beyond.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. Sure. So as we’ve highlighted, we’re doing some facility integration in our Breast Health business right now. From each of the acquisitions, they all have different profiles. Some makes sense to stand alone as they are and others do make sense to integrate and they’re in various stages of integration. And as we always do, we always look at our supply chain, look at our network and continue to focus on opportunities for optimization. And I would say, over the next five years, I think we’ll continue to realize those opportunities.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. So I would say, it's more geared towards the stop ship on the skeletal versus the Endomag. Think about Endomag as very small revenue for only two months, but certainly stop ship on even a noncore franchise is going to have an impact on margins.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. I think we're substantially through them as we exit '24 and probably be a little bit into '25. But I think what we're having is as we increase production overall, getting more favorable absorption than what we had prior when manufacturing was really reduced because of the chip supply.
Karleen Oberton: The facility integration is -- yes, the facility integration in the breast business specifically will go through at least the first half of ‘25.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. I don't think we've given specific numbers on gantries. Again, we've grown -- we have real confidence that the total gantries are going to grow year-over-year. We're not quite back to pre-pandemic levels, but we'll be at those levels in 2025.
