Steve MacMillan: Yes. On the wall of worry, Tycho, it's something we think about, I wouldn't be overly freaked out by it. I think the way we are thinking about it is, we got just about every business performing better than we expected. But I think the deeper we dug in the second half of the year and you continue to hear us say really going back a few quarters. Hey, we are probably closer to a start-up than a real turnaround here. And we have a lot of work to do even building our relationships with the dealers. And I think what -- as we go back and look at it, clearly, our fourth fiscal quarter was really strong and followed up a weaker quarter. And that's not what we want to be delivering and don't have that sustained relationship. So we are making some changes internally and we are not going to blame the dealers. We are going to always look at ourselves. And I will say that we need to be a little closer to it. But it's the only little piece of the puzzle, I think right now for us to continue to work on. And I will also say, I think we are all accustomed to not every business is always firing on every cylinder the day it does, we are probably in trouble. This is kind of one of our areas of opportunity. I think the next couple of quarters; we will probably be a little bit softer. We are going to plan for that while we get to the right longer term place. But as Eric -- as Eric Compton after his first reviews of it said it's -- obviously reminds him of a little bit of when he walked in the door of Hologic two years ago and some of the same rebuilding needs to occur. And things like pricing discipline and marketing, market access, just a lot of the fundamentals that we have never put in place.
Steve MacMillan: No. We are putting those in place. So we've exited a couple of people and we are in the process of putting new ones in. So that's why I think over the next quarter or two, price doubles, softness and that's basically what we've baked into our guidance.
Steve MacMillan: Jack, we still feel really good. The U.S. says -- we said the U.S. breast imaging business was up 18.7% in the quarter. That's coming off of some pretty good comps and everything we are seeing and hearing. As we continue to feel we are making very good progress both with our own customers as well as competitive in-roads. And I think we feel as good if not better about that business and the fact that we are going to end up by the end of the 3D curve. I said early on we think we will end up with a little bit higher share than we started. And I think if we anything we feel better and better about that prediction and more and more confident everyday that goes by. We continue to hear great stories from our teams.
Steve MacMillan: It's largely replacement is the way to think about it. I don't think we see the number of gantries being significantly different at the end of the 3D curve versus where we are today.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I will tell you. I think we feel as good as we felt since we have been here about pricing. And I think, we have got so much more discipline. I will tell you, we are hearing more and more competitive attempt frankly in both the molecular side as well as on the mammography side where there is some pretty big disparities and with Bob McMahon and Eric Compton's leadership in the divisional presidents, we have been doing a much better job of fighting on price -- not fighting on price, fighting on the features and benefits and not going down there. And it's part of the hidden piece and I think that we are seeing in our gross margin expansion. As we talk about the gross margin piece, it's clearly it's a -- the incredible progress we are making on the operational side. It's a mix benefit. But also frankly I think much better pricing discipline and we're holding pricing far better and in some cases getting a little bit of up ticks even in and what is a much more competitive environment.
Steve MacMillan: We are seeing it. And Isaac, I would tell you what I'm really, really proud of our team fighting it off. I think we are actually winning more based on the overall success of our business. The combination of our product, our label, the ease of use and our Genius marketing campaigns which frankly has probably been the single biggest differentiator of hospitals understanding. They are better aligned with us in the mammography space than with anybody else because we are driving patients to the hospitals that have our systems and I think it's been a dramatic step change in our own organizations ability to ward-off going down the pricing games. And I've heard more and more anecdotes of much bigger pricing discounts from competitors on accounts that we have not lost and in fact we have won.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Isaac, I think we are still in the earlier stages probably than I preferred to be on the true business development side. We have rebuild the capabilities aligned them with the divisions, I think the divisions are starting to look and starting to get the shopping list. But I put it really in, probably the first inning. And we started to look at a few things we said no to. I do think valuations are going to be our friend as we go forward and obviously, with the tremendous cash generation and getting our balance sheet cleaned up. We are going to be ready. I think our teams have been so focused on great commercial execution and getting the R&D pipelines back in shape that sort of the next piece that will start to play out. But we are probably still a little slower, so I wouldn't anticipate anything super quick on that front.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, we are. I'm not going to give you the level of specificity that you probably would like to have there. I would say it is a -- the productivity enhancements that we were talking about are -- through our sourcing organization as well as looking at running our factories more efficiently and I think -- our operations team has done a great job of driving that. Obviously, we started that last year and we are seeing one of full year benefit. We are starting to see the full annualized effect of that this year. And it felt really good about that. I would say it was a fairly meaningful component of the gross margin expansion, obviously, with our U.S. business driving significant growth that also had a big impact as well. And as we are thinking about the -- way that the U.S. business grew with the higher margin products in our surgical businesses, so that actually helped us -- overall as well. So it was a nice balance between the kind of the three of those things. But I think we are in the early innings of sustained kind of improvement on the gross margin basis.
Steve MacMillan: I think we see -- in the U.S. I think we see continued low single digit declines probably in the blood screening business. Internationally probably more flattish as more countries adopt our nat testing but some more advanced ones start to cut back a little bit. So I think we see the international business more flattish. Having said that we got a couple of quarters right now that were absorbing the inventory fluctuations particularly from the year ago with the JRC where frankly we were both doing consumption plus inventory build. And now as the inventory is contracting back, we just got a couple of rougher comps that we are getting through. The underlying business slightly down but still a very good business for us but certainly it's not going to be accretive to our top-line growth rate over time. They would be dilutive to that.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Sure, Rich. Clearly, the primary focus has been on rebuilding the organic growth pipeline and I think the simplest way to think about that is probably also why we are not further along on the business development front. We feel pretty good what we are putting in place. The other piece that I start to give you a little bit of a tidbit is, a lot of what we are working on or what I call singles and doubles. And the company was built historically on every eight years we launch a mega product like 2D and then 3D Tomo. And a lot of what we are looking at is how do we cushion the blow in between and looking at some smaller things that we can be doing to bring in between those big cycles. And the diagnostics business, it's about building out menu and in the breast health business it's not just what's the replacement for 3D tomo, it says there is a lot of other stuff that we can bring out in IBS and other stuff along the way. So I think what you will start to see and as you know with me stylistically, I like to get a few points on the board before we start talking about them. And given an organization we inherited that had a few launches on the table that we had to scrap when I got here because they weren't really ready for primetime. I want to make sure, we really have our ducks in a row before we, a) start talking a lot more but I would tell you we are -- we feel better and better but it's going to be more singles and doubles than probably triples and home runs. So we will continue to update it as we go but that may give you a little more flavor from what you had historically.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. Thanks Rich. I wouldn't go there yet to the sustainable double-digit. Having said that, they posted several quarters in a row. The 18.8% clearly shocked us. We quietly put a new leader in that business late last summer. And we don't talk about all the changes we make. But that business is actually just in the last six months, we have a new VP of Marketing, a new President and new Head of Business Development, a new Head of R&D. And are more bullish and excited the team that Eric has put in place there is really, really good. And they are doing that with just two products today. We stopped the declines on NovaSure. You know it better than most that hey, just two years ago, NovaSure was a high-single digit decliner. We stopped that one and actually turned it into a positive. And the -- and MyoSure, I know when I first came here, it was growing 20% people figured we are about maxed out, last year went to 30% and we just had a 46% growth quarter. And that's even when the people asked just the market size a year or two ago and I couldn't quite answer it. And I think we are seeing -- there maybe more potential there. And then, it's a great sales team that clearly could take on another product. So I think that's an area where we are very willing and stepping up our activities and looking at bolt-on acquisitions. It's an area we're in the nascent stages frankly we're starting to expand internationally. And it's a business, it can do a lot for the profit margin and profitability profile of the company. So it's one -- we are more and more excited about. I just still model single-digit growth. But like everything we are -- we're certainly aspiring to continue the great trend. But, clearly, we did mention there was a competitive recall we think helped us in that last quarter. And so that we certainly don't see the 18.8% growth as sustainable. Aspirational, yes. And we will take it back to the division head and set that as a new goal. But pragmatically speaking we are not that good yet.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. This quarter is typically a 7% to 10% decline just because of the reset of insurance plans and all that stuff from a sequential basis.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. We are not quite sure on market share but we feel very good. We are obviously a very strong leading thing probably in the three quarters of the market share range. So up in that 70-plus percent, certainly in the U.S., we think we're much lower outside and I think part of where we are really encouraged and where I think we have made great progress internationally over the last year, year-and-a-half, is starting to get the belief and the conviction of what we need to do to grow the cytology business outside. You remember we said, one of the first things we can do to return this company to growth would stop the sharp declines on the ThinPrep business. And I think we feel pretty good about what we are doing there actually feel great.
Steve MacMillan: We are just rolling out viral load outside the U.S., we got the CE Marking and so we are rolling that out off of and I think that will help our molecular business. We are obviously coming off of a pretty weak base candidly internationally. It's nothing like what we have here. And really it's going to be a fiscal 2018/2019 event in terms of the true viral load impact for us in the U.S. We'll get HIV approved sooner but frankly we ultimately want to have the full range of HIV, HBV, HCV, which we won't have really until later on in 2018. So the way we think about that is, it's probably going to end up hitting at a beautiful time for us as some of the mammography business maybe slowing a bit in the U.S. and that one kicks in and provides another leg up for us.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Jon. I think this is more an internal execution issue of us dealing with our dealers versus the market per se. Having said that we were hopeful to get some bigger orders in some of the emerging markets this year and we will probably just backing off that we are making some progress in Brazil and places like that. We are probably being a little more cautious about as we go in but it's much more our own execution. And frankly, again, it's a small part of our business that we know as great potential. And we will realize it. But it's more than I think than anything external or macro that we would really point to. It could be macro but we are not going to look to say it's that. I think the opportunity is still there.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. Two pieces. I think first off the U.S., we continued to feel really, really good. I mean, obviously, the growth rate Vijay what you pointed out will be slowing down as we were going against some monster comps especially when we come into the second half of this year, but really already from here on. We are now going in against much tougher comps from here guys. We are still growing the business but we are not going to be putting 20% growth rates up on top off strong growth rates from year ago. The outside of the U.S., I look at this folks, it just like every other issue we faced since we came to the company. We are not the perfectly well-oiled machine. I think we are making a little bit of progress, having made the progress that I would like to see. And it's just a matter of better execution which is something we know how to do. And it just requires a little greater focus than probably what I was providing.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. Vijay, I think it's been the hidden piece and back to a focus on execution where we've clearly been a little more focused in the U.S. But our team has been continuing to place Panthers, continuing to speak to the benefits that our products bring and obviously, you know us well enough to know we are not one of these out there trumpeting, gee, we are number one. We beat this person. We got this competitive win. But quietly we are really proud of what we've done on the HPV franchise in the U.S. and combined with cytology, combined with the co-testing message, combined with Panther placements. They are all -- no one thing is magic. But when you systematically pile them up it provides a very nice outlook and has us feel pretty good, this is -- this strength is going to continue.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think we feel pretty obviously the service revenue in the quarter was not as strong as the overall product revenue. But that will be a great kicker as basically every system for the most part in the second year is when those will kick in. And we will say this. We are seeing a higher attach rate on the 3D service revenue contracts than we did on 2D. So a) it's a little bit higher. So I think it's sort of one of those pieces that will kick in and we feel very good about for the future. And the team is doing a better job of actually selling service contracts today probably in a tougher environment than we ever have.
Steve MacMillan: Well, it wasn't -- well -- it was extremely high and we are going from an extremely high level to actually any -- even extremely higher level. It was well into the 80% and we are doing even better than --
Steve MacMillan: Sure. I think it's less bundling internationally than it still the stage of development internationally. We've not done nearly as good a job of selling the benefits of 3D. Just on government affair standpoint from a marketing standpoint, a lot of what we've going in the U.S., we were doing a great job of internationally because where through dealers. We have not worked with them closely enough to really segment the market. We started it, obviously, there is a lot of opportunities for 2D. We need to do that but we had so much focus on 3D and I don't think we've just done as good job of fully marketing it through. So that's a part of the whole issue of consolidating the international business under Eric. We kind of I set it up, when I first got here to have Eric really focus on the U.S., Claus focus internationally. It probably led to two silos more than sharing the learning across the geographies and frankly I feel like it's done a great job overall. But, it -- we probably left a little bit on the table related to our international development. So now, Eric is on the case and here we go.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. We are looking at it everywhere as to what's really the best model. And that will be something I think you can expect us to report back on over time. I would tell you there is a lot more complexity to it all in that candidly in a number of geographies, we had given the marketing authorizations to the dealers. So the dealers actually own the marketing authorizations, which is not something you would typically expect of a company this size. But a) it's one of these, you go into the onion and peel it back a little more, more work to be done, which is why, we just think it's going to take us a little bit longer. I kind of viewed it as, it would be a great thing to have in the out years when things slow down in the U.S., we probably aren't getting there as fast as I would like to but we will probably end up getting there at a time that would be ultimately actually pretty well timed for the total company.
Steve MacMillan: You asked for one word answer Jason. As a reminder, we're only going to give the placement numbers on an annual basis rather than getting into quarterly pieces but we were very pleased with the additional placements of certainly the Genius systems, frankly, Panthers as well looking into our diagnostics business. And then, gross margin I think, we are basically guiding to, we think there was a 100 basis points of improvement year-over-year. And feeling very encouraged by that opportunity.
Bob McMahon: Hi, Jon. This is Bob. So as we mentioned in our prepared remarks what we are looking at is actually is very strong performance on our gross margin basis combination of product and geography mix as well as some of the productivity efforts that we are doing. And we are looking to reinvest a portion of those. Our gross margin is probably operating a little better than what we had anticipated and we are looking to reinvest that in those growth drivers and places like our marketing and to a certain extent some of the R&D investments to drive that growth rate on the top-line. That being said, we are still expecting operating margin expansion consistent with that we had guided to in November and we believe that we are able to do that and we have demonstrated that certainly in the first quarter continued to have operating margin leverage and we expect that throughout the course of the rest of the year.
Bob McMahon: Hey, Doug. This is Bob. You're generally on top of it for both the share count and the tax benefit. I think what the other piece that we alluded to -- the incremental headwind associated with FX. So if you think about the very -- at a very high level the tax and -- tax benefit and share count roughly we think about $0.06 offset by about $0.02 of FX and then we -- the operational beat in the Q1 like you said about $0.06 growth.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Just to build on that, Steve. I mean over the last 18 months we had two competitors come into a market where we were the sole competitor. We've not only maintained stable pricing but we gained share. I mean that’s a huge credit to the -- our domestic breast health team led by Pete Valenti and that team, just tremendous job.
Bob McMahon: Hey, Bill. I would add to that. You heard me say certainly a year ago, I didn't think as a company, we would probably see much gross margin expansion. And if I say things that have changed over the last year in my own outlook that's one that -- I think we are seeing much better opportunity than I ever imagine possible. So it's back to that -- it's always puts and takes. That's one of the really good guys coming our way.
Bob McMahon: And Rich, I guess the only thing I would add to that on surgical is, is the quarter that we are in now which is our second fiscal quarter does tend to be seasonally weakest quarter for us. And typically the first quarter of our fiscal year is the strongest one.
Bob McMahon: Hey, Brian. This is Bob. What I would say is our -- our backlog continue to be very robust. And we have not seen any extension or time to close or anything like that. I think that's a lot of noise that people may fear about kind of in the press but when it actually comes to -- actually making purchase decisions and so forth that hasn't affected us one bit.
Bob McMahon: Hey, Raj, this is Bob, simply timing when we look at the clinical programs that we are having. We expect to ramp up in Q2. So don't read anything into that other than just timing.
Bob McMahon: No, specifics, I mean. I think you would flow those in obviously we were pleasantly surprised to the upside on the surgical business and then the U.S. I think our U.S. business is doing a little better than what we anticipated in our international business a little more choppy and so forth. So outside of that we are not going to give specific guidance to the individual components other than to say that any softness that we maybe seeing in the near term or the short-term internationally is going to be offset, we expect by the strength in the U.S. business.
Bob McMahon: Yes. Just one other thing Derik just to kind of give you a little more color on that. While on total service when we looked at it for the total company only grew roughly kind of 2%, when you actually peel the onion back and look at the biggest component of that, which is our domestic U.S. mammography business that grew in the mid single digits which is consistent with what we have been talking about as that business with that high attach rate, higher ASP relative to the service contracts on the lower ASP 2D. So we continue to feel good about that business.
