Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. So Vijay, this is Bob. Yeah, so what we are seeing – first, I'll give some clarity around the interest expense. It's roughly $18 million year-on-year benefit associated with the refinancing of both our term loan and the high yield bond. And so your math is – your quick math is pretty accurate in terms of operating margin improvement for next year.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. I think just to build on that, Steve, I think one of the things that's exciting, certainly in the U.S., Steve mentioned that we're roughly only 30% penetrated into our own installed base. That would translate into being even much lower than that in terms of total 3D opportunities; and so, as we gain share, we feel really good about both the near- and medium- and long-term opportunities to convert and gain share both in the U.S. and then outside the U.S. as well.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah, Doug, let me give you a little more – some of the specifics around our existing 2D installed base. So the good news for us is the vast majority of those are actually not upgradeable. And so we think that that will actually convert – a full conversion. So as you know, we do have a software upgrade; that's roughly 20% of our existing 2D installed base that would be software upgradeable. The rest we believe are going to be full conversions. And to build on what Steve talked about, obviously, the installations of the products that came in 2015, we have roughly a year's worth of warranty so that will then show up as a contract – service contract, as Steve mentioned, in 2016 and beyond. I think the one other thing ...
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah, I'll take the first and then I'll let Steve answer the second, and the biggest piece of that $16 million was actually the remainder of the Sentinelle business. We had divested that at the end of 2014. We did have some product that, as part of the transition services, that kind of tailed into 2015. That is now finished and complete, and there is some other small ancillary products in our Breast Health business that we just recently talked about, but those are the two big components of that, the $16 million that I referenced.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. I think just to build on that, Steve, Tycho, in operations, there's really kind of a – in the near-term we have really a couple of opportunities that we're seizing upon and you're starting to see some of the early results, the first being around our sourcing and our strategy around procuring primarily our raw materials. Outside of the service, roughly 70% of our COGS is actually materials, so we've brought in a central procurement – or a chief procurement officer. She's bringing in some nice savings there as we leverage that. And I think also from our chief supply chain officer, really focused on driving efficiencies out of the plant. So as our volumes go up, obviously, we get to cover the overhead there, but also driving a much more efficient operation there. That's driving the results that you're seeing, and we still see that happening – and then as we grow internationally, I think that that's something that we would be looking at, but that – to Steve's point, that's probably more of a long-term piece.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. So, what we – what we had said, Jack, was kind of low single digits for the Diagnostics business as a whole on a constant currency basis. And we did talk about the benefits of the blood, the Japanese Red Cross win in blood screening have anniversaried themselves here in the fourth quarter; and we saw that growth, where it was significant double-digit growth in the first three quarters, it was roughly 2% in the fourth quarter. So as we look at that, given continued business here in the U.S., we feel good about kind of the placements and so forth, but that's kind of what our forecast incorporates.
Robert W. McMahon: No, you're absolutely right, Steve. Laura, the guidance that we put out for fiscal 2016 has a tax rate of roughly 34%, which is roughly where we ended up 2015 and we would expect some of that to start coming in, in the 2017 timeframe if you will.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah, hey, Brian, this is Bob. I think we feel – we continue to feel pretty good about the resiliency of our pricing, to give you a perspective, certainly in our mammography business despite the additional competition that started at the beginning of our fiscal year and then with Siemens coming in. If you looked at our fourth quarter ASPs domestically, they were roughly flat versus year ago. And I would say in our Diagnostics business, in our key assays, generally flat to maybe very modest declines. Some of that may be just a result of kind of deteriorating pricing and so forth as volumes go up. But we've been very pleased with the discipline that we've put in place here in the U.S. across our major products. And that would also hold true within our surgical business. It was a – there's some mix, but basically flat in those businesses. Internationally, I think there are obviously lower prices, one, because of the business model that we have with the dealers. But also just generally, the macro economic situation outside the U.S., generally, lower prices. But, again, nothing materially changed year-on-year, and we're not projecting any material change going forward in our guidance either.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. Hey, Ann, this is Bob. I'll take the first one. So, Vijay asked a question about margin improvement, roughly 70 to 100 basis points. I think that math is in the ballpark, and I would say the majority of that improvement is in fact in our gross margin, if you look at it year-on-year. We do expect some operating expense improvement and we've said in the past, small basis points, we intend to reinvest primarily in places like our marketing efforts. We've had a lot of great progress primarily in the work that we've been doing behind our Genius 3D campaign. It's really driving not only awareness but also patient demand and we want to continue that in 2016. Then we're also investing some in Diagnostics marketing, as well as in our (53:18). So that's how you should think about kind of the margin improvement built into our guidance.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. So – hey, Mark, this is Bob. Our guidance for 2016 is a tax rate roughly of 34%, and that's effectively the same as what we had in 2015, but I will tell you, we were working feverishly to try to get that done as soon as possible, but it's still – it's a ways out.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Thanks, Vijay. We do feel good that we're fighting through the interval expansion with some share gains in the U.S. We're probably getting pretty far into the innings on how much share we can take there, but there is still opportunities. We're still getting reports every month of little wins here and there on the edges. So I think we're incredibly enthused by the progress both in the U.S., but also starting to try to get that business cranked up internationally. Eric Compton, when he came into the company, really started saying we love ThinPrep and starting to get the team re-energized around that business; and the division leadership, they've all rallied behind it. So I think we feel pretty good. And then on the pipeline stuff, as you know, we've announced the Panther Fusion project that is still probably a couple of years away from coming to market, but we're excited by that. And really, the closer-in piece will be the viral load, and we did just get HCV cleared effectively with our CE Marking, so I think we're going to be able to start to go into the O.U.S markets a little bit this year and then, obviously, filing for that in the United States to hopefully be hitting in that late 2017, 2018 timeframe. So starting to get excited about just the market potential that that will open up for us, which is effectively as large or larger than the total market we play in today.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Joel. I think as – we've gained we've estimated about 300 basis points of share this year, probably moved it by our best estimates from about 57% up to about 60%. And that's on the installed base, which probably suggests share of new installs is probably even higher. So we're seeing opportunities – first off, geographically, let's call one geography the United States. We see it still as a significant opportunity in small hospitals, big hospitals, teaching institutions, all of our existing customers. Frankly, we're opening up new doors and getting discussions in accounts we haven't been penetrated in before. So, I think, feeling great about the U.S. opportunities, and just in the early stages of really starting to get more serious about our international opportunities as well, where we're still sizeable but, candidly, under-developed and don't have nearly the market shares abroad as we do here.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I think we feel pretty good. It's hard to say better or worse. I think in a simple thing, simple way to look at is we kind of blew up the business development, acquisition activities when I arrived at the company almost two years ago. We've now got teams back in place that we're looking divisionally for the opportunities and Surgical is clearly an area that would be a great tuck-in acquisition opportunity for us. So we've rebuilt the team there to be focused on that as well.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Higher than where we ended the current year – no, not exactly but we told you effectively what we did in the fourth quarter here; we would certainly want to be continuing – call it at that trajectory or whatever as we go into the year. So, but I think all of it points out – there's still a long way to go, years' worth of penetration here.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah, I think – we think we're fairly uniquely poised as a company when you think about we've got obviously the digital imaging from our Breast Health business. We also have a great molecular diagnostics business. Combined with, frankly, ThinPrep, the cytology business, it's really different modes of diagnostics and all largely in the women's health space for the most part. Part of what we're doing and really driving across the divisions is the R&D organizations looking both how we improve what we have but also starting to look at what can those emerging areas be that maybe between or off sheets of the existing technologies today. So I feel a lot better today than I did even six months ago around our – and certainly better than 12 months ago around our capabilities to start to get a lot more serious in a lot of these emerging areas. You think about it at the highest level, year one was just put the wheels back on the bus, and year two here has been really starting to build some great R&D capabilities again; and we're early stages, but Bob, Eric, and I have been out meeting with the divisions just over the last month or so, and I'd tell you it's the first time I'm starting to be much more excited about what's coming – still several years out but some better things coming in the pipeline.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I'll try to make sure, I nail the first part of that which was, in 2015, I would tell you, most of what we sold domestically was 3D, so probably not a lot of additional revenue other than those service contracts that will kick in. And I'd tell you – I think we feel pretty good both about our attach rate as well as the service business that is growing nicely and, frankly, will be a great longer-term piece. And candidly, when you look at it, our service business today is about as big as the capital business of our breast imaging business. It's become a sizable chunk and will contribute exactly to that recurring revenue stream going forward.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah, and to pick up on it, David, I'd probably come at it two different ways as we think about the guidance for this year. One is, I'd say the macro economy, it gets so easy as you know and we've all watched companies that have a few good quarters and start to get a little ahead of themselves, and as you know we've work too hard to get this company turned around and want to make sure that we continue to deliver on our commitments. So that's certainly a macro approach to how we want to set guidance, and you've seen it, even at your conference a couple of months ago, us just – while it's fun to watch the investors get so ebullient and start to think about us as a double-digit revenue company, we still know we have work to do to really get there, and, gosh knows, we'd aspire to it, but we're not quite there yet. The other simple piece, if you just kind of break it down maybe a little more analytically from the ground up, this year we ended up probably getting 1.5% in the Japanese Red Cross. That all came through, and if anything, frankly, there was some pipeline build that this year the blood screening might be a slight headwind. So that's probably almost a 2-percentage-point dip, say, versus last year in terms of growth. The 60 basis points that Bob just mentioned in terms of the discontinued items, and then I'd say, just generally, we're going off some pretty hefty comps. Three straight quarters of double-digit growth in our Surgical business, that now, just to jump over those numbers, starting to get pretty big. As well as the Breast Health business, we're coming off a couple of quarters in a row of 20%. So those 20% growth quarters led us to the very high single-digit growth this year. Hard to believe we're going to still have 20% growth on top of 20%. Probably the final piece, I would remind you is, and you've certainly mentioned it, relative to our original guidance for this year, we feel very good that we went way past that I don't see us going that far past it again next year. Now that we – I think we've got a much better handle on the business, but we still want to make sure we're putting numbers out that we feel very confident in being able to hit.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Tycho. It's still like the first inning of most of those things because we're just getting the capabilities and even things like the ability to go direct. Frankly, we have a lot of great dealers around and a lot of long-term contract, so we're really looking franchise by franchise as to how best to attack this; and I think, as we've been starting to say, the international build-out is one that's going to really play out over time, and we're feeling certainly encouraged by the fourth quarter results, encouraged in general by the progress, but we still got a long, long way to go and are still in the very, very early innings.
Stephen P. MacMillan: You know, very minimal. First off, we're making some nice progress on our gross margins. We also, obviously, quality is a big deal, and before we start moving manufacturing around or anything else, we want to make sure that we are doing. Having said that, we are closing our Bedford facility, so kind of – which makes our Skeletal products – and we're moving some of that. So we've been setting things up, but we'll be very deliberate in how we proceed here. Our big piece, and I think we are showing a lot of great operational improvements. As Bob said, one of the quiet strengths of the year is we reduced inventory by over $40 million in a year that we grew the top line, by $200 million. So there's a lot of good work going on within our operational footprint.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, I think we feel good that we've turned that business from a decliner to basically a flat to ever so slightly growing business; probably that's about what we should expect going forward and I think we see MyoSure continuing to be a very strong grower. So, feeling pretty good still about the trajectory of the surgical business.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, I think, probably it's going to be a similar growth rate to the U.S. for still the next couple of years. Longer term, we would certainly want it to be outpacing the U.S. given the underdevelopment, but we're not there yet. And in terms of the tax rate, ergo, the U.S. is still a big chunk of our business and still growing very strong, so you're probably not going to see much tax rate improvement, really, still for another year or two. We're putting all of the pieces in place and, Bob, I don't know if you want to add to that.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Jayson. Thanks. We don't think we're really benefiting. It's still really two very different procedures. I think the only word they might have in common is morcellation, but at the end of the day, we just think MyoSure is a great procedure, a great product. Not – we're probably not ready to define exactly the market size, because I think it's turning out to be bigger than a number we might have put out there at the beginning. So I think there is clearly still runway when you look at, if anything, our growth rate actually accelerated off of a larger base in 2015 than it did in 2014. And that's another one, too, where we're still very early stages, internationally as well, on that business, so a lot of opportunity ahead.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Mark. We're effectively doing none outside of the U.S. It's – we've really – our marketing team, even as a company, is really only about a year old, and I think we've made tremendous progress learning a lot in the U.S. There is a lot more that we've got to figure out as we penetrate internationally, just from a regulation, a customer reaction, and everything else, so I'd say it may be something we start to wade into a little bit in the current year, but probably not nearly the driver of growth that it's been in the United States, particularly as you think about it, the biggest piece, a) it's been great to patients, but b) what it's really done is the patients have been going to the hospitals, they've been asking for our product by name. It's really precipitated the hospitals buying it, and I think we just – still most of the countries outside the U.S., patients just are still not ready, probably, to drive that kind of behavior nor are the hospitals geared to probably accept it, but we'll be looking in opportunistically for areas where we might be able to, but I'd suggest it's going to be very minor.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. We've not put necessarily kickers in for competitive, but our reps are seeing the opportunities and going out after them. We did tweak our compensation plans for last year, and I think they have effectively provided more upside for especially are best performers, and I think we've seen a hungrier, more aggressive sales force kicking in here in 2015 that we think will continue in 2016, both upgrading our existing base, but also, I think we're seeing a lot more activity among competitive users than we've ever seen before.
Stephen P. MacMillan: You did hear it correctly. It is at an all-time high, most of it driven by the U.S., candidly, so feeling very good about that.
Stephen P. MacMillan: So with that, operator, I think we're all set. Thank you, everybody, for tuning in. We feel, obviously, a great year behind us, and we're on to 2016. Thank you.
