Michael J. Watts: Thank you, Keith. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us for Hologic's fourth quarter fiscal 2018 earnings call. With me today are Steve MacMillan, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Karleen Oberton, our Chief Financial Officer. Steve and Karleen both have some prepared remarks then we'll have a question-and-answer session. Our fourth quarter press release is available now on the Investors section of our website. We also will post our prepared remarks to our website shortly after we deliver them. Finally, a replay of this call will be archived through November 23rd. Before we begin, I'd like to inform you that certain statements we make during this call will be forward-looking. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such factors include those referenced in the Safe Harbor statement that's included in our earnings release and in our filings with the SEC. Also during this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Finally, any percentage changes we discuss will be on a year-over-year basis, and revenue growth rates will be expressed in constant currency, unless otherwise noted. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Steve MacMillan, Hologic's CEO.
Michael J. Watts: Hey, Isaac, it's Mike. I'm sorry to play traffic cop on that one a little bit, but, I mean, we're really not at any liberty to talk about the economics or the specifics of those things. As you can imagine, that's pretty highly competitive information and highly confidential. We want to keep it to ourselves. We did, as we said in our script, work that into our 2019 guidance, and we're pleased with how it worked out.
Michael J. Watts: And, Jack, it's Mike. One piece of that is obviously is adding menu to the platform over time. And we started with the three respiratory assays, as Steve was alluding to, which is a good start. Just got our Group B Streptococcus, which is a women's health assay approved this quarter, and just in recent days got clearances for some of the software that take the open channel capabilities up a notch. So, doing a good job of building out that menu, but as Steve said, it's going to take a little bit of time.
Michael J. Watts: Yeah, the other piece of that, Bill, as you know as well as anybody is in an environment that could be consolidating, I mean, we're pretty well-positioned with Panther and a menu now that has – geez, off top of my head – well over a dozen assays. So it plays into the need for the customer to drive efficiency and improve the workflow.
Michael J. Watts: We'll have one of the larger and more well-equipped sales forces in the industry. So the ability to bring our own organic innovations is one piece and then hopefully, look for some in-license type opportunities as well.
Michael J. Watts: One thing to keep in mind on the pacing of that, I mean, there is a little bit of seasonality in Surgical. Our December quarter, which is our Q1, tends to be a little bit stronger and then the Q2 tends to sequentially get a little less and then it builds over the course of the years. So just keep that in mind as you're modeling.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I think that probably makes sense on the Molecular business, Raj. I think we feel very good about where that's going. That clearly would be a mid-singles. Then, obviously, the total Diagnostics business, probably a little less because of the cytology piece. And if anything, we might hope to beat that on the Molecular side, but we like where we're going right now with it.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah, Raj, it's great. It's really referring to both sales and marketing, but especially the sales team. We came into the quarter, and I would tell you, July was off to a tremendous start, which showed we've got the team and the products in place. We feel really, really good about where that team is. Really, only a year after Kevin Thornal went in as President. And I will tell you in late July, I was really looking forward to this earnings call because I knew it was going to be the one that we were going to be reporting strong double-digit growth based on what we could see already happening in the quarter, and then the FDA and TempSure letter. But we're seeing those results and especially what was going on at that point in time. And then as we look at, frankly, the territories that were, call it, more vacant a year ago, we now have good people in. And so we certainly feel much better about where we are. I'd say we've now got a normalized sales force and feel really good and frankly, still attracting some very good people coming over.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. And I think just to build – simply, if you do think about it, we're guiding our Diagnostics business, call it, likely low- to mid-single-digit growth. Clearly, Molecular is going to be better than that and cytology is probably a pretty flattish business, if that can help a little bit.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Yeah, the first part is both software upgrades to existing 3D systems that we'd already sold. We are also upgrading certainly the later generations of 2Ds that we can upgrade, as well with 3D, that's also a software change so that does factor in. In terms of the second part, 3D Performance and 3Dimensions, I think we're just really pleased that you go back a year ago and we're a little bit on our back heels. And as those products launched, being able to get our messaging out, we're seeing very good uptake. And you've seen it certainly in the MQSA data but also in our overall results here where our Breast Health business really strengthening through the year. And I think we feel really good based on orders as to where that business should be headed this year.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. I don't think it's anything different than what we've felt over the last few years. There's always a little pockets here or there, but I would not say anything meaningfully different, Dan.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I think we feel good about where Molecular is going right now but don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves. A 10.2% quarter, we're about ready to say that that is a sustainable number, probably not. Would it be something we want to shoot for? You bet. But our International business was off the charts strong as that's been building up. But I don't think the sustainability of that – we'd probably be careful saying at this point in time because particularly International, we've grown International 9 out of the last 10 quarters in very strong double digits. And that, as we start to go against those comps, it's starting to be a very meaningful part of the business. That's going to get tougher, I think, in the road forward. But I think overall we feel very, very good about where it's going. Yeah.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I think the simple way to think about it is obviously MonaLisa is on the market but I think the whole market is kind of retrenched at this point in time. And I think the smart thing to assume at this point in time is Vitalia will not be back during the fiscal year. If it came back sooner, then it'd be a wonderful upside to us. But I think as we look at the work that needs to be done, it's probably an out-year event.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. Fusion, as we've been saying all along, is really a multiyear build that's very small this year. So we've got the respiratory assays on it just beginning that. But as we've always said, Fusion is a gateway that over time it allows us to go much further into PCR assays and everything else. I think frankly based on a supplier or whatever and their own issues, I think it might have been taken out of context. But we're very pleased with the initial uptake, but I've always said this one's going to build over many, many years.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. We're seeing just modest declines. Obviously, the PAMA pressures and everything else, but I'd say marginally negative but not a whole sales step change down. I think frankly based on a lot of us being able to sell our workflow advantages with Panther, everything else, being able to try to fight off steeper price cuts.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Yeah. I think we feel good about the rebuild of the sales force there, obviously with TempSure Vitalia off the market, going back and selling a little bit more out of the rest of the product line. We did – as we look into this year, TempSure is just getting a surgical indication, so that'll provide a little bit of news as well for us through the year.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. I think that's embedded in our growth rates. And I think we feel pretty good about -- we've got additional volume. We have new products coming, and it's just another pressure we absorb like any other business going forward.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. I think this has always been part of Pete Valenti, the Head of our Breast Health business, as he thought about adjacent areas to really expand into and put a lot of energy from the day he walked in the door. If you think about it, we launched the Affirm prone biopsy system a couple of years ago, Brevera, and now Faxitron and Focal will also start to fit into that. So it's really been much more of that portfolio shift from just gantries to extending across the continuum. And really like where that business is going. Is it organically a double-digit grower? Probably not. But are we going to be able to generate very strong growth? We've had four double-digit quarters in a row. It's becoming a very meaningful contributor to the business. And with Faxitron and Focal also coming into that, it should continue to be a very strong grower here for some time.
Stephen P. MacMillan: But when you deal with currency and Blood Screening going down, David, it probably comes out to be a little bit better.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Seasonality. Don't forget seasonality is a big deal. That quarter is always down significantly sequentially because of the summer months.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Jaime. It's really an ancillary product that we're distributing that helps reduce the pain for the patients. So it's a – basically, it's a nitrogen oxide product that patients can take. In the grand scheme, relatively small revenue, but complementary to the procedure and enhances the patient experience for a lot of the other products and procedures that we sell. But it should be starting to be somewhat meaningful as we go forward.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. You know what? We've been very pleased with the virology uptake. We've always described this as a – I always think about it as a thin slice of pie that each quarter, when we look at our graphs, each quarter is selling more both domestically and internationally. But it's a multiyear build. And as we've continued to say, even in the U.S., a lot of major contracts were locked up for a while, so we're building it nicely over time. And I think it'll be bigger in 2019 than it was in 2018, be bigger in 2020 than it will be in 2019, and probably bigger in 2021 than in 2020. So just kind of keeps building steadily, frankly, in a very nice pace.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. It's almost franchise-by-franchise. I think we've got a much stronger presence for Breast Health now, certainly with now having direct operations in Germany, Spain, as well as the UK, feeling really good about our European business and just the underlying capabilities to drive both the gantries, but also starting to get into the Interventional space, products like Brevera and those things as well over time. Diagnostics, we've been making great progress. As we mentioned, almost 40% of our Panthers are now outside the United States. So we've been getting good traction with our women's health assays, also obviously the virals as well outside the U.S. And our Surgical business, while still small internationally, has been showing really nice growth as well. So I think we see opportunities there, and frankly Medical Aesthetics will be as well outside. It sounds like we have time for two more questions.
Stephen P. MacMillan: We like to think it's all up for grabs. I would say pragmatically the sales reps aren't nearly as distracted as corporate management is. So at the field, we don't always feel those things quite as much as the rest of us might. Having said that I think we just continue to innovate. We are one or two generations ahead of certainly that competitor. And they still haven't matched frankly what we've been selling a couple of years ago. So I think we just continue to innovate and feel very good about our progress at the Street level. And it's why I think we're gaining market share every single year right now and expect to continue to do so.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I think we assume frankly for additional Panthers, we'll continue to place more Panthers and we'll continue to get a little more usage from each Panther that's out there. The competitive landscape, I don't think it's dramatically different. Obviously as we become a bigger player, particularly on a global stage, not just in the U.S., we're running into other strong competitors around the world. But I wouldn't say we're seeing anything materially different.
Karleen Marie Oberton: Hey, Isaac, it's Karleen. Yeah, I think we've captured everything. I think our teams here did a really nice job. They actually connected with each of over 160 TempSure customers and believe we've captured all in the fourth quarter and don't have any exposure as to prior-period sales moving forward.
Karleen Marie Oberton: Yeah. So in terms of the acquisitions, obviously Faxitron and Focal are both included. I think we've talked about combined historically they did about $40 million and we're looking for them to probably grow in the double-digit range.
Karleen Marie Oberton: So maybe I'll start on kind of the assumptions for guidance next year. I think we're pleased with the gross margin up slightly versus next year when you think about absorbing the impact of tariffs, as well as currency headwinds. We are assuming that we have increased our leverage and our operating income line which is going to drive the EPS growth on the bottom. And I think the tax rate I think you said is increasing but it's actually flat 23% year-over-year. And I think from a cash flow perspective, as we've stated before, we're really focused on deploying that free cash flow. Priority would be tuck-in M&A followed by opportunistic share repurchase just like we've done recently here with Focal Faxitron in the 2.3 million shares repurchased in Q4.
Karleen Marie Oberton: Yeah. And I would just add, Steve, that on Brevera, demand is outpacing supply. So as we get supply in line, we should see some acceleration from Brevera. So we feel really good about that as well.
Karleen Marie Oberton: Yeah. So what we're thinking about in the organic growth is that the incremental growth for Faxitron and Focal is part of ours because we believe that like we've seen with our distributors that we've purchased internationally, that those businesses will actually perform better as part of Hologic versus stand-alone. So that could be the difference of how we're thinking about it.
Karleen Marie Oberton: Sure. What we said is we expect low- to mid-single-digit growth for that division and it's really a couple of elements there. We expect on NovaSure to have lower declines versus 2018. But we do expect to have MyoSure continue to grow in the high single-digit, maybe low double-digit range, as well as contribution from our new Fluent product that was recently launched.
Karleen Marie Oberton: Yeah. I think for the year we expect Medical Aesthetics to grow kind of in the low- to mid-single-digits.
