Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah, Jon. Thank you. It's really, to be very clear it is the new management that we put in place. We actually hired a new leader for our European Diagnostics business, really just about a year ago, last summer and he has been revamping the team getting up to speed. And then, we did launch, we got the clearance if you recall early this year – really early this calendar year to the viral loads. We got the HCV, HPV and HIV. So they're rolling out in conjunction with the new leadership team and the Panther placements and those things are really driving it. Zika by the way is not in those numbers, so that's really just our core women's health assays plus the viral load. So I think what we are excited about as we started to look forward in Diagnostics. Molecular has effectively been non-existent outside the U.S., I mean, not non-existent but pretty small. And now, we're really getting that footprint and as we're placing these Panthers starting to feel like okay, this is the beginning of something that really is sustainable and has some good growth ahead of it. As well, the cytology business continues to tick along as well with some modest growth outside the U.S. also. So I think (33:07)
Stephen P. MacMillan: They are different businesses but there is a lot to learn. I think, Jonathan, probably the way to think about it is, as we started to describe, really about this time last year, we really are moving in – we are really a start-up company outside the U.S. franchise-by-franchise. I think, what we've seen, the new leader within the European Diagnostics business, he is bringing a level of focus, he is building out a team. There were some people there, he has changed some out, gotten the others to operate up, but he really is starting to build it up. And I think that's what Eric Compton has really been driving, especially this year is getting the right people in place for the longer-term. I'd give, just anecdotally, Bob and I happened to be in Japan last week and again, half of our employees in Japan have been with us less than a year. So it truly is – we look at a company of our size from the outside and think okay, they just have to get it going and turnaround what's there, this really is building it out. So I think, we've seen some emerging signs in Diagnostics over the last couple of quarters, didn't want to quite say yet until we thought okay, this is now sustainable. And I think we're in the same infrastructure building in Breast Health and other stuff. Breast Health because more dealers involved, will probably take a little bit longer. But I will tell you underneath the surface we're feeling very good where as I always say, the infrastructure gets better before the numbers show it, and I think that's kind of the stages that we're in right now.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Great question, Tycho. I think the way we should think about it right now is we're clearly benefiting and most of the NovaSure growth I think we should say is candidly coming from the competitive recall, of which we still have another, call like it quarter, quarter-and-a-half-ish ahead of us with that. Having said that, I'd remind everybody, as we said, this was our sixth straight quarter of double-digit growth both domestically and globally for our GYN Surg business. So that business had turned it around and strengthened dramatically and was then well poised when the competitive issue happened. So, we're taking advantage of it. MyoSure continues to grow. And I think the way we think about our GYN Surg business here is, we're not ready to declare it a sustainable double-digit grower, but it's clearly a very solid grower. And again, this is one where internationally we're just in a very early stages as well. So, again, it's moved from what I'd call an appendage on the company a couple years ago to something that can actually start to meaningfully contribute to our total growth. It's also hugely accretive to our gross margin, operating margin. It's a great cash generator. There's a lot of good things and it's helping on our tax rate, frankly.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. It's still pretty small within Europe. It's not yet material to the company but I think the initial signs are pretty good. And what's I think very encouraging to us is in Europe, we're launching from a much weaker base than where we are when we bring the viral loads to the United States. So, when we bring the viral loads, which to the second part of your question is really in 2018, a fiscal 2018 and probably, really second halfish of 2018 by the time we have all three. So, we will have likely one much sooner but by the time we have HPV, HCV and HIV, it will be later on in 2018, and by that point we will be launching in the U.S. from our much bigger install base, much stronger position overall. So I think the fact we are able to even have some success in Europe in other people's backyards is already an increasingly, encouraging sign for it, when we do come to these States.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Bill. Probably, because I just met with our Breast Health sales leadership team earlier today but no, aside from that, we continue to feel very good about where that business is going. I think some of the comments – one of my comments on the last call might have been more misinterpreted. I think what we are really seeing fundamentally in the Breast Health business is our ability to take more market share than I ever would have imagined call it two years, two-and-a-half years ago. But I think the business is also very encouraging. It's going to be stronger for longer and while there has been so much obsession from the outside of what I call the peak followed by the cliff, we still see – we are still, as we said in the script, we are less than 40% even into our own install base. We are less than 25% even into the installed base in the market place. And as we are gaining market share it says there is still a lot of runway ahead of us. What I have been trying to signal all along is don't expect the kind of growth rates we'd had historically, but the business fundamentally has a lot of great quarters still ahead of it.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Thanks. As we've said, we are clearly looking for additional products for Surgical. Having said that, right now, I'm really glad we don't have much more because we've been handed this opportunity to permanently increase our market share, obviously with a competitive situation. And I think as we go forward, we are just beginning the business development efforts, and I think you'll see a series of things, whether it's a very limited distribution deal like this one where we are trying it with a few reps and that were, two, outright right acquisitions. I would say on the business development front, everybody should know, we've gotten much more active. We said no to a number of things over the last quarter or two. And, I think a lot of that has been our teams getting very much more disciplined about what we are looking at and more active. And I think frankly getting to the stage where you're saying no to deals and why is the no, and what you should we be looking for, I think, as we go into 2017 feeling better and better that we'll be finding some things that we will be saying yes to. But certainly some maybe distribution, some will be outright acquisition. I wouldn't view that as the model of what we'll necessarily be doing, we'll just be flexible.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Great. Thanks, Doug. I would say I feel a little bit better. I think the truth is, I've always felt a lot better than I probably communicated on the last call. I truly believe it was a complete overreaction. And my strength does continue or my confidence continues to build as I watch each quarter play out. We were going up against a monster comp this quarter. And our team is still really, call it two years old or less for the most part, and wanting to make sure that we can deliver before we get out ahead of ourselves. So I think I feel a little bit better, but I think overall I feel very confident about where we're headed. I felt more confident than came off last time. So it's not a dramatic shift in how I feel, but it's clearly probably a dramatic shift in the perception and I own that, but feeling very good about a lot of things we've going on.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah, I think it's the same benefits largely we have here which is workflow automation and the Panther system, the footprint is a very nice addition for Europe.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Hey David. Based on the market reaction following our last call, I think we'll stick to giving the guidance in our fourth quarter call rather than commenting on a number before we formally approve the budget. Having said that, we do believe we'll have a solid year in 2017, and we'd clearly be disappointed with the low-single digit 3% number that was mentioned last time. So wherever – and I think the bigger point I was trying to make last time is – by the way wherever revenue guidance ends up, we believe we'll deliver EPS growth at a multiple of that. I think that was the broader point I was trying to make that how better we're feeling about the earnings growth, but do feel incrementally better about the sales growth.
Stephen P. MacMillan: David, as you know it's really hard to predict on exact timing. I'd say we're looking at stuff right now, so it could be any time. Having said that, just given the pragmatic realities of where we stand in our current fiscal year 2017, I would expect we'll probably actually execute something in the 2017 timeframe. Our hunting activity is clearly ramped up in I'd say the last three months to six months in our activities. And I think 2017 will be likely that certainly would contribute as well to 2018 growth, some of that. But again, we will – as you know, we will pounce when the opportunities are right, and feel like we are in a position that we could today. We are going to continue, as we are talking about, bolt on, bite size kinds of things. We are not looking at billion dollar deals.
Stephen P. MacMillan: And we do, and David, I think you know from a couple of years back looking at it – and talk about our exec comp plan, we are very focused on ROIC, and given the history of this company and where we've been and that's still been part of a decision to say no to a few of the things we've been looking at. So, we'll continue to be very disciplined on that.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes. Thanks. Just quickly, we talked about – we anticipate continued commercial investments that are going to drive incrementally or sequentially from Q3 to Q4, and probably more importantly the change in our retirement plan that I mentioned before will be effective in our fourth quarter, that's roughly a $0.01 impact to the quarter.
Stephen P. MacMillan: No, Isaac, we're not seeing any real slowdown or pushback from the customer. It's as much a capacity issue of the hospitals to take what they have and natural replacement cycles more than anything. And I'd say, if anything we've had more customers pull stuff a little bit forward because they wanted to compete and offer it, so we're not seeing that. There is just – I kind of remind people, there is a fundamental limitation to how many systems can be installed and used. The auto industry is an example, right? If every company launched a new product next year, auto sales don't suddenly jump up from 16 million to 20 million. There is just a natural rate of replacement that is still happening here and I think that's what lead us back to the stronger for longer that the market is not going to grow by 25% this year but it's going to be there and it's there for us as we keep converting.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Vijay, I'd love to give you a better answer but I really want to get the budget nailed but I think we're feeling good about the trajectory of where we are headed. And sorry I can't be specific at this point but...
Stephen P. MacMillan: It didn't serve me well last time to – pre-talk about the next year. Fundamentally, we're feeling good about where this company is headed.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. What's really in the interventional today is mostly the disposable activity and that has been under a little bit of pressure. I think as we do launch the table, whether it's bundling per se or just the fact that we've got probably the best product and we've got a great sales team I think we have good hopes for the Affirm table and that'll really be – we're in the very early stages right now of getting the quotes and getting the orders, basically the sales process. We think that will be a nice contributor to start to kick in here in 2017 for us and it will help just the overall Breast Health business.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. I think Raj, we are deeply engaged in a lot of discussions. And I think, I've said historically that was not – the private pay competency was not something we had as much in our company but our team has really made a lot of progress just in the last – I'd say, last six months or so. It's hard to predict timing and I candidly for any modeling or whatever, I wouldn't assume we necessarily have anything this calendar year. Having said that, we are getting a couple of state mandates. And if you saw recently both the State of Illinois and the State of Connecticut have now mandated coverage, and we're probably overall in the 40% to 45-ish percent coverage, maybe up to 50% in terms of covered lives but the private pay piece will be probably the next step up for us. And having said that, just like prior to getting the incremental reimbursement from CMS, we're not sitting there waiting for this to come to sell our systems.
Robert W. McMahon: I was going to say – hey, Jonathan, this is Bob. Just to build on what Steve was saying. I mean, I think, really what we're seeing right now is a very competitive assay menu when we are going up against the competitive nature with the viral loads and the STD. And so I think, we've got as competitive of a menu as anyone else does. But I think what we have seen is a series of strong quarterly placements for the last several quarters and we are starting to get those back on. They are up and running in that test of record. And so I think, we are seeing that pull through and seeing the benefits of the Panther system, which we've seen here in the U.S. around benefits of automation and so forth, which I think will really play well, particularly in Europe.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. Hey, Tycho, this is Bob. Just to build on that, we actually referenced some of the exceeding expectations. We actually think that some of the share gains materialized a little earlier in the third quarter than what we were expecting in the fourth quarter really on the back of the work that the team has done there and the investments we've made in sales and marketing. So, that's some of the – we think that there still is legs there, as Steve said, but that ramp has actually happened nicely for us in the third quarter.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. Doug. Hey, this is Bob. Just to follow-up on the second part of your question. Yeah, as you mentioned, we did raise the guidance by $5 million at the midpoint versus the $17 million beat. If you recall our previous guidance included a fairly sharp sequential increase in Q4 revenue and some of that revenue as I mentioned actually earlier materialized a little earlier than expected places like our Surgical business. And then beyond that, we do see potential for incremental kind of sequential weakness within our blood screening businesses as that business continues to normalize from an inventory perspective. So that said, our fourth quarter guidance still implies solid year-over-year growth despite another challenging comparison and a headwind of about 60 basis points from those divested in discontinued products. So we feel good about the guidance and just as importantly, maybe more importantly, our EPS guidance is even stronger, multiple – a series of multiples above that for the fourth quarter growing at 14% to 16% on an as reported basis.
Robert W. McMahon: Hey, Jack, this is Bob. I think from an attachment rate perspective, we continue to feel very good about our attachment rate. We haven't seen any incremental change either up or down and have continued to be very strong in excess of 85%. And so, I think that's a real testament to our sales teams and more importantly our service teams and the customer satisfaction that we have with our products. So, I don't see any change there and I think what you would expect to see is a continued – the nice part about that is it's a nice solid annuity in that probably mid-single digit growth rate area going forward. Some of this is we are actually transitioning from a 2D system to a 3D system where you'll get the incremental benefit associated with the higher service contract and then the beauty of actually the competitive share gains is you get the full benefit of the service contract on that. And we are seeing both of those as well. So, we think that that has a lot of legs, not only for the rest of this year but certainly into 2017 and beyond.
Robert W. McMahon: And I think, David, just to build on that, I mean, I think, what we feel, we are very comfortable is that we have plenty of capacity to be able to do things when we want to and we will look at many more than we will ever do, and we will be very disciplined in our approach to do deals. And so, I mean, just in this last quarter, free cash flow of $225 million gives us a lot of flexibility, and we continue to use all levers to continue to drive that higher.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. So we feel very good about the progress that we've been making, Isaac, and have been working very hard. As you know, our tax rate is much higher than any of our med-tech peers. And so that is one of the big focus areas that my team has got. What I would say is it's too early to tell you specifically what our number in 2017 is. We actually have been able to pull forward but what I will tell you is over time we continue to have opportunities there and expect that effective tax rate to go down.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. Hey, Isaac, this is Bob. Just one of the things that we look at that that we continue to feel good about and pleased with is the actual bookings as well, those continue to meet and exceed our expectations.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. Down in constant currency 2.9% and if you adjust it for the divested and discontinued, it's roughly flat.
