Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Jeff, it is a great question. If we dimensionalize, we clearly see the inventory bleeding down, both in the tail - really throughout last quarter, and we are assuming continuing to bleed down this quarter. The hard part for us, we kind of internally use the toilet paper analogy and I think people can understand this really easy. When households first went into COVID, they are ordering toilet paper from everywhere, right and multiple brands and from multiple vendors. And what clearly happened here, I don’t think it is been as fully grasped in the outside world has been all of the vendors stockpiled as much supply as they could get from multiple vendors because we of course had people on allocation. So when you can’t get enough when do you order and now they are bleeding through that. I think we look forward to the day where that is probably bled down and we are back to tests matching - test chip matching test performed. I think as that comes, that would clearly probably be a little bit of upside. We are being a little cautious in how we are continuing to think about that bleed down. Looking forward to the second part of your question, you have been all over it. Look at everything. I think we still see this as a meaningful business for us in the future. And to put in perspective, the $200 million to $250 million that we have guided to for this quarter, while it looks like a big step down from where we have been, I would remind everybody on this call that is larger than our entire Molecular Diagnostics business ever was pre-COVID. So we are still looking at a big business, and that is why we are continuing to expand our production. And personally, I think we are going to see a pretty strong - we are assuming right now within the U.S., call it, June, July, August could be pretty fallow. I think as things come down, people get up. But dollars to dots, next fall, you know what? People didn’t get the flu this year. They didn’t get sick as people start to get out again, there is going to be a lot of people getting sniffles, getting all kinds of stuff. And whether it is COVID or not, the fear of COVID is going to create an enduring demand. And by that point, all the peripheral vendors candidly will be gone. And it is going to be the big folks with the installed bases and the most automated basis that will prevail. And so I think we feel really good as we listen to all of our customers, they want the automated platforms. They are using up their non-automated stuff just because they bought it, and they can’t wait to really start just running Panthers in our tests. So I don’t want to give you an exact number at this point because I think anybody that does is wildly speculating. But I do think this is going to be a big sizable business for us, certainly well into our next fiscal year. But we are planning a little more cautiously near-term.
Stephen MacMillan: I think we will be more aggressive here as we go forth, particularly as some of our possible vendors buy for, for example, the school contracts that, you know, just got sort of delayed. At this point, as supply has ramped up in our ability, we can offer some of the cost savings through to our customers. And frankly, it will still be very good for us and very good for them. But I would think as we look over the next year, you should expect that to definitely move down. Karleen.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Dan, I think a couple of pieces there. First off, we didn’t exactly have an easy comp. Last year, if you recall, in Europe, our Molecular Diagnostics business grew, I think, well over 30% in the quarter. We had actually a monster quarter last year when we reported at this time, so we had a big number. The other piece, candidly, is we are watching the toggle and the shift. So still a huge part of the volume is being used for COVID. I think as we start to shift out here that will start to grow. Now it is also dependent on women going back for their health visits. And the one thing we have certainly seen, and I think this bodes well for the future quarters for us is while women’s visits are still way down, there are still a lot of basically pent-up demand that should come back here over time, but it doesn’t snap back immediately to 100%. A lot of the intercity clinics have been diverted to doing COVID testing as they start to get back up to speed. So in a weird way, I think it gives us more runway going forward, but probably slightly less than exciting in the near-term on necessarily that base. We also have the ancillaries and some of the other stuff that are in those numbers.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. Certainly, over the longer run Mobidiag is going to play beautifully into that. For the coming season, as it relates particularly to the United States, Mobidiag will not be a factor for us. But I still think there is going to be a strong need - there will certainly be the multiplex opportunities out there. But we think there is going to also be a very strong need as we had continued to say through this year to confirm whether something is truly coven or not as all the broad test. So we believe, with our customer base, hospitals, especially key labs, everything else, that there is going to be a meaningful need to confirm whether people have COVID and using a true good molecular platform. Whereas, frankly, traditional flu, you haven’t needed the levels of sensitivity and specificity. When it comes to COVID, people are still going to want that.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think, clearly, the way we think about Diagenode is all about content on Panther. And particularly, a lot of the - if you look at the European landscape, particularly too, there is a much been a little bit of a competitive disadvantage is why we started to work with Diagenode in the first place. So it is really filling out that menu with largely still a focus on our European business. And I think a totally underappreciated aspect of what has happened to this company in the last 12-months, I would argue, is the strength of our European and frankly, broader international business. We are a completely different player in Europe today when looked at by leading customers, leading governments, everything than where we were 12-months ago. We were barely known, and now we are front and center on so many discussions. So Diagenode is going to play there beautifully. And then for Mobidiag, we really see it, over time, especially getting into the acute care settings as a big, big opportunity. First, obviously, in Europe, where they have already got a little bit of a presence, but ultimately getting everything ported over and cleared here in the United States. That is probably going to be more of a 2024, 2025 massive growth drivers then. We are being a little conservative in terms of when we get all of that proof tier. But it is going to give us another chance to place a box that is a different kind of box with different capabilities closer to the patient setting. So I think a really great technology. We know that was a highly competitive are really pleased we have prevailed in that.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, we are not going to get into the exact split between the reference labs and the hospital labs. I would say they were all meaningful when you look at 717 that we have placed. I think the magic, for us, even with the reference labs as their volumes come down recall, on TIGRIS, we only have four assays approved. On Panther, we have in the teens. So it is immediately opening up the dialogue with those customers to expand our menu, particularly as we come out with the BV/CV other things. So I think that is going to be part of the magic for us as well as being there certainly, if they do end up getting some help on if they get some of the school contracts or other things, but even as we go into next year. So I think we just feel better poised across the board with our Panther placements, which just gives us much more optionality.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think it is hard to probably fully describe our excitement, Patrick, as to where this goes. And let’s take it in simple terms. First off, lab folks have been going on adrenaline for the last year trying to get - there is been so much automated stuff they were dealing with. They all want to consolidate on an automated platform. We are even hearing out of Europe is from a number of customers just recently They just can’t wait to get our Panthers fully up and running because they know they can run them after hours. They don’t need to be handheld. They don’t need people there. And so I think, as you really look at it, everybody is going to go to the best-performing most automated machines with the best menu. And I hate to say it, but we say it all the time, the cream rises to the top. It is hard to beat our Panther system and with our menu. And the number of governors that called us last year early on asking why they wanted more samples was because "They kept touring the labs in their states and the people kept saying, look, we need Panthers. We want Panthers that is the one we want." So I think as this all shakes out here in the coming months, that we will do what we have always done really well and continue to grow our menu and Panther and that volume, which, as you had seen, average revenues per Panther, we have had a tremendous track record over seven, eight, nine years now. That number is just going to continue to go north.
Stephen MacMillan: That was a great like five-part follow-up, Patrick. We are going to give you the new award. I will try to get it all. And if I don’t get it, hopefully, Karleen and Mike are paying close attention. In terms of the quarter, January continued to be remarkably strong. So at the time we were sitting here giving our guidance, think about it, only 90-days ago, vaccines were just barely beginning. We were just transitioning from one president to another, vaccines were in the very early days and the post-holiday testing was spiking. So then we clearly saw it kind of turned a little bit in Feb. I think March and April have really been a lot of inventory catch up. And I would argue that that will shake itself out here probably pretty quickly, and then we will be a good place. The longer-term contracts on the last part, it is why we feel really good about a lot of the approaches we have taken with our governments particularly around the world, where we have often signed folks up for six, nine, 12-months contract where we guaranteed them supply and you know as of right now we have not - you want to knock on wood, but every customer that we have sold into has continued to come back and wants to continue to work with us. And I think that is where we feel really good, we know a number of the countries that even early on, we said we couldn’t provide them what they wanted and they went elsewhere they also came back to us. So I think we see this being more persistent and it is where, certainly, our international footprint, particularly Europe and then the Australias and New Zealands of the world. Obviously, we are not a big player in India, so don’t expect anything there. But for the major Western markets, we are in a really good place.
Stephen MacMillan: We don’t need to pull back on anything because none of the forward-looking thinking is any different than what we probably really expected. So I think what has been magical is we have used the cash, and it just kind of worked out really well in terms of the investments that we have made. We never expected this. It is why we didn’t give guidance for the full year. the way we have approached COVID completely has been, look, there is an opportunity here, we are going to try to maximize it for as long as it is there. And eventually, we will get back to our other business. So I think we feel really good. I would also say the balance sheet is even stronger despite being able to buy shares back, done 5 acquisitions, we will still generate a meaningful amount of cash here even in the coming quarters. And candidly, we will probably hit a point where there is only so many more assets we would be able to metabolize in the recent term, especially in the Diagnostics and European footprints. So I wouldn’t expect us to be continuing to try to gobble up as many companies in the coming quarters as we just have. It has been an opportunistic thing, but also no reason to pull back. We are not pulling back on any forward-looking plans.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Dan, we are not going to articulate on this call exactly what that looks like. But clearly, as you know, for years, we were kind of in that three to four-ish range. We were moving it up into that five range. And I think as we look at what we have been able to do both organically, but really strengthened - the acquisitions we have been able to do put us a lot better off than if COVID hadn’t hit, right. We probably wouldn’t have bought Mobidiag, Biotheranostics, all of these things, all of which should be accretive to that growth rate. So do we see us moving a little north of that 5%? Yes. Are we ready to commit to an exact range? We have our June Board meeting where we will be looking at our strat plan with our Board. But I can just tell you the early roll-ups, I think we look at every business being able to be at least mid-single, if not moving into the higher single-digit and particularly with our international business. Now on a completely different footing than it ever was, we think we will be able to really drive all of our franchises stronger outside the U.S. So I think it puts us clearly north of 5, which I think is a very meaningful step-up for this company. It is not something we have had from a sustained growth, and I think that should not be lost. And I’m glad you asked about it.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Thanks, Dan. I think consider us biased because we are in the molecular space. But I think as more and more people have had bad experiences candidly with rapid tests. And I think all of us know a number of people who have had false results. I think the dynamic is going to play out where there is going to be less people racing out to need the immediate test and to try to get something super quick. And as you move into a vaccinated world and more of an ongoing monitoring where a few hours isn’t going to make a difference, I think it is going to evolve much more towards most diagnostic testing, which is you want to use the most sensitive and most specific tests. And we just think that is going to ultimately prevail and that a lot of the euphoria and urgency and design - even some of these people calling for - everybody would be taking a test every day, dah, dah, dah, you know what, it is just we don’t see it that way. Ultimately, the market will decide and you can come back and slap us upside our heads if we are wrong. But I think we see it playing out as a more traditional market overtime where it goes to our advantage. Thanks.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. In terms of the first part, the COVID, I think we will see Europe being a bigger percentage of our revenue probably this quarter than even the 40%, I think part of our business, we feel really good about the longer-term contracts we booked with Europe and obviously, with the rollout of the vaccinations not going nearly as rapidly there. I feel pretty good about the persistence of the COVID testing in Europe. And then Mike is waving his hand here.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. It will be more focused on driving that instrument than necessarily taking their stuff over to Panther. Thanks.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think the broad approach we are taking is just trying to be there for our customers. If some get the school contracts, that would be great, we will be there for them. If they don’t, we will be supporting other stuff. So I think that is probably the only potential bigger catalyst, I think, Ivy on the horizon, and obviously, that will really kick in for the fall. But I think there will be ways that, obviously, we will be working with various customers to be able to help support any of those initiatives.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would just say as well, Jack, as international becomes a bigger piece, again we will see the overall average ASP come down for sure.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. And I would say we are not different from pre-pandemic. We had talked about focused on deploying our free cash flow to share repurchase and tuck-in acquisitions, so we will continue to do that even as the COVID testing comes down.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So I think what we are seeing is that business is still recovering, that women still aren’t getting back to their well visits at the pre-pandemic levels, coupled with a temporary guideline from the CDC about not doing a screening for asymptomatic women. So I think that is some of the pressure we see here in the current quarter. I think we are assuming that will continue into the next quarter, probably some improvement on well women visits, but we fully expect that, that business will recover as again we kind of get back to pre-pandemic life.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. That is simply just because of the lower COVID revenue. So COVID revenue was about 745 million in Q1 and 680 million in Q2, so that decline in that very accretive gross margin revenue was the reason for the decline. But note, it is still at - 75% is pretty exceptional.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I think we had talked about Biotheranostics is probably a little accretive to the overall gross margin profile of the company, but more in line with diagnostics. And I would think that Diagenode, at this point, may be a little less than the overall average and Mobidiag would be a little less than the average at this point. But those are things that as we build those installed base and grow those revenues they should get in line.
