Robert Cascella: Thanks, Glenn. To wrap up, we remain on track to meet our full-year guidance and are optimistic as we begin to look out to the next fiscal year and beyond. We believe we have a strong product portfolio that can fuel growth over the long term. Our focus in the meantime is to continue to build our foundation for future growth both domestically and abroad, invest selectively in new opportunities through product development and acquisition and finally, manage our businesses within an extra ordinary commitment to our customers. Finally, I'd like to thank you all for your participation on the call. This now concludes our opening remarks, and we'd be happy to answer any questions that you might have. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Robert Cascella: Certainly, it is the lesser of the two areas of concern. But nonetheless, we would anticipate based on changes in guidelines. A higher degree of co-testing for HPV that Pap intervals will expand. As I said, I think it will be the lesser of the effect than what we're seeing today but nonetheless, we would expect it to continue.
Robert Cascella: We are not expecting a trend change in our fiscal fourth quarter. However, we do think, as we roll into our new fiscal year, that we'll see some of the benefits of a re-upping on insurance and resetting of deductible. The unfortunate part is that we believe that until there is a material improvement in unemployment, that there's always going to be some downward pressures on wellness visits. So that is a gating item and we think improves over time. But we certainly don't see that in the near quarter.
Robert Cascella: Yes, obviously, whenever dealing with a situation like this, and particularly with the agency, it's difficult to predict the outcome. We are encouraged about the indications that we've seen and heard thus far. We are not changing our data saying that sometime within 2011, that we'll have approval. But again, we believe this is a very, very encouraging sign for us to now have a Panel date and be able to present in greater granularity some of the benefits of the technology. And sorry to be vague about it. It is just very difficult to predict the outcome of such things, other than if we believe it is a positive move on both part.
Robert Cascella: And keep in mind that we have launched 3D mammography or tomosynthesis abroad. So we are selling product routinely in Europe and in other parts of the world. The requirements for tomosynthesis is that it's differently than digital mammography. It does not only cause us to provide clinical training, but it also requires us to provide training to the radiologists in terms of how to read tomo, not just how to operate the systems. So we have built an infrastructure and a training protocol for our European sales to affect just that. And we anticipate that, that would be done on a U.S. basis as well, whereby we would conduct fairly comprehensive reader-type training programs, and that really being the only thing different in terms of the launch of the product. It's service requirements are very similar I think from a sales perspective. Obviously, there's much more sales training that we'll go into it. But the true incremental cost will be physician training.
Robert Cascella: Sure, and look, we intend as we had said earlier in my portion of the script that the initial PMA call for both screening and diagnostic, and that is our intent. That is the approach that we're taking with the FDA. Whether or not we prevail is another matter, and whether there is a more limited indication is certainly something that will have to come out. It's not just the panel but obviously in the FDA's final review. The additional data that we referred to, David, had to do with a follow-up to our original submission. All done within the original PMA. So when we submitted clinical data, the FDA came back and asked for some additional information, and we had submitted that a year ago. It really was a matter of I think the FDA now having the mindset that they would review that data more carefully that has now prompted us to go to panel with that information. So there really was no information for many of these additional clinical trials that we've done. It is simply data that was presented probably well over a year ago.
Robert Cascella: Yes, I think you're right on the first point of taking share. Our focus has been in this somewhat more mature market, the emphasis has really been on going after as much of the available market as possible but at high-end, mid-tier and low-end products. So we have segmented the market with a pretty broad range of product offerings. With respect to what happens going forward relative to the replacement market, we had said and continue to say that, that replacement market is yet to really evolve, and that it's probably now nine to 12 months away in terms of it being a more normalized replacement market. And what I mean by that is that in complete market maturity, that's probably more like a 10% or 12% number of the installed base turning over on an annual basis. We're nowheres near that today, and feel that over the next nine to 12 months, we will be approaching probably a 5% to 7% of the install base turnover, but it won't be for another couple of years until we're back to our level of market maturity that would suggest that the only units being sold are those that are replacement in nature. And by the time that happens, we feel pretty comfortable that there'll be yet another new technology which will be tomosynthesis, and it will start that whole technological succession over again.
Robert Cascella: Yes, we are heavily focused on looking at older units from any of the other manufacturers, including our own. And we believe that we have a strong reason for them now to convert than to trade up to a product that is truly software-upgradable for tomosynthesis. It is a matter of we really working the existing install base of products, Tycho, and every one of them is obviously a sales opportunity and yet also a sales challenge. Then you could rest assured that our competitors are not lying silently in the dark and allowing us access without some level of a response about their future product line, or their future roadmap for their product line, I should say. So it is clearly a focus but every one is not a win. But we clearly are making inroads into install bases of competitive products for the reasons I just gave in terms of the nearness of the dimensions product.
Robert Cascella: Yes, we're continuing on with the clinical trial. We're continuing to aggregate cases. That data are going to be used for a variety of different reasons. It'll be ongoing clinical studies. It could be used for the FDA, if need be. An in addition to that, we intend to use that data for reimbursement purposes. So it will be a strong support of the clinical benefits of the product primarily from a private pay perspective to show better cancer detection rates, lower recall rates and so on and so forth. In addition to that, we are conducting a variety of international studies all over Europe to gain clinical adoption and credibility for the product in different parts of Europe.
Robert Cascella: We remain pretty encouraged about Cervista, and what I mean by that is that we continue to win additional labs on a monthly and quarterly basis. We are now finding that obviously 16% to 18% is rolling out to the national labs. We're in ongoing discussion with the national labs from an initial adoption point of view of a high-risk test. All but four of the national labs were having very good success with our first phase of automation. Though, I think the results are very positive, obviously, the hurdle for us as it has been is we want to continue to be in the market with our current levels of automation, and we want to get our HDA product across the finish line as we had talked about in 2011.
Robert Cascella: No, we actually, for GYN Surgical, we had a record quarter this quarter. We continue to see growth obviously from Adiana and taking share from Adiana. But on the NovaSure perspective, we see growth both domestically and internationally with the product. And we're encouraged with where the product is in the marketplace.
Robert Cascella: Yes, I mean, I think from our perspective, we viewed that the U.S. market even prior to any of the economic issues that we're faced with today has been one of market maturity. So image or adoption was some upside as well as any kind of competitive wins that we might have in terms of our greater gains in market share. I think what we're seeing today is that although the market has been down relative to OB GYN visits, we were fairly resilient to that in our first quarter and started to see the effects of it in Q2 and then more in Q3. But when you look at our volume decreases in the quarter or our erosion in volume, it's far less than what we've heard from the national labs, what we've read in the press in terms of a reductions in office visits. So we believe that we're holding both market share and holding gains relative to pricing or otherwise appropriately, but nonetheless, the overall market is down because of patient visits, and we are certainly seeing the effects of that and saw the effects of that in our Q3.
Robert Cascella: We actually have not given the product line revenues. We've been focusing on segment numbers up to this point. So, yes, we prefer not doing that for all the reasons we stated in the past.
Robert Cascella: Yes. In a quarter-over-quarter basis, we are growing at a rate of 20% to somewhere north of 20% on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Robert Cascella: I think if you look at where we are right now from a yield perspective with the product, we've really slowed down the launch of the product and didn't go full market release to all of our sales reps till April. And that was because we really wanted to make sure that we could get out there and make sure that all the customers were serviced. So we really concentrated on getting inventory up as high as we could to support the full market release of the product. Now we've got the engineers that we're working on to just getting production up focused on making it better and making the yields and the margins better. And at the same time, working on next-generation products as well. So as we continue to make improvements to the product and decrease our scrap rates, we don't see that it would negatively affect our ability to roll out next-generation products.
Robert Cascella: We're working on several different iterations of the product. This is a product that will continue to evolve over time as we work with different physicians. It's an interesting product in that it's got ease-of-use benefits right now, and there's patient-use benefits as well. But we're going to continue to work on it to make sure that we can get to continue to improve our strength of clinical data and continue to make it something that the marketplace will adopt as the premier transcervical sterilization product.
Robert Cascella: Our competitor has done some direct-to-consumer advertising and I think it's done a lot for the segment, if you will. It's got more women aware that there are alternatives to laparoscopic tubal litigation. And I think that's a benefit to all of us. Right now, we're really focused in a couple of areas. First of all, we're going out and we're getting competitive share. We've got some good relationships out there with doctors that have used our products for quite a while. They're interested in the advantages that the product brings to the market. And secondly, we've been in some accounts that weren't necessarily enamored by the competitive offering, and have looked at transcervical sterilization as something that they want to bring on and something that they are interested in. It's just that they weren't interested in the initial product that was in the market. So we'll do is we'll continue to focus on training doctors. We've got several thousand doctors in the training queue. And it looks very good for the future and very promising for us.
Glenn Muir: Sure and on February, the AMA had a meeting to discuss the code and the ability for Adiana to share the 58565 code. The results of that meeting were private, but the decision of that Panel was subsequently appealed to a meeting that was held in June. Again, the June results are private, but what I can tell you is that we'll continue to tell our customers to use 58565 and until something becomes available, where we can share the final results.
Glenn Muir: I think mix is a big part of it. I think it doesn't help that if we look at our revenue for a moment and our earnings and our gross margins are going to be very dependent on our revenue growth going forward, and to a certain extent, we are guiding to a flat Q4 from Q3. But within the revenue stream itself, you are correct, that some of our higher gross margin products such as ThinPrep are down a little bit. We are seeing this weak visits on the patient side, and they are being replaced in other areas of the business, such as on the Breast Health side. Where even though Service is growing and even though we are holding up nicely on the product side, it does comment a little bit of a cost on the gross margin side. So that makes differential did have an impact in our guidance when we looked at Q4. That's correct.
Glenn Muir: Well, there was a conscious effort going into '09 when we were concerned about the economics out there in the world that we consciously brought down our expenses by over $50 million that year. And I think in 2010, we've tried to hold expenses. And as a quarter looks a little bit weaker than another, there are levers that we can pull on the SG&A side. So I would say that a big chunk of that is the controls that we put in place. But David, I don't think it's sustainable to the extent that we can continue to drive it down. I think at this point, we have driven it down to a fairly low level for the type of operation that we have. And I would expect going forward, and as our guidance underscores in Q4, we will see a few million dollar increase in Q4. And when we look out into 2011, we'd expect it to come up as well. I mean R&D is that one area where we're trending right now just under 6% that we wouldn't expect that to go down in the short term. I mean we do have a lot of initiatives internally that we're looking at and a lot of programs underway that we think can move the market in the future. So we're going to continue at that 6% level even on a higher revenue base. But on the G&A and sales and marketing side, that's where we have more flexibility.
Glenn Muir: Jayson, I really listed them in order. So number one with the biggest impact is the start up cost related to Adiana. And this is all about yield. And it's about scrap. I mean, it was a tough product for us to transfer from California down to Costa Rica, and we're making tremendous progress and we've now gotten the manufacturing volume up, where we can meet the sales demand but nowhere near the margins that we feel are acceptable over time. So that's number one. And that is followed by the Protostar [ph], by NovaSure. As we built up production prior to the launch of Protostar [ph] of the old version in order to have enough on hand, it did create an imbalance between quarters as far as our production volumes. And it did create some unabsorbed overhead in earlier quarters that could expensed out in Q3 in the start-up on Protostar[ph]. That is secondary to Adiana, but I would say that those two points, they're pretty much one time. I made they're early on in the process. We feel very confident going to get better on those two items going forward. The third, on ThinPrep, is a little bit harder to tell. That was directly related to volumes of ThinPrep, especially here in the United States. International seems to be holding but it was affected here in the United States, and that's one of our higher gross margin products. So that did have a strong impact on the gross margin.
Glenn Muir: Well, the acceptable margins would be closer to the type of NovaSure margins that we get, which is in the 70% range, and that's what we are aiming to get to. But Tycho, that's probably a year away. It'll take us a little bit of time to get up to that level. Part of it will be volume, and part of it are the engineering changes that we're making on the product itself.
Glenn Muir: Well, if we think about Q4 though, I mean I just want to be careful that we don't expect any quick fix here that would impact Q4. So we are more comfortable in the 60% to 61% range. But anytime you talk about gross margins, then I try to identify some of the major pieces. But underlying those pieces, there's other factors in our business as well, and you almost have to look segment by segment. So we look at the two biggest pieces, and the biggest negative impact in gross margins came first of all from the GYN Surgical. And in that group, I would have to say, some of that we can work ourselves out of through manufacturing improvement and through volume, as Adiana continues to build. In the other area of Diagnostics, primarily on ThinPrep, we'll need the ThinPrep volumes to go back up to get any kind of real improvement. But at the same time, we do see Cervista growing on the molecular side, so that's helpful over time as well. And we're estimating right now with Cervista that our market share is at the high single-digit kind of level. So we continue to make progress in the marketplace with Cervista. But then the third change I'm trying to get to is really in the Breast Health group. And even though if we look at the PowerPoint and the numbers that we put forth in that segment, that it doesn't look like the gross margins didn't change very much, and it didn't. There's some underlying dynamics in that the biggest growth driver we have today in Breast Health happens to be from Service. So as I look out into the next year, we are continuing to expect Service to grow. We can see that volume because we know the products that's been put in the field. On the other hand, there's more uncertainty around the product. So there is a change even in the Breast Health that the gross margin may come down a little bit because of service and a reduction on the product side. But at the end of the day, the service has a net margin that's more profitable to us than the product does just because it doesn't have R&D, it doesn't have sales and marketing, it has very little G&A. So it's a very profitable part of the business. We just wont see it in gross margin but it's going to drop to the bottom on a net margin basis.
Glenn Muir: Amit, it's Glenn. The backlog has come down the last two quarters, and it is a function not related to ASPs but as far as order volume. And especially this quarter, we've seen it on the International side. And that's why I did make that comment what we're seeing in the market in going into the summer months is a pretty stable order rate for us, comparable to Q3. So we feel good about the current order rate. But we do appreciate that, for the last two quarters, it wasn't at the same level as our shipment rate. So that's why you saw the backlog come down. But as it relates to ASP, and Rob touched a bit upon this, we are getting a positive ASP from the sale of our dimension product line. And if we look at just the 2D version for a moment, because we are selling the 2D heavily, we are at that 20% level as far as our total units. And I'm not trying to give out unit numbers but just to illustrate that, that 2D is becoming more important, and it's a product that not just new customers look for but replacement customers look for as well. And that product is helping on our ASP side of the equation, more so than some of the defeatured Selenia that we've talked about in the past.
