Robert Cascella: Okay, thanks, Glenn. So in summary, I guess we keep saying it, we're very pleased with Hologic's first quarter. Our performance improvement was broad-based with three business units reporting solid year-over-year gains, and our Diagnostic business showed some signs of stabilization, all very positive.  Share gains continued in our Breast Health business, including both mammography and breast biopsy, our Diagnostic business led by Cervista and finally, in our Surgical business led by Adiana. We expanded our Breast Health and surgical product portfolios with the acquisitions of Sentinelle and Interlace, and we're just around the corner from a PMA approval of our tomosynthesis product. We did all of this while generating tremendous cash flow and better positioning us to continue to fund our long-term growth initiatives.  Finally, and as Glenn said, we are cautiously optimistic about Q2 and the balance of this fiscal year. Although difficult economic times in the U.S. and around the world, we're extremely bullish about our products and our programs for the balance of this year and beyond. I'd now like to turn the program back over to the operator, and thank you for your participation in this call, we'll open the call up for 30 minutes of questions. Thank you very much.
Robert Cascella: We're really looking at things on an ongoing basis. These were just two of the acquisitions that we felt very good about initially, and we remained feeling very positive about those, but we're continuing to look at acquisitions across all of the different business units. The one constant will be that these are going to be tuck-in acquisitions, we're looking at spending no more than perhaps, a quarter's worth of cash flow. And the requirement is, is that they fit within our sales calling pattern, possibly our manufacturing and even our engineering organization. So they're very efficient acquisitions for us to affect.
Robert Cascella: As the Mammography business matures, the growth in service revenue will flow. And so we've actually are seeing that today. One would expect that as long as the installed base continues to increase, there'll always be some growth in service revenue. The next real growth spurt for service revenue will be a year following the introduction of tomosynthesis. We'll sell many, many more new products with the commercialization of that product and following warranty, they'll again be a pickup in service revenues. But I would say that, I think we're experiencing today, really the slowdown in the growth as a result of the revenues for the Mammography business slowing down. And won't really see a pickup until again, there's another new product that creates this notion of technological obsolescence where everyone needs to then have access to it.
Robert Cascella: Well, there are several different things. First of all, you need to put the clinical data together that shows that it's safe and efficacious in the physician's office. We've already put together a clinical strategy on that, and Interlace has already been working on that as well. So we'll put that information together and we'll put it up to the committees. And obviously, we'd look for backing from ACOG, as well as from AAGL for that as well.
Robert Cascella: Because it's a relatively small base, the percentage growth numbers are very, very high. So on a unit basis quarter-over-quarter, we're clearly north of about 20% quarter-over-quarter growth. But as I said, I think we're relatively new with the introduction of that product, and we would suspect that, that would stabilize over time.
Robert Cascella: We have not had a lot of pushback on the Dimensions products. I think the people that are buying, are buying it because it is the next generation of a new platform product that is also they're platform for doing 3D mammography. So it does sell at a premium, it sells at a premium over the competition, it sells at a premium over its predecessor products. And although we certainly have a mission to remain competitive, we have not seen the downward pricing as of yet with that product.
Robert Cascella: Yes. I think what we'd like to do is, we are -- just similar to what we did with tomo, I think we need to spend some time with the FDA, better understand what the requirements are, and then come back to you folks with something a little bit more comprehensive. Quite frankly, I'm not certain we're in the best position today to be able to give you a definitive timeline or explanation of where some of the shortfalls are, but that is what we are working on today.
Robert Cascella: I think it's pretty difficult to characterize the average international customer. I would say close to 50% or so, are looking at the dimension system, whether that be a full-scale 3D system or probably, more predominantly, the 2D dimension system. But I would say a good half of those are looking at the dimension side of the ledger. And those are, as you know, pretty full-featured systems that we are offering. When they get to the Selenium offerings, it really runs the gamut from very D-featured systems to the standard base of Selenium, and it's difficult to say what those numbers are right at the moment. But I would say, depending on the market that you're in, and the type of customer that you're talking to, whether it be a small-scale private practice or a large-scale research institution, that sort of determines what kind of offering we're putting out there.
Robert Cascella: I would have to say that we're hearing a lot of excitement. People are still really forbidden from selling the product because it's not FDA-approved, but we certainly are just hearing a lot of anecdotally stories of excitement, about enthusiasm over the technology, the clinical benefits of it, how will trade-ins be orchestrated and things like that. But I would have to say that we're probably being pretty conservative until we get this product commercially approved, to actually go out in a very broad way and start marketing it.
Robert Cascella: I would think that we're probably running at around 25% to 30% of our systems are 2D dimensions. But I'd have to remind everybody that I really think that a customer that is buying a 2D dimensions in the United States today is late for the game in terms of digital mammography. I do not think they are the likely near-term tomosynthesis-upgrade candidates. I think they wanted to invest in tomo or in dimensions because they wanted a product that would be viable for the next seven to 10 years, and had upgrade capability. My sense is, when this product is approved, it will be older Selenia users that will want to trade in their Selenias and buy the complete gantry of 2D and 3D together, and it will be less of the upgrades and much more of the new placement that I think will drive our revenue during that period, that initial period.
Robert Cascella: I think if you look at what happened last year, I think we had a nonlinear drop in the business for a lot of external reasons, meaning those that are perhaps economically-related. Although without a doubt, as a result of interval expansion and market consolidation, that we're going to see very gradual declines in that business. The drop of last year was not gradual and it was very significant relative to patient volumes. When we said today that we thought our ThinPrep business stabilized, it is that portion of erosion that we think has stopped. That's not to say that, that market is going to grow domestically because of all the things that we just mentioned in terms of interval expansion. But again, I think that is a very gradual three to five-year process before we start to materially see the impact of further market consolidation and interval expansion.
Robert Cascella: Well, the configuration of the product is a combination imaging products, so it fuses 2D and 3D mammography. 2D CAD is available on the product. It is the same 2D CAD that's on the current Dimensions, 2D product. So the user today will have the benefits of 3D in the efficiency of CAD in the 2D world. And yes, after this product is approved, we are currently developing a 3D CAD offering, which would have a series of algorithms and feature matching, that would take place within the 3D-feature set versus the 2D-feature set. But we think that's a lengthy clinical trial and a fairly rigorous FDA process.
Robert Cascella: I think it's good to be a little bit of both. We want to nurture and preserve the good about what we're doing today, but we also want to change some of the things that we think might be legacy issues within that business group. So it's a little early to tell, but the expectation is that we really want to focus on the molecular part of the diagnostic business, and look at ways that we can grow through core development, of our own assays, out licensing and partnering, a way to leverage invader platform as we have not done thus far. So there are many elements of it. And as I say, we don't want to throw out the baby with the bathwater, so it will be a matter of Mark spending time to get familiar with the business, and then he and I developing what we think, along with the General Managers on a divisional basis, what we think our growth strategy will be for our diagnostic franchise.
Robert Cascella: We believe, although we would also say that it's going to take time, is that tomosynthesis has the ability to do the digital, what digital did to analog, and that is create a market dynamic of technological obsolescence. Now that's going to require clinical validation, it's going to require reimbursement, but once that happens, then I think our customer base will rush to acquire tomosynthesis. Because clinically, it will have been proven to be more effective, I think women will read about this as a more effective tool for screening, particularly those women with dense breast. All of those benefits will start percolating to the top of the market, and it will become everyone's priority. And as a result of that, it will cost the replacement cycle to accelerate. Similar to what happened with digital mammography, five years after it was introduced and the American College of Radiology came out with their Dean of study stating that, that product was better for women with dense breasts women that were under 50, women that were pre- and perimenopausal, well that became the reason why everyone needed to have digital at that point. Now I don't think it's good to take five years for tomo, because I think the clinical benefits of tomo are far more compelling, than digital was over analog. But nonetheless, it is going to take some time. But when it does, that will also drive an acceleration in the replacement cycle.
Robert Cascella: In order for there to be data that becomes part of the public domain, all of these clinicians need to write research reports. And we're certainly encouraging them to do so. Obviously, that's a significant commitment, but we believe that data are very encouraging, and this is all but for now, getting the clinician to actually devote the time. And we think that's going to happen through either Mass General, UPMC, some of our earlier data sites that we're at the forefront of tomosynthesis for the last two years. It just has not happened as of yet and as they say, we would expect that, that will be happening over the next year.
Robert Cascella: I mean we can publish the data today but it would not be independent at that point. Obviously, we've aggregated the results, we know that they're very favorable, we know that there we're findings that were not present in our original clinical trial meeting, cancers that we're found in only 3D and not 2D, things that were very, very positive, albeit selective. But I think it carries much greater weight and value if it is a peer-reviewed study versus the company publishing its clinical results. And that's why we've been hesitant to do so. Now we will use that data in talking to payer groups and CMS, because we think that it's a compelling reason for both private pay and CMS to look at this as saving lives, as well as saving money. And I think that we'll be a good outlet for this clinical data initially.
Robert Cascella: I just wanted to thank everyone for participating on the call, and we'll look forward to reporting to you over the balance of fiscal '11. Thanks very much.
David Harding: As far as the NovaSure goes, we did see growth both domestically and internationally. I think that the market has been stabilizing as far as the number of patients that are going into the doctors' office. We see that the fewer women have gone in than we were seeing in a year and a half ago. But it seems to be have flattened out where we've got a stable number of patients coming in on a quarterly basis now. So we do see that growth again with NovaSure, and more doctors are offering patients the NovaSure procedure earlier in the treatment-halfway cycle. Internationally, we saw a strong quarter as well. We did see good growth throughout Europe, but the majority of the growth we saw, was in the U.K. and Australia markets for us. And then as far as Adiana goes, typically we see a lot of our doctors are focused on going through the training right now, so we're getting the doctors scheduled, we get them through the online training, we get them through the hands on, they schedule their patients and then move through. So we do see growth in both product lines, and we'd expect it to continue through the rest of the year.
David Harding: This is David. I think there are a couple of factors. Number one, as you know, the European countries went through a pretty tough time in 2009, and I think we're seeing a rebound in volumes there that is helping us. But I also think there is a real strength in our tomosynthesis and overall dimensions' offering that is driving that growth as well. We're seeing a lot of strength out of emerging markets such as Latin America, the Middle East, South Asia and Asia, so we're very encouraged by not only growth in Europe but also, in the emerging markets.
David Harding: Sure. It's a bit of a multipronged effort. So Initially, we're really working on private pay. We think that we can make a convincing argument to private pay that there's a cost savings advantage to tomosynthesis as a result of reducing the recall rates. We think that, that's a great interim strategy, but a lengthy one. There's 1,000 private pay sources in the United States, some obviously, national and others not. But it's an effort that will commence over the next month with multiple private pay panels, where we will help to educate them. In addition, we're looking at multiple CMS CPT-type strategies that will be both the interim related and more permanent. And as we have said in the past, those are difficult conversations. But until it is FDA approved, but we have ongoing discussions with the ACR and CMS, and we will turn up those activities once we have a commercial release of the product.
David Harding: It's probably a few years out. I don't think it's that important in the short term because it is a procedure where doctors will start using it. There is a very, very large patient population that can benefit from the procedure, so if they can have it in the hospital right and that works for the physicians and it works for the patients, and it works for the hospital, then that's great. It's just over time, if doctors want to move it into the office and you think more and more patients will have the procedure done in that side of service, then I think it becomes a benefit for everybody. I don't necessarily look at it as a detriment though that it can only be done in a hospital, or ambulatory surgery center right now. Just to add onto that, there are some physicians, some of the larger practices that have gone out and shown their payers, what the benefits are to doing a procedure like that in the office for the patients. So we're seeing that in some areas already.
David Harding: This is David. We've seen really good growth in a couple of markets in Europe that are continuing to grow and mature. If we look at countries like France, where we've had lots of great large-scale competitive wins, new reimbursement protocols in place in some of the Scandinavian countries that are driving growth, and then just good steady growth in some of our other European markets. And also, outside of Europe, we've also seen good adoption of the ThinPrep technology. Places like Brazil, the Middle East, Eastern Europe, we're seeing good growth in each of those different areas. And as a result of that, we really believe that there will be excellent growth outside of the U.S., not to mention China, where there is still a massive untapped market, and we continue to see strong growth.
Glenn Muir: James, it's Glenn. I think we're getting better efficiency from service itself. Rob talked a little bit about the service contracts and the trend as it related to digital mammography systems. What's happening today is, we've been very successful in capturing service contracts. So we're getting over 90% of the contracts coming out of warranty are being captured. So it's an efficiency that we have in the marketplace today with our service force, coupled with better reliability of the product. And it's a function of being in the market for a year. And it's a combination of the system itself and also, the detector, being very steady at this point. So we are expecting to continue that as we go forward. And as we've talked about in the past, one of the big drivers for us in helping that overall gross margin, will simply be an overall increase in revenues. And that affects all of our products and all of our businesses, including service because of the efficiency we derive.
Glenn Muir: Josh, it's Glenn. And I think this is just particular to Q2. Once again, the guidance that we gave on the revenue side for Q2 is pretty comparable, or flat with Q1 of $432 million, but there is a mix shift of the products. We're expecting, in particular, one of our highest gross margin products, the NovaSure product to be a bit softer in Q2, the March quarter as it always is due to seasonality, and we expect the product line within Breast Health to make up that difference, both on digital mammography and in service. But that capital equipment side of the business is somewhat below our gross margin product. So we're expecting a slight shift for Q2, and then probably, bounce back in the Q3, Q4 timeframe.
Glenn Muir: Yes. Virtually, no impact on revenue for the near to mid-term. We're really carving out a nice place in the low- to mid-tier labs, either because of a decentralized effort on our part in the labs or otherwise. It's not to say that we're not going after larger labs, and the volume levels are trending up. But in no way, does any of the time delays on HTA jeopardize that revenue trend.
Glenn Muir: Yes. We think over the next year, we are running at bottom line that is about break even with that product. And over the course of this year, as yields and scrap continue to improve, that we hope that the contribution margin of the product improves as well, which we would fully expect.
Glenn Muir: Yes. Well if we look sequentially from the September quarter, there's a couple of things that happened. Number one was to growth in the NovaSure devices themselves, so that contributed to improved absorption. But number two, we're making a lot of changes on the Adiana product itself, and we're having improved manufacturing yield, really from engineering, design changes and manufacturing process itself. So it's a combination of increased NovaSure, coupled with better Adiana manufacturing cost down in Costa Rica. And we do expect that to continue as we go forward as it relates to volumes. So if we look at Q2, because we are expecting NovaSure to come down a little bit due to seasonality, I would expect to see that gross margin to soften a little bit going into Q2, and then bounce back in Q3 as typically another up quarter for NovaSure.
