Stephen P. MacMillan: Thanks, Bob. Before we take questions, I would like to remind everyone of our priorities and commitments. First and foremost, we are focused on driving sustainable organic growth across all of our businesses, and believe we are already seeing signs of progress on this front. We're committed to reinvigorating our innovation engine and establishing a strong global infrastructure, which will require time and investment, but should yield significant benefits for the company in the long term. We are committed to paying down our debt obligations and restoring the company's financial flexibility while generating the sizable cash flows we have historically realized. We believe focusing on these priorities places us in the best position to drive improved performance and maximize shareholder value. This is a company with some truly breakthrough products, and we are on the path to improve performance. With that, Jamie, please open the call up to questions.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I think as you pointed out, David, we are going up against our easiest comp in the fourth quarter. So our reported growth will actually be a little bit better than it was in the last 2 quarters versus year ago. We're still being -- I would say, as we're shifting our guidance, I wouldn't want to signal that I'd say we're going from more conservative to more realistic guidance. We had 2 pretty big beats, but I think we feel pretty good still about the direction, but haven't sat through all the ups and downs and been through the full year cycle here yet to get overly ahead of ourselves on the revenue front. But I think we're feeling reasonably good about where it's headed.
Stephen P. MacMillan: David, before he answers that, I'd like to jump in and say one of his goals is to prevent the frequency of CEO changes. So with that, Bob will take over here.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I would say that the truth is, we're still on probably the top of the first inning, we're probably in the batter's box. Claus Egstrand Just started midway through the last quarter and if I'm candid with you, part of what he's going to do is rip a few things apart before he rebuilds and puts it all back together again. So I think he's been assessing the situation, sees clear opportunities to focus in specific geographies and specific franchises, and is really taking a franchise-based approach and a country-based approach to the efforts. And that's going to really start to build the infrastructure candidly this quarter, and really, next quarter. So I think it's going to be a build over time, as we look at it. But to underscore the opportunities, we are delivering nice growth in Europe. We did bring in a new head of our European business last year, and she's been doing a heck of a job driving that business. So I think that will be generating the shorter term growth, while he really then refocuses on Asia. And while everybody focuses a lot on China, we specifically have huge opportunities even in Japan. So big opportunities for us ahead. And I think what you'll see is, this is going to be a multi-year journey. Much like our tax strategy, a lot of what we're looking at is it's going to take a little bit of time as we build the right people and get everything in place.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Any time we have an uptick, probably always my first default is to credit the external events. I think that did it. I would tell you though, I think our sales force in that division has really settled down. If you look back, go back to third quarter, fourth quarter, call it our fourth fiscal quarter last year and even our first fiscal quarter of this year, that surgical division was thinking it might be sold off, turnover was incredibly high. That team has really hunkered down and refocused on executing and I'm just incredibly proud of the leadership and at all levels of that organization and how they've really settled that team down and refocused on the customers. And we saw very nice continued progress in MyoSure and even the NovaSure declines starting to slow. And I think it's just a blocking and tackling of those extra sales calls every day and reenergized team there. So that's probably one of the ones we're most proud of.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Great question, Mike. I think, really, both. There's still been the naysayers within the hospital purchasing community that have been able to kind of throw back. Well, we don't have any big studies, you got Oslo, you got Scottie, you got Rose, some little things here and there. I think we immediately are starting to see more interest, certainly from both the hospital community. And again, as you well know, because you're very familiar with capital purchase cycles, it's not like this quarter, sales are going to have this huge inflection point, but I think the momentum driving it is very good. The other piece that we literally saw that day was hospitals who were suddenly getting calls from patients starting to demand it. And I'd tell you one anecdote, we had some folks at a hospital I won't say, that had been very reticent and really was kind of going through the motions, I think, humoring our team and one more time. The meeting started at 10 a.m. that day and somebody came into the meeting and said they'd already gotten 6 calls from patients that morning, asking if that hospital had Hologic 3D mammo. So it clearly made for a better sales call than we otherwise would have expected. So I think it's both the patient awareness and I think we can do even more on that. The other anecdote in all of this is actually the OB/GYN community where we should be doing a better job of really educating that audience. We've been so focused on radiologists and the traditional users but as you know, we've got very nice sales forces calling on OB/GYNs. And a lot of the OB/GYNs hadn't really been very familiar with. So it's also something that we can leverage there. Again, given the size of that audience, that will take some time, but a study that's published in JAMA certainly has a lot of credibility with that audience as well.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Not seeing any meaningful difference. It's clearly not the late '08, early '09 time period, so it's open up, but it's still fairly rigorous. I would say, I think in general, we're competing against a lot of healthcare IT in terms of capital investments coming from the hospitals. So we've really got to make our cases. And I think even our own sales team in that Breast Imaging business is getting better at making the economic arguments in addition to just the technical features and benefits of the products. So it's still a slog in some, the process has gotten a lot more layered, shall we say, in terms of the number of sign offs within an institution, but nothing meaningfully different, say, today versus, I'd say, even a year ago.
Stephen P. MacMillan: It's probably a little more of the former, though it's a combination of both. I think the lack of differentiation is a simple smokescreen and a simple objection that can be put up there. Frankly, given the incredible differentiation of this product, even we're challenging our sales teams, and a lot of our sales teams that have been selling it, are selling through that objection. I do think knowing there's something coming is helping get people a little more comfortable. And I think that extra certainty will be a nice additional, call it, accelerator to the curve.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Very good question, Jon. I'd put it this way. We largely deal with the dealer network outside the U.S., and candidly, when you look at the performance of the company over time, I think we had developed a habit of allowing deep discounts at quarter end to get some extra revenue across the finish line. And we're in the process right now of saying, you know what, we're not going to do those deals. I think Bob has come in and my new team exerting a very different level of financial discipline that we're going to be willing to walk away from some deals that I think will come over time, but it's probably -- if you look, dare I say, we're never going to get into monthly reporting, but if you look at the months within the quarter, very different in the last month, dare I say, the last weeks of the quarter. And so I feel very good about where we will be going there.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I do think the worst is behind us. We're clearly probably getting a little bit of a pop from the ACA, but that's cut both ways because IUDs are now covered. I really think this one is largely is coming down the sales execution, and being reminded that we've got 2 great products in the bag. And I think to some degree, there was probably a bit of infatuation with MyoSure, and we just kind of took our eye off the ball a little bit with NovaSure. And now, the team, I think, has really hunkered back down and realizing if we can just slow the declines on NovaSure, that also helps get them a lot of closer to hitting their quotas and really helps both. So I think that the leadership team there has really reengaged and refocused the team on remembering what a great product NovaSure still is, even if it's facing some general declines. So I think we'll still see some declines there in the U.S., but the rate of them seem to come down and then we're really trying to ramp up those businesses outside the U.S.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, I think we're still seeing, in the U.S., fairly steady, it flips a little bit up and down. We can't say that we're slowing the decline yet in the U.S. on ThinPrep. And we still had a little bit of softness in China just as we're shifting to some dealers and some things on that front. So ThinPrep has continued to be a big headwind and I think it's important to point out if we didn't have that, that we'd be a lot more optimistic probably, about where we're going. But it's still a very profitable, high-margin business. It's going to be a headwind even in 2015 and so forth ahead of us but I think we're feeling it's still going down. We're working on trying to slow it and we're just not ready to declare that we're near the bottom yet.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I think we have that portfolio pretty well set at this stage now, so with what we have. By the way, to also answer a previous -- I realized I didn't answer the second part of Tycho's question around HPV and its link to this. We do continue to feel very good about co-testing. And therefore, ThinPrep I think, is still playing a very strong role in that going forward. And meanwhile, even though we don't have the primary indication for HPV, we feel good about the direction we're going there.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Clearly, the Molecular business right now in the U.S. is being boosted by Quest. So were going to get a 4-quarter run on that and, therefore, we don't want to get too excited about exactly what that will be once that all anniversaries. We are feeling very good about HPV. We're making great strides there and I really like our trajectory there.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. We've really got, I'd say, it's 2 things. It's that Panther instrument, which is just a dynamite instrument. Eric Compton and Bob, both as they came over -- Eric our Chief Operating Officer. I know when he first went out to San Diego and saw the Panther system was, dare I say, salivating and incredibly excited at what a good instrument it is. And our team, I think that's really the biggest part of the magic we got out of the Gen-Probe business. Combined with our sales leadership, we have -- I really like what our sales leadership is doing in that business. And if you think about some of the magic that we probably haven't talked about quite as much, but bringing the physician sales force, along with the lab sales force and getting them really working together to help support the labs, I think, is a competitive advantage for us that is starting to show and kick in a little bit. So again, it's really a sales execution story and sales leadership and rep story, along with the instrumentation.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I don't -- I think just -- it's almost -- this will sound like a cop out, but frankly, just getting it solidified, whether there was any differentiation or not, is enough that we ought to be able to sell the heck out of this product. This product is truly differentiated. And whether it becomes a small premium or medium premium, frankly, I don't think I want the investment community worried about a specific number. I would tell you, as I sit here, I worry people are going to peg a number and say gee, if it's above X or below Y, that it's not as meaningful. And at the end of the day, just having it quoted, we assume there will be differentiation, but we would also plan even worse case if it wasn't differentiated, but we still want to be able to drive this franchise incredibly well regardless of where it plays out. So I don't want to headline a #1 way or the other, and we ought to be able to drive it.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I think we're still in the pre-season. There is years and years of growth ahead of us for our surgical business outside the U.S. and we're literally -- we're in the basics here of figuring out country-by-country, a reimbursement strategy and where we go. So it ought to be a very nice double-digit growth story for a long, long time. So if we play the one game, then we're clearly in the first quarter.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Less about the fourth quarter, but I think we are concerned a bit about the pricing pressure in that space. It's getting more competitive, certainly and I think is one of the headwinds we will face going forward in the molecular business.
Stephen P. MacMillan: It's bits of both but we're clearly getting some incremental business and a reasonable chunk of incremental, but we're also upgrading existing customers as well.
Robert W. McMahon: It's a good question. You had a number of questions in there and maybe I'll take it in a couple of areas. When I think about what are some of the focus areas that I'm going to be looking at, both short-term and long-term, I'll really speak to kind of 3 areas. And first and foremost, as Steve talked about, what we want to do with this company. I'm really going to be focused on helping improve the operational execution of the business. This is going to be including working with some of the new leadership, as he mentioned, in our divisions, to increase the profitability and helping drive better performance by instilling some of that financial discipline. I think there's real opportunity there, both in the short term and also in the long term. I also think that we need to be focused on a much more disciplined approach to capital allocation. We want to leverage those strong operating cash flows to pay down the debt. We are improving our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio. But as you, I'm sure, know, we're highly leveraged relative to our peers and we want to increase our operating flexibility going forward. As part of that, one of the things that we are going to be looking at more concretely is ROIC. We have been publishing that. That's a metric that I think is a really important metric for this company. And I think by increasing that, that really creates shareholder value, leads to shareholder value. Our current is 8.3, and I think that's something, longer term, I'm going to really be focused on improving that over time. And then finally, I spoke to it a little bit, our opportunity around optimizing our tax position. Again, I think that's one of the key opportunities. I think that's something that we're looking at over time. We haven't had a tax planning in the organization of any significance, and we're a primarily U.S. based company, but longer term, with the growth opportunities that we have in international, we think that we'll be able to have a nice dovetail there between our tax strategy and our growth strategies to lower that tax rate over time.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes, Mike this is Bob, I'll take that. And so as I mentioned, currently, were at 4.2x. I would tell you that's too high. I think we've mentioned getting back into a more normalized and that would probably be in the 2.5x net debt-to-EBITDA ratio we've put out there. We think we can get there by fiscal year '17, and I think that, that makes sense. And I think until we do that and pay down, it's probably premature to talk about how we would distribute excess cash, but that will be something that we will be taking on over time.
Robert W. McMahon: No, I would agree with you, Steve. I think like others, we are also seeing some pricing headwinds in some other areas of the business. And what we're trying to do is where we have the opportunity to extract that value as you talked about.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes, I don't think we're going to be prepared to talk to the breakout of our service revenue between 2D and 3D.
Robert W. McMahon: But overall, I mean, our service revenue, which is primarily, obviously, in our Digital Mammography business, grew 8.5% as I mentioned. That was helping drive the Breast Health. We see that as a very positive development, given the large installed base of digital mammography systems that we have. And while I'm not going to project going forward, we don't see that significantly dropping off.
Robert W. McMahon: Vijay, this is Bob. I think we're still in the early stages, so I'm not going to get into specific numbers around when we think that the tax rate can go down, but rest assured that's something that is high on my agenda. What I would say is, with the opportunities that we're having around up and expanding our International business, there's a number of opportunities that we can do with looking at our footprint in redomiciling [ph] things like IP, and so forth. This is something that's going to take time. As you mentioned, we have 75% of our revenues in the U.S. and we're still growing our U.S. business. But this is something that we're going to be focused on and actually have already started doing some of the kind of the blocking and tackling, and that's why some of our G&A costs are actually high year-over-year, as we're starting to rationalize some legal entities to help prepare or pave the road for optimizing some of our tax structures going forward. So we're starting to do that. When we have a more concrete plan, we will share that with you.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes, I would say we're -- this is Bob. So to follow that same analogy, I mean, we're pretty close to -- we've rolled it out, we've been very successful, we continue to see nice volume increases associated with our Diagnostics business. And as I mentioned, Quest is a portion of that. And we signed that about mid-year last year. And so, that ramp-up will start anniversary-ing itself, some in the third quarter this year, but more in the fourth quarter.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes, so we -- the royalties that we've received to date are de minimis. And actually, the details actually can be found on the Res 1. Our royalty rate was 12% and it has an option to go, depending on performance and the paydown, it could be to 8% and eventually, to 4%. But I would say, this is kind of a one-time. We haven't seen any material revenue associated with that royalty to date, and don't expect that this would have a material impact in '15.
