Karleen Oberton: Yes. So, certainly, acquisitions are dilutive. I think we've talked about at least $0.10 in 2022. I think when we look at the core, we would expect that the operating margin would be at or slightly above where we - prior to the pandemic. I think we've referenced that 31.5% right at Q2 2020 as what to think about on the base business. But certainly, as we move forward, the acquisitions are dilutive. And while we're really pleased about the international growth, that is also dilutive to the operating margin profile. But certainly, our job is to continue to look for opportunities to drive efficiencies.
Karleen Oberton: To some extent, offset, but some of it's dropping to the bottom-line as well. As we always have initiatives to improve cost, but then certainly, those initiatives are at the pace of these headwinds that we're experiencing.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So you have the 420 is correct, Vijay. There's no contribution from Boulder in the guidance as the deal hasn't closed.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So Mobidiag was roughly $7 million in the quarter. And so I think as we look to 2022, I think we talked about $150 million plus from all the acquisitions and about half of that is organic.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I mean, I think the thing about that service is tied to our installed base in that as we even place new gantries. Now sometimes the replacements, they kind of come off a service for you, they have warranty. So, I would expect that the service would probably be a lower end of growth when I think about that division. But certainly, as I said in the prepared remarks, the overall division should be in that 5% to 7%.
Karleen Oberton: So certainly, that pricing would be favorable from the single test. But we've, to Steve's comments, really haven't assumed much related to that at this point given it seems like customers still just want COVID only.
Karleen Oberton: Yes, certainly. I mean, Patrick, we're going to maintain our discipline as it relates to M&A and make sure that we certainly want to do well on the deals that we've executed so far. So that will be a little bit more of a flux in the focus. But certainly, the division still have their BD teams out there identifying assets and if we find the right opportunity, we'll execute on it.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So certainly, I think we said in our prepared remarks that we would expect margins to come down sequentially throughout the year as the COVID at this point is heavily weighted to the first half of the year. As I look at where we exit the year in 2022, the margins are in the low-60s on the gross margin and low-30s on the operating margin as we had indicated. So - and that assumes a pretty, pretty low COVID contribution as we exit the year as we planned for right now.
Stephen MacMillan: Brian, the other piece to keep in mind is what we kind of called out as well, with additional charitable contributions, extra employee bonuses. It was our - as you can tell, it was our fiscal year-end. It was a tremendous year, dropping an extra $0.01 or $0.02 to Wall Street at this point on an 8 41 number. It was probably not our top priority versus investing for the future. And you look in total, our R&D spending up significantly over 20% for the year. We really used it to make additional investments for the future.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Overall, we feel really good. There were clearly some impacts on installations here and there as hospitals hunkered back down a little bit in that August-September period. We continue to feel good about the backlog and feel good about the overall trends within that Breast Health business.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure, Tycho. I think we continue to feel really good that we will not see a drop-off relative to historical placements on Panther's. And if anything, we'll probably do a little bit better than the number you just mentioned and therefore, probably a little bit better than even we've been doing the previous years going into it as global demand continues to be great. The average dollars per Panther, it's all over the place right now because, obviously, we have COVID running through a bunch of them. I think the logical expectation is we'd probably be a little bit lower than that 240 number, given the incredible number we've placed. Also, a huge amount of them are outside - if you basically look at it on a base business basis. I think what - with COVID, those numbers are going to continue to be good, but it's hard to predict for the full year, obviously, given where COVID will go. But I think what we love is they're out there, they're placed. We probably take a slight short-term dip on revenue per Panther in the short-term, while that continues to go up as they port our base assays onto those Panthers. So I do think as you're getting to the overall number of Panthers we have placed has got to bode very well. And the other reality is, we're all seeing about labor constraints. Do not underestimate - again, I know you know it, Tycho. But the fact that Panther is such an automated system. And I know there's ongoing questions of, okay, what's going to happen with all these Panthers once COVID runs down? Most of our customers are dying to get our base business on to these and for those labor savings opportunities.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, I hate to say it, but I think we're a little fortunate in that we're pretty small in China and therefore, are not seeing big impact in the volume-based tenders, probably not coming quite after our categories at this stage in time. But I would tell you truthfully, it's a time I'm glad we're smaller there. We see opportunities to grow there, but we probably have more upside than downside as we look at that part of the world.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. I think a lot of it in the near term has still been COVID. And even – there are a lot of hospitals and a lot of labs that even as they saw - started to see some declines pre-Delta, they were starting to ramp up our base assays and then decided we better stay loose. And so, I would tell you there's probably some Panthers being a little bit underutilized right now internationally because they don't want to start to ramp them up with our tests and then have to stop. So we feel great about that as basically on deck and ready to go as soon as they have the ability. It's one reason why the Panther placements internationally have continued to be very strong because they've gotten the exposure and they want to build up with our tests. So, I think feeling great that there has been - we've even had a number of customers in the United States as well that we're just starting in kind of July to start to ramp down the COVID, ramp up our women's health stuff. And then all of a sudden, time out, we want to keep this capacity for right now on COVID.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. We did kind of view that in the baseline. They were a touch - obviously, as we saw the August, especially September, they had a little bit of an impact. Again, I think there's been way too much overall focus on the short-term ups and downs of COVID and what it does to the base. But I think overall, we feel very, very good about that core and about where we're headed as we come into 2022 on both of those businesses. And as Karleen and I both mentioned, those businesses are more diversified than ever, both product-wise as well as geography-wise. And I think that sets us up well here for 2022 and for the longer term.
Stephen MacMillan: Thank you, Anthony. The reality is we don’t exactly know and track at that level of the Panthers. But what we do know is they've clearly been running, in many cases, not quite flat out, but close to it during the pandemic that all of which creates the opportunity as COVID ramps down for us to really shift over our base business. So, I think that's what makes us so excited about the future of Diagnostics. We had good growth rates going in. Particularly internationally, you've been seeing - we'd had double-digit almost 20% growth in our molecular diagnostics business for the last few years and numbers of quarters as we come out of the pandemic or even as things slow down to a more manageable level, which looks to be hopefully on the horizon here. That creates meaningful opportunity for more and more of our base businesses to really get ramped up there.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. Mike, we're prepared - and when we said we launched it, we've had it cleared now, and it's ready to go for customers. We're still basically hearing from most of our customers. They want straight COVID test. As the months evolve here, do we start to get a bigger spike in that - the flu season? Clearly, I do think that we believe as you go forward this year, and let's face it, probably even next year, most people that are going to get tested for flu are probably going to end up getting tested for COVID as well. So, we will see how it plays out. We're assuming relatively small volumes as it relates to our multiplex test at this point in time until it starts to materialize.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. 3D is still very low penetration rates in much of the international markets. And frankly, it's something that we hope the Hologic Global Women's Health Index will actually be able to start to highlight a little bit more, which is many countries outside the U.S. are still only reserving 3D more for diagnostic mammograms as opposed to screening. And frankly, many still don't have great screening programs in general. So we're able, ultimately through the Global Women's Health Index, I think to start to have more discussions about better screening programs, about the need for 3D. And the fact that 3D in many cases is economically advantageous over the longer term, particularly in single-payer systems, where the ability to detect earlier, treat earlier, avoiding all the false positives, the false call - the unneeded callbacks and all of that. So I think we remain very bullish over the longer term. It continues to be something that's going to play out over years, not quarters.
Stephen MacMillan: Sure. I think we're probably not ready to give exact numbers on Novo, but the initial sale is off to a good start. And we're just loving that acquisition so far. As it relates to Boulder, I think that will be a - clearly a multiyear journey to build up the market of that size. But I think the magic for us with both Acessa and Boulder is, as you know, we've long targeted surgical as an opportunity to put more into those sales force's bags. And I'm really proud of the team, Sean Doherty and Dan Essex more recently running that division and finally starting to make some good deals happen for that business. And the sales forces are excited. And I think it will create a great runway for years to come here in the surgical business.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think the magic, Patrick, for the first time that I've been with the company, as we look at all 3 franchises and we look both domestically and international. So, if you just play that out in 6 buckets or 9 if you count U.S., international and then worldwide, they're all looking good in that 5% to 7% range, and there's not any major hiccups that are out there. So, I think we feel really, really as good across the board. There will always be a country here or there or a little business and those kinds of things. But overall, it's probably been as solid across the board as we've seen. I think that's part of what really gave us the confidence, frankly, on the last call, we put out the 5% to 7% guidance because there's always been – there was a little more red lurking in the – on the horizon there than – it wasn't as green across the board as it looks now.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. We'll probably give more of that once we close the deal. We're still obviously in the midst of - we'll probably close at the end of the calendar year and probably be in a better position, Max, honestly, to answer it next quarter. But clearly, it is growing pretty nicely. They've gotten some nice products approved over the course of the last 12 months. And we'll be very helpful in terms of the uptick. But it is - it's a new sale. It's going to take a couple of oftentimes one or two visits. And still, frankly, in some of these COVID constrained world, we want to manage our expectations upfront. We feel really good about the opportunity.
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think the Novodiag and the launch going on there, I think that's going to be the big opportunity for us as we go into the smaller labs, a broader menu and already feeling really good. Obviously, it's CE marked at this point. It's still a few years away in the United States, but feeling really good to be a nice opportunity to really drive the international business in the nearer term on that and then ultimately a big play in the U.S. over time.
