Steve MacMillan: Yes, Dan, thank you. First off, it's funny how things go in full circle. As you know, over the last few years, we've acquired a number of our dealers in Europe on the Breast Health side and that gave us much more of a direct presence in a lot of the key countries, the UK, Germany, Spain, Portugal, just to name a few, and it’s really helped us strengthen our whole team in Europe. So we've been building relationships at a higher level. As COVID has hit, it's given us incredible access to a lot of the major governments. We've got contracts with just about every major government in Europe. And in so doing, we're now on their radar screen that they really – a lot of them didn't know about the Diagnostics business and how much of a leader we are in the sexually transmitted infections and other stuff. So we've been able, as we've been selling in COVID and giving them Panthers to really be booking new business that will come online as the Panthers go down, and really just being able to talk more about our cytology business, our HPV business, and really just a different level of relationship that we think is going to strengthen us significantly down the road.
Steve MacMillan: Great question, Dan. I think, we’d probably put it in a couple of different perspectives. First and foremost, I would say is as -- while we are obviously generating a ton of cash right now, we also have the luxury of being in an enormous position of strength and that our base businesses are performing. And I think the best way that you can be very disciplined on deals is when it's easy to walk away from anything because you don't need anything and you feel good about your underlying business. So then if we look at the market specifically, it's been fascinating to watch over the last eight months, right? First, everybody hunkered down back March, April, May, including ourselves. We had pushed things like the Acessa deal. We had even pushed out a few months and we'd had a relationship with Biotheranostics and kind of just wanted to see where our own cash flow was at that point in time. So now, obviously, there is a lot of companies that are fairly flushed with cash. There is also a fairly healthy IPO market right now. So there is a bit of froth out there I think and we want to be disciplined. So I would tell you, as excited as the deals we've done. I'm probably more proud of some deals we've gone pretty deep on over the last three, four months that we walked away from, really over valuation or other issues in diligence. And that's I think the maturing of our team here and that the fundamental strength. So I think we're in a position where if we can get the right assets at the right price with good ROICs, hey, that's great. And if we need to wait some things out or even miss some things, we're not going to get caught into bidding wars and overpay. So I do think it's a pretty vibrant market right now. We've had every banker beating us – beating our door down trying to sell us things as you can imagine, but staying very disciplined.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Patrick. You're hitting on clearly one of ‘the biggest questions. I believe very strongly that we will continue to improve our market share, right? In the beginning this was kind of the wild, wild west. The FDA granted a gazillion EUAs, everybody raced out to the market. At the end of the day, we have some very powerful and enduring assets that we believe will put us in a really good place over the long run. It starts frankly with Panther and the installed base. We know there is a ton of hospitals that in a bare minimum are going to want to continue to test everybody that comes in their doors for procedures. They have them on site, they'll be doing that.  As we seek to get more people back to work and back-to-school, there is going to be a need for high-level testing that's asymptomatic. And I think again, what's been happening in the short-term, because there wasn't enough molecular tests in the beginning and the long turnaround times, there is a big emphasis on a lot of the rapid tests, particularly some of the antigen stuff and they're going to have a place. But at the end of the day, they're not indicated, most of them for asymptomatic screening and we keep learning more and more by the day. How much of this is asymptomatically being passed along?  And when you look at a lot of these super spreader events, they are quite frankly being caused by using the wrong tests off label to try to determine whether people have something. And I think over time, what we always say to our team is the cream rises to the top. So you have Panther and it’s where it's located. You have an assay that's got incredible sensitivity specificity and one of the best labels. We also have the pooling indication. And once you get back into screening, call it, next fall, right, think about simple things. We want to get everybody back to school in the fall. The vaccines still aren't indicated for people under 16. So as we keep talking about vaccinating the country, children are going to be excluded from that. We're going to want to be doing asymptomatic screening and a lot of the antigen tests that people may say are great right now, they're not going to be as effective at picking up particularly asymptomatic indications. So we have that and then you just have the pure workflow advantage that should never be forgotten and that is the workflow of Panther, the random access automation ability to just make this as easy. The lab techs around the world have been running a marathon at sprint speed, they are exhausted. You can't walk in any lab and not hear from the lab director that their techs are just tired and they would much rather be able to be using Panther.  And one of the fundamental realities is, we've been shipping so much, but not all of it has been with our full pen caps and that's part of the capacity we've been building up. And as we're able to provide more and more of our pen caps, it creates the full automation benefit that not everybody has even been fully getting yet.  So, we have no idea, truly exactly how this is going to play out, but all the discussions we've been having with the Biden transition team has been continued about, “Hey, are you still building up more capacity?“ And we certainly are. We'll see how it all plays out. But I think like every market we compete in, we think we're going to be there standing.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. Overall, I would say it's really on the margin. We – frankly I think we finished the last quarter better than most. The fact that Surgical and Breast Health both ended up growing, which we wouldn't have expected. Whether they grow or stay flattish, we're probably talking little pieces here. We're seeing little pockets right in certain geographies; certainly, we’ll have a couple of slower days in the surgical business or in the Breast Health consumable business. So it's I'd call it, it's a little temporary outages, but fundamentally it's going to be tiny for us given that we've got the COVID offset and I think we just continue to focus on sharing it will, take care of itself here over time, but maybe slightly more muted this quarter on a couple of those businesses, but still overall good.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. We continue to look at different areas and different technologies Chris. I mean I’ll tell you, if we’ve been inundated we’d probably get five or 10 per day, little companies, different technologies coming our way. We’re certainly looking at some. We’re probably generally a little more focused in the labs that we’re – you know in our existing customers. We’re always looking on the fringe other ways to extend out from there. So we’ll continue to look at everything and stay disciplined on where we can get a good return and where we can bring value to the market.
Steve MacMillan: Yes Tycho, thanks. I think in terms of the new variance, right now we feel very good that the way we’ve designed our test, you know we have basically designed ours with two targets to ensure there’s a backup target in case the virus mutates. So we continue to watch that but feel very good, and this is part of many advantages of having an incredibly sensitive and specific test to begin with, it targets the genomic regions that are less likely to mutate. So I think we feel very good about our ability to continue to catch those very well. And the second part of that was what again the multiplex.
Steve MacMillan: I’m sorry. Yes, the multiplex, we figure come the fall – for this winter as we all know there’s basically been no flu season demand for our product. It’s virtually been entirely our single COVID test. I think come next fall, having a syndromic multi, multiple option is probably going to make more sense and you would expect that we’ll typically be there.
Steve MacMillan: I think at least in the short term, we’re probably still reasonable. I think over the long run we’ve got to assume both of those will eventually come down. But I think at this point, particularly with the Biden administration extending the public health emergency through the end of 2021, we don’t see any real near-term pressure on reimbursement.  I’m sure again, that will probably start to evolve as we go forward and it may evolve at different paces with different governments around the world as well, but so that ultimately will be some downward pressure certainly probably on pricing, but feel pretty good about where we are right now.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. We certainly did an ASR in conjunction with the Cynosure divestiture. In general, not a huge fan of those short of an event. I think we’ve been pretty good buyers of our stock. When you look back over the last, really five fiscal years, I think we’ve bought back over 30 million shares and been fairly consistent last year even more so.  I think it continues to be an important part of our strategy, but probably more executed along the way, both offsetting dilution, as well as frankly we’ve been reducing our share count really now for a number of years.
Steve MacMillan: We think there was probably some catch-up. Again is it a few percentage points, is it saying – it’s hard to completely quantify Jack in terms of both cytology, as well as surgical and plus you have the year-end, people trying to get them in who have exceeded their Caps for the year, so you tend to have a pretty good time at year-end.  In terms of capital a little hard to know; we saw a little bit of strength in pockets, certainly. I think the way we’re thinking about it overall is there’s still going to be some little puts and takes here as the markets settle back down in the coming quarters. Are we continuing to take market share? Are we continuing to get stronger? And none of it frankly is going to make a huge difference. Do we grow a 100% next quarter or 95%, it’s – we’re talking on the base business, what would be minor percentages in terms of the total.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, I think in terms of your – the first question, I think we’ve got you know consistently a lot of singles coming in new product development. Frankly we hit a Grand Slam in Diagnostics and put all of our energy and it’s hard for people to fully understand how much R&D and manufacturing and quality assurance resources went into getting all of both the assays out for COVID, as well as the additional label indications, things like pooling and they involve a lot of software. So we’re continuing even just on pathways to continue to strengthen there.  In Breast Health we’ve got a number of things coming out using AI. We’ve got follow-ups from the SSI acquisition on ultrasound. You know Brevera is really in the process of rolling out. So we’ve got a lot of additional software and smaller things there. Then we’ve got obviously Acessa, the Pro-View product rolling in within the surgical business. So I think we feel very good about the cadence of those things rolling out. And then on the M&A front, I’ll probably go back to our – the comment I made in probably answering the first question or so, which is to me the best way to be disciplined in M&A is to have a great core business and all of our business’s right now are good. We’ve also got just really good teams able to do some great due diligence. We’ve really walked away from a number of things actually even over the last few months and we continue to work others. So I think we’re able to look a little bit bigger, certainly given the cash, but we don’t necessarily have big eyes or big needs and I think if anything, we’re probably likely to be building a little bit more of a cash position here in the near term as Karleen mentioned. We’ve generated a $1 billion [ph] of cash, just in the last two quarters. We certainly aren’t spending at that rate and that’s okay for right now, we’ll be patient and disciplined.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, we’re continuing to produce Panthers at a similar rate right now to what we just placed, given that we still have very strong demand. I think probably later into calendar year ‘21, does that start to back down a little bit, probably given the extreme ramp-up, but we are continuing to produce at a similar rate right now.
