Stephen P. MacMillan: I was going to say Doug that was very clever of the way you – two questions and it was clearly three. Let's, we will try to take them all. I think in terms of the Molecular Diagnostics piece, we are seeing continued growth in Panther placements, driven both by just our sales activities but the enhanced menu is definitely helping on that. And, so again, I think it's all incrementally strengthening that will pay off and continue. We expect continued Panther placements into 2019. We're probably seeing a little bit more of an uptick in some of our international Panther placements in the last couple of quarters, which we think also bodes well to continue that growth going forward. In terms of pricing pressures, nothing significantly different in the quarter, pretty flattish. And the final piece in terms of discussions about any particular contracts, as we said in the past, we're not going to comment on any specific customer negotiations, but we'll share more of that as we go into next year's guidance and everything else that will be factored in.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. Clearly, given the nature of the businesses, Brian, we want to be in the mid single digit business. And I think, obviously, our goal is to get back there. As you well know, we've got a couple of large businesses that are going to be below that and then it's getting the rest to be going above it. So I think as we transition into next year and certainly we're going to avoid giving 2019 guidance at this point in time, but certainly want to be accelerating as we come out of the year.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. The simple goal is, we're starting to see some very nice uptick in the PAC key revenue. So still not enormous, but it's moving very nicely in the directions, as the SculpSure machines that are out there are starting to get more usage. And so I think it's all part of the broader play of getting our marketing efforts, driving people in to get SculpSure treatments, getting the PAC keys going. And certainly, over time, as we've talked about, new products that will bring more of a disposable element in addition to just a pure capital sale. We think over time that's going to become a much bigger part of the business, but that's going to be a multi-year journey, certainly.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. You know what, our timeline will be get back to them within the 30-day window that they've requested. And let me give you a much bigger picture perspective on this as to why I think this is going to be a huge net positive for us over time. And this quarter, does it put a little damper on things we'll see, may very well be. But over time this is going to be very good. And Tycho, I think, you were around long enough to know my early days at Stryker, when the DOJ and Chris Christie came in and looked at the orthopedic industry practices and I will tell you, I remember standing in front of my first sales meeting as CEO at Stryker, where people thought I had my head in the sand, because a lot of our competitors were pursuing sales practices that we were not going to go down that path. And at the end of the day when the DOJ came and looked into the orthopedic industry and while it was painful to go through that, if you remember, the five major companies were looked at, and early on Stryker was losing market share when I took over. When we got a level playing field and the regulations got clearer and the scrutiny got better, in a level playing field, the best teams with the best products are going to win. And when Chris Christie settled that and you may recall the other four companies all got fined and all got deferred prosecution agreements and Stryker did not. And that started for the next 10 years, Stryker gaining market share. And that's exactly what we think will happen in this industry. So frankly, having a little scrutiny, while it can be a little bit of short term pain, we absolutely welcome it because I believe it will allow the cream to rise to the top, and that's fully where we expect to be. We are investing in the clinical trials. We're investing in the right people. We're building the right teams and really think it'll play well to us over time.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I think let's take Surgical, which by the way if you recall, 4.5 years ago Surgical was a declining business. And then it got into some good solid mid-single digit growth, became hyper growth frankly when we had a competitive withdrawal in the category. I think that inflated it. The longer term growth rate for those categories, if you play it out, endometrial ablation is probably a flattish category truthfully, and then fibroid removal is probably a high singles. So the blended average of our Surgical business is probably a mid singles. And we ought to be every bit, as you know, we expect ourselves to grow faster than the categories we compete in. So I think Surgical getting back into the mid singles is where we feel good. We'd love it to be even better than that. And I think you'll see in the U.S., certainly in this coming quarter it will be a return to growth. We returned globally to growth or call it flattish this quarter. The U.S. has been sequentially getting stronger each over the last few quarters but it still declined less. We don't want to be talking about declining less. So we feel fully confident that team will return to growth. And then we look at Medical Aesthetics, we do believe we're on the verge of starting to turn that business into a market to better than market grower at what is probably right around the 10%-ish number. So we're not going to be satisfied unless we're going for a double digit growth on that as we come out of the year.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Jaime. Yeah, I'd say for the first time we are probably at about a normal level since over a year ago. So we've got a couple of openings here and there but it's now kind of in that standard range where you've always got a few openings and a little bit. And I think it's really the first time that we've been at that level. Now we still have people coming up to speed because the average tenure of many of the reps are still pretty junior in a lot of cases. But I think we feel really good about the progress we've made. And I think the part that's very encouraging is a lot of our legacy team, the folks who've been here, they are just not going to cover off the ball. So we have people really, really putting up very strong growth rates while they've been offset by some of the vacancies and everything else. So I think as we come into the fourth quarter, starting to feel better and better. Are we operating at 100% effectiveness yet? No. But do we have most of the positions filled with good people? Yes.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I think what we continue to be excited about is TempSure is probably one of the first, what I'll call, real platform technologies that we have gotten into. And we basically have a Surgical offshoot of that product that should be coming next year. So very excited by the initial sales of TempSure and then we have stuff coming behind it as we'll go into next year.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah, I think David, the way I would think about it is July and August typically in this industry are pretty light. So you do have a clear step down. I think our hope would be that the improved sales force and everything else could almost offset that. But you've also got the international component of that which will also be a little softer. And candidly MonaLisa is probably a slight little curveball. I think what it will probably do is put a pause on potentially some sales here in the short term and that might be the difference between deep down wanting to actually see it go up in the quarter or not. But I think being cautious while we are still getting out from – getting this business back on track I would assume that that's probably a slight more of a headwind this quarter that will play out well over the long term for us.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Another magical ability to get three questions into two, David. On the Fuji piece, I think, we feel good that competitively, frankly, even without the legal win our teams are being very aggressive and we continue to get a lot of wins. Certainly, they were going incredibly deep on pricing and does that create some opportunities for us? Frankly, there were some of the accounts that we're just not going to go that low. So it may allow us to pick up some additional business in that arena here as we go forward. And there's – the first one is really momentum in Breast Health. There's a lot of momentum in our Breast Health business right now that we really like what's going on there.
Stephen P. MacMillan: And to the other question on MonaLisa. We're actually fairly deep in discussions with FDA about deeper studies for MonaLisa Touch, things that we haven't discussed exactly but very deep into the discussions. And frankly, it's why we extended the partnership. As we announced, I think, on the last quarterly call, we see this being a great product over time, but we have that more modest expectations because we have been limited, as you know, in terms of where we've been selling it. And we wanted to generate additional clinical data for the product to strengthen the claim structure around it. So we're actually been deep in discussions with them on that.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. Jack, I think we want to be careful not to get into 2019 guidance, but I think on a high level, you know what, gross margins probably not going to move dramatically, because of the international business continues to grow at a lower gross margin, probably not going to be seeing the huge wins that we had in the previous years. They're also – depending on what happens with the tariffs that could be a slight headwind to gross margin that we would seek to try to make up as much as we can, but dealing with that. I think we'll get a little bit of OpEx leverage. So whereas – that as we grow that's got to be the ability to start to drive a little bit more operating margin expansion.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, great question. We are seeing much -- many more deals that I'd say have the profile of a Faxitron. And I think as you know we made an organizational change really at the end of last calendar year where we eliminated the Chief Operating Officer. Me having direct access to the Presidents now of the divisions they're really starting to ramp up the activity and just our whole corporate team supporting that it's just, it's a very different outlook. And I think they're starting to see some things and we're looking at a lot more things in the flow that are what I'd call much more the true tuck-ins that supplement our existing businesses. As it relates to Breast Health we've been looking at the continuum of patient care and how we continue to build out from the strength we have in mammography. And we've been seeing the growth of the breast conserving surgery area and it's such an adjacency. It's right for us to be able to go in and have a bigger play. We have a very small product in that space today, so we've got the knowledge, we've got the presence. But this will allow us to build out. And that -- these are the kind of tuck-ins that we really want to be doing. And I would say frankly in each division right now we're starting to see some of them and we've got them coming forth. So I'm not going to say we're going to have one ready to go every quarter or whatever else. It's never that linear or clean. But I can tell you the teams are really starting to surface some good things. And two years ago or even a year ago we just want to bring many good ideas forth.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I think on the MonaLisa piece, it's really very early to know how it will play out for the other companies and everything else. We're just going to focus on ourselves. I think we continue to feel good about MonaLisa. We are very willing to invest in the clinical studies. And by the way none of us are perfect. I'm sure between legacy stuff (54:50) have you slightly over promoted here or there. We'll clean anything like that up just as I did earlier in my Stryker days, and then we'll move forward. And again feel really good about the product and our commitment to the clinical expertise. As it relates to Fuji, frankly they haven't been that big of a competitor. Most of what we're competing with day-to-day is really GE and Siemens institutions. And I think we continue to feel really good about the wins we're continuing to get. You don't grow our Breast Health business the way we have been doing now for a number of years, post all the concerns about the cliff without continuing to take market share. So I think, Fuji, I put in the nuisance category. And they are certainly there and we hope to have them permanently withdrawn from the products that are infringing our patents and that'll certainly help. But day-in day-out we're also still competing against some very formidable competitors in GE and Siemens. But we like our chances.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Great. Hey. I don't think we're going to necessarily disclose the Faxitron growth rates but solid. And we kind of ignored Bill's...
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah, yeah. It's accretive to our growth rate. Bill's number was probably slightly high, I would guess, just where we are in the quarter and where they are in terms of, as we take it over. But I think feel good about a full year number. In terms of the base business growth rates, I would not endorse mid-teens international growth for our base business going forward. I think we've had seven straight quarters of big stuff. But now we're really starting to get against big comps and especially stacked comps. We still expect our international business clearly to be growth accretive. We also picked up, as you know, a couple of distributor acquisitions. So I think that'll come – certainly slow down as we've annualized all of that, but continue to feel really good about the growth rate of our international business being accretive to the company. And finally, I don't – we have not seen any buying in or stocking in from China. I wish our business was bigger for us to realize that kind of an impact in China. But I think nothing noticeable at this point.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Mark. Let me be clear. My comment to Derik, unless I misunderstood his question, was about our total international business growing at mid teens. I think we would expect our Molecular Diagnostics business to continue to be a very healthy grower internationally. And again not ready to give guidance but my comment was more about our total business. I think we feel good about what's going on in Europe. We continue to place Panthers. Our team has gotten a lot stronger there at selling. And as the menu builds out feeling really good about additional opportunities in Europe. And again even though we are going against some very formidable competitors in that part of the world, we are getting some very nice wins and expect that to continue.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I think, it came down a bit largely because the heavy investment in the virology programs and Diagnostics, which was a huge clinical program came down. I would not expect that to leverage much more. I think it's kind of – it's almost like the business development stuff. Now that we're getting – we've got better people in place and everything else starting to see some other projects that we can work on. And I think that will be an area of probably less leverage going forward, because we don't want to – we want to make sure we're investing for the future. And it could even tick up ever sort of slightly probably as we go forward. But again hopefully we're able to keep it at that level and invest for the future, grow the top line, grow the R&D budget, and good things keep happening.
Stephen P. MacMillan: They'll certainly play a role. And again we'll talk much more on the next call when we give guidance for next year.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Dan as you well said, a lot of our competitors are much more entrenched there. We're in the early stages. And I'd probably put it as it's going to be not significant probably even as we go into 2019. But we're putting our foot in the door. We're building the relationships. Obviously in the announcement last week with the Clinton Health Care, Health Access Initiative, I think it's going to go a long way to putting us on the map there. It's probably going to yield bigger benefits in call it 2020 and beyond. But I think we feel good about the initial start that we're getting in there. And we finally have the menu and the system in terms of Panthers that we can make a difference there. It'll be probably lower price and lower margin as we also try to do good but overall feel like that will be a very good place for us to be as well.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I think a very fitting and final comment for Bob as he signs off. And again a huge thanks to Bob and welcome to Karleen. Many of you will get to know her in the years ahead. We wish Bob, all the best as he moves forth and thank you everybody for listening to our call. And keep watching as we keep making this company better and better. Thank you.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes. Thanks, Vijay. And what I would say is in many ways I'm very sad to leave Hologic. I couldn't be more proud of what we've accomplished and of the talented team that we have here in place, and quite honestly the opportunities the business has ahead of it. My experience here was a big stepping stone in kind of my professional career that actually gave me the opportunity to have the opportunity at Agilent which is a more global company or slightly bigger. And what I would say is I leave knowing that the company is in better shape than certainly when I got here. And I leave it in very capable hands with Karleen. I know she will be a great partner to Steve and the rest of the leadership team here and will continue the great work that we've been doing.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah, hey, Isaac, it's Bob. This business generated roughly $27 million in its last fiscal year. So it's not going to have a material impact on the total company. We do believe that there's opportunities to improve gross margins over time, obviously leveraging the scale that we have. They're slightly lower than where we are today but we do see that that has an opportunity to improve. As we think about the business probably not going to have any impact in 2018 and it will be EPS neutral in 2019 but then accretive thereafter.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah, hey, Bill this is Bob. We're probably not going to give you the international OUS split right now. What I would say is it's – although I would say the majority of the revenue is in the U.S. as we think about it they do have a strong distribution channel already, so what we are going to be able to do is leverage that as well as then bring our what I'll call discipline to it and improve. So we bring a channel. We bring some expertise and that actually expands our offerings within the radiology and then the breast biopsy suite. So we think about it as an adjacency that they already have a strong – they have a leading position in the products that they provide. I think we'll be able to utilize our resources and expertise to actually grow that business even beyond what they were able to do.
Robert W. McMahon: Steve, can I add just something to that. David, to that point, the two newest gantries that we launched just recently, the 3Dimensions and 3D Performance is just at the lower end, represented roughly 50% of all the 3D gantries that we launched or that we sold in the quarter. And we still continue to have a very high capture rate of new opportunities. So when we look at the U.S. we believe that when we look at new placements, we're still getting in excess of eight out of every ten of those. And so, we feel very good, to Steve's point, around the competitive nature and really not beyond by price, but it's the clinical benefits and the features that these products provide. And I think that that's what's been a hallmark of that team and it will continue to do so, and I think we feel very good about what they are doing as they expand their offering beyond just gantries.
Robert W. McMahon: So, Mark, to that point I mean when we look at our market shares there, we have a lot of opportunity to gain market share over time in Europe and in Asia as our menus expand.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes. So Mark on the Breast Health gantries, we were up sequentially but it's still within the range that we've had been – we've been saying between 250 and 300 (01:00:30) per quarter, and it was in that range. For the annuity on the Diagnostics Panther system that continues to increase. That's one of the things that's real strong growth driver for that business going forward. We saw a nice rebound this quarter as we expected. With the additional menu that's coming on we would expect that opportunity to continue to grow.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes. You're in the ballpark, Vijay. And what I would say is when we think about where we were from last guide, the FX is hurting us by roughly $8 million.
Robert W. McMahon: That's the Q4 number. That's correct. We had roughly about $3 million in Q3 relative to when we gave guidance and that guidance comprehended – was impacted roughly by about $8 million in Q4. And we've included that into the latest guidance.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. Again, we're probably not going to get into all the details. I think what Steve was talking about was as we look at our business, look the gross margin line is probably not going to see a whole lot of new expansion as we look at our international business growing faster. The impact of tariffs as they come to pass. That being said, we do believe that we have the levers necessary to drive operating margin improvement and we'll give more guidance on the fourth quarter call.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah, Tycho I think to Steve's point, I mean without speaking to 2019, I mean one of the things that we talked about and I think it's being shown is the improvement of our R&D pipeline. We launched several new products in the quarter, but when you think about across our product portfolio, the expansion of our R&D, our menu in the Diagnostics business really helping drive growth there, obviously, with what we've been able to do on the Breast Health business with the new gantries but also increasingly some additional products in surround and then even in the Surgical and the Medical Aesthetics area where we're doing some nice distribution deals, and then on Surgical some nice tuck ins. That is the way I would expect the cadence to continue going forward, those things continue to be a bigger and more important piece, and actually creates vibrancy in our product portfolio. And I would expect you to see that going forward.
Robert W. McMahon: I think the other thing it underscores is the strength of our leadership there. I would tell you two years ago, this was not something that would have been possible within Hologic. So our EMEA leadership team being able to really work with that in conjunction with our Diagnostics partners hereon in the U.S. I just speak to what Steve has said a long – a lot and truly believe that leadership makes a difference. And I think that is as much of a symbol as anything else.
