Steve MacMillan: Sure Isaac, I think to a large degree our team has refocused the sales team are not just giving up and just accepting the declines and I think this is one of those classic scenarios of putting some more energy behind it. I will say Eric Compton, our COO has started a “We love ThinPrep” speech within the company and things like that are getting everybody reengaged in what is still a tremendously great product. So I think we're slowing it in the U.S. and we're seeing opportunities outside the U.S. and I think we're certainly more confident that the steepest declines are behind us. We don't want to get out in front of ourselves in terms of being too far ahead on the market, but I think we're feeling certainly the most definitive that that rate of decline is halting.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. Thank you. We're actually encouraged on both fronts. Clearly a lot of momentum in the U.S. right now with the JAMA study, the incremental reimbursement and just our overall position. But I would even tell you the JAMA study I think has given new life to our teams outside the United States and it's gotten a lot of pick up on a global basis and we did see a pickup and a meaningful pickup internationally in the quarter. And I think as our new leader Claus Egstrand internationally is reengaging a lot of the folks there. I think we're actually probably more encouraged about the opportunities outside the U.S. than I would have been three or six months ago.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Combinations Tycho, first we would be remiss if we didn't remind people those certainly were the easiest comps. Having said that, I think what you see in both businesses is revitalize sales force is really stable sales force. If you go back to we've told a few people that we had tremendous turnover in that surgical sales force really in 2013 and 2014. They've been settling down in a customer facing business very important. We're getting a little bit of new news coming through on the products, but it's really I would say a very strong sales execution story and the sales force is settling down being reengaged.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Certainly we're feeling good, by the way we're not yet seeing commercial impact from the HIV in Europe. I think that give us hope for the future in terms of what will be coming. I think the interesting part on that business has probably been missed is the growing panther placements that were occurring through last year, while everybody was focused on Quest and ultimately that Quest was going to anniversary, we're now beyond the Quest contract anniversary, but we're starting to see that growing freight train of strength from the Panthers. Now that -- to continue that, A, there is certainly some mileage ahead of us here, but to the second part of your question in terms of investment, we are revamping investment to really build out a stronger pipeline over time and that will be more years out, other than the viral load stuff that we have coming in the next few years first outside the U.S. and then still a couple of years away in terms of the U.S. But we feel right now again it's an execution story as we then start to put more on and then you will see additional investment in R&D here going forward. So we're both delivering, but also investing for the future.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, for one, that's kind of a hard number to come up to actually detail out what I would say a lot of product associated with the inventory levels is associated with the Japanese Red Cross. So, rather than looking at it as to specific entities what I would say is that growth is demand driven by the Japanese Red Cross and also increase in their inventories. We expect most of the inventory increase to be behind us now and no going forward will be primarily on the back of the Japanese Red Cross.
Steve MacMillan: Doug, we're not thinking about it quite that way. I think we're looking at the opportunity certainly as a longer-term and we are making the investments we need to. I don’t think we're, frankly we don’t want to throw bad money or good money after incomplete plans. And I would say the team is still in the early stages of putting together the best plans and maybe if we were at a different stage in our managerial cycle, we had a really experienced team that's been in place for five years, you might look a little more opportunistically, but I think given right now we're really looking at it strategically.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, without directly quantifying it we've heard from a number of customers that probably said they had helped push them over the edge and I know we've got a number of hospitals now starting to actually use it and marketing it, you know marketing our product in their own efforts. So I think we're definitely feeling like it is not a catalyst. I think the simplest way to think about where we going on breast health right now is a bunch of things coming together. The JAMA study came out right, if you got back to the fall, JAMA comes out, we start marketing more, the positive reimbursement, frankly a competitor on the market were we think we've got and it is very clear we've got a superior label and we've got the clinical data and a team that feels very good and these things are really working together to generate certainly the double digit growth we had this quarter in the breast imaging and we feel very good about where that business is going.
Steve MacMillan: And David, I'll pick up on the second part. As you think about the ability to start doing what we call some M&A and I would categorize it that the first steps will probably likely be tuck-in and I think about it in terms of capability, both financial capability as well as managerial capability. And I think we're still going to be a slight, call it, I wouldn't expect anything still in the next couple of quarters, but later in the year, next year, can we start to get to that position. I think what we wanted to do is financially we're getting stronger certainly, but the primary use is still going to be to pay down debt. Meanwhile getting the management team fully in place where we're smart enough to make the right bets when we do make them. And if you think back to some of our experiences at other companies, you want to be in the role long enough that you know you're making the best judgment, not just the first thing that comes along. And I think one of the real positives that's coming out of our improved performance is a company is suddenly just the amount of ideas coming to us in what I'd say the last 30, 60 days relative to ideas that came to us previously we now becoming much more viable partner for smaller companies that maybe looking to commercialize based on the success and frankly the quality of the team that we have over here now. So, I think yeah, we're starting to screen a lot more, but we'll probably still be a little ways away.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, clearly all of our focus is on internal, let me take it in buckets. We started to see some upturn better performance certainly in our fourth fiscal quarter and that continued into this quarter. Now some of it is the Japan Red Cross. So I want to make sure we don't take full credit for what's happening there, but we are seeing the new leader Claus Egstrand has really taken a much more focused approach to the business paring back instead what we call the peanut butter analogy of going after all the countries. He's really focusing in the key franchises in the countries and reengaging our dealer network on the breast health side and has brought in some very good executives from the diagnostics world to really focus on diagnostics. He also has identified properly big opportunity for us and really getting the teams working and reengaged opportunity for us and really getting the teams working and reengage and it's really a lot of blocking and tackling, but given the enormous underdevelopment, shall we say in terms of where we are, his whole team has been we have the products and we just need to execute better, whereas I would say when I first arrived there was a lot of whining that we didn’t have the right products. And you know we needed for example low-cost tomo and as Bob articulated earlier, one of the things Claus figured out is we don’t necessarily need low cost tomo, we can still sell 2D in a lot of markets that still haven't moved from film. So, it's looking market by market at the opportunities. There is nothing sexy about it, but it's good hard work blocking and tackling, re-engaging. In terms of the second part of your question around deploying M&A, we will be looking, but it's not at all the primary driver. We think we've got so much runway with the products that we have, that probably not likely to be a huge near-term focus for us.
Steve MacMillan: I want to be very careful around how I say this, because you know me to be conservative. But I think the approval has probably been a much bigger net positive to us given the label that they got approved and the product they got approved considering they came three years late.
Steve MacMillan: We are very little into Asia. Our understanding is province by province and I think they are in very, very early stages. And it is definitely not going to be a national, it is not like the Japan Red Cross, you push a button and go.
Steve MacMillan: Yeah at this point we have publicly talked about viral load. We've got that coming first in Europe. Call it really next year for intents and purposes and then a year behind that to the U.S. and then the additional menu we've really been revamping and not prepared to talk about that at this point.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, the HIV, we do not have plans to commercialize that on Tigris at this point. Panther is really the way of the future and that's where we're focused. We're not getting into specific pricing discussions on that.
Steve MacMillan: Sure Anthony. I think we continue to describe the 3D tomo adoption as a freight train more than a rocketship. I think that momentum building and you probably would expect to see an acceleration of the adoption from the last few years and that really should carry us here for at least a number of years based on where we stand right now in terms of a total of call it 12,000 or 13,000 installed opportunities in the United States and still where we are less than 15% of the market, so big opportunity here over the coming years. Now again, it's not all going to come in one year or two because of when people have installed and capital cycles and everything else. And, you know, frankly that gives us more confidence about the longer-term sustainability of our growth trajectory, but meanwhile we are certainly approaching it with a great sense of urgency.
Steve MacMillan: We think it's probably contributing Mike. You know that we'll credit the external environment for some of our growth as opposed to taking full credit for it. So certainly I think it has been modestly helpful to us and I also just think that in general the way that the clinical data the additional, I think what has really happened in the last three months probably more than anything is hospitals are recognizing 3D truly is the future. And that's probably driving it more than even the capital cycle, but the capital is certainly helping us a bit.
Steve MacMillan: I call it a qualified balance approach. The interesting part is we do still have so much opportunity as you point out in the developed markets. We have gaping opportunities still in Europe, in Japan and China depending on which market you put that in. But we also are seeing some opportunities in Latin America and certainly some of the other Asian countries. So I think on an absolute dollar basis, we'll probably see a little bit more out of the developed markets, but certainly growth out of both and I think we're earlier stages in the emerging markets and we're still early stages on some of these pieces all over, but it should be coming over time here. I guess one of the benefits to kind of the strategy that we have and given the fact that we are so underdeveloped outside the U.S. in some of the developed markets as well is just that the margin pressure that you see in the emerging markets and that growth isn't near the same as in the developed markets. And so when we think about the difference in the U.S. and no OUS markets we still have some pressure there in terms of market, but not the effect that some companies that are going strictly after growth in emerging markets only. And so that's helping us in terms of the amount of investment and operating income growth as well.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, I think at a high level if you look at our guidance for the year now it is, call it mid single digit growth 4.5% to 5.5%. We think in this environment this year that will be pretty good performance. We obviously got a huge head start. We do start in the second half of the year starting to go up against a little bit better performance and that's why we keep, we want to point out that this first quarter was clearly against a very soft comp. But we don’t want to be signaling a huge deceleration. What we're really saying is we feel good about the business, but it is not growing at the rate yet that we just posted this quarter.
Steve MacMillan: Yes, Vijay just a little additional color. Recall we had a lot of activism in the stock and proxy, thoughts in everything else going on in the year ago quarter.
Steve MacMillan: Sure Brian. We obviously never want to comment on specific contracts or contractual timing for any single customer, especially by the way when that contract is between Grifols and as specifically we talk about the American Red Cross. We will tell you we had a long-term multifaceted collaboration with the American Red Cross and it does have many years left to run. So we feel very good about that. In terms of the first part of your question. The other tenders around the world, they come up all the time but nothing of this significance certainly of the JRC of the American Red Cross. So they are certainly the two biggies.
Steve MacMillan: Yes certainly we would say HOV has been a big strength of ours also Trich. So we're seeing it across the Board. Effectively our portfolio there of women's health products, but HPV has been a tremendous driver for us.
Steve MacMillan: And Jayson the one other piece we were slightly stronger as we pointed out just from some of the inventory stuff. So if that was normalized, I think what we were really seeing is an underlying trend of continuing to grow sequentially.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. I think the -- I think we feel better from the field and I will tell you that we probably -- my own read was we took a slight step back when our friends got approved and then we showed up at RSNA and then we started to realize the full labeling in the offering and the team is I think feeling better than ever about what we can do in this marketplace with the product we have. So right now I think we're feeling far better, backlog we don't report on it quarterly, but continuing to be very good.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. I think we articulated it that on an annualized basis, the first year it was $20-ish million. So call it $20 million to $25 million. It was going to give us about a one percentage point boost for the total corporation for the year and then it anniversaries. And I think just the way we think about that, it's a little bit like the Quest deal and the molecular business in the U.S. where you can get a little bit of a boost, but then it's our jeep spilling that that and growing in the after math of that with anniversaries. So we're busy working with our partners Grifols right now to think about what's next.
Bob McMahon: Yes, hey. Isaac, this is Bob, just to add on to that. I think one of the things that I think really encourages us about the O.U.S. is not only just tomosynthesis, but also our 2D opportunity and that's one thing where I think there is a whole untapped opportunity of actually converting analogue 2D and that ultimately form 2D to 3D. There are many more analogue systems outside the U.S. and rather than trying to convince them to convert right to 3D, we're also looking at taking our leading technologies in 2D and converting their as well.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I think just to build on that, we did launch the 6 millimeter that had an immaterial impact in the first quarter. we feel really good about that business going forward on the NovaSure but to build on Steve's point it was really about execution. In the Skeletal business, it is being driven by the horizon, which is a relatively new product.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I think just the other -- just for modeling purposes, $0.03 is too high on the interest rate. We actually prepaid that at the end of the quarter. So think about that more appropriately a little over -- or a little less than $0.02. So not the full $0.03 that you're talking about because we have three quarters of the year benefit there.
Bob McMahon: Yeah sure, so thanks David and obviously we just prepaid the $300 million on our term loan B. That was the most expeditious way to do it without any prepayments of penalties and so forth. So, we're looking at it across the spectrum overtime are looking at start picking off the various segments or sub-segments of our debt. What I would say is, we're looking at as you know, we have a fairly complex capital structure, debt structure with some converts and so forth some of those are in the money. Those are certainly some candidates that we would be looking to, to evaluate early extinguishment as well our or extinguishment when call date comes as well as some of the other activities around our 6.25 interest rate debt. So I would say we're going to be opportunistic, but do it in an economically NPV positive way.
Bob McMahon: Yeah, well, it is a combination of all, a little combination of all those factors David. So you know, obviously we were pleasantly surprised by the strength of the business in the first quarter that drove some of the margin expansion. We also had year-on-year improvement in our G&A areas associated with those onetime advisory costs that didn’t materialize in this quarter. And then I think as we think about it going forward, there's two components, one is we are looking at opportunities for, to a certain extent some reinvestment work which is prudent and makes sense, but then also we're facing increasing headwinds around FX which will put pressure on our margins to a certain extent primarily around our gross margin and the predominance of our manufacturing is in the U.S. And so we're in total about0.05 is what we're estimating for the full year and incremental to since the last time we gave guidance. Only about a penny of that hit in the first quarter. So we still had about $0.04 of that incremental headwind to go.
Bob McMahon: Yes, I'll start at maybe the highest level and give you maybe some examples. So if we think about our gross margin, as I think about that going forward, what I think is we're going to generate operational efficiencies, but that's going to offset continued pressure and price some of the growth outside the U.S. And so you should think about that more as flattish. An example that some of those operational efficiencies would be things like sourcing or procurement. So one of the area that we've identified now bringing on our supply chain head is looking at across our entire network and footprint, how do we leverage the spend that we have more efficiently and so that would be a way of looking at our quite honestly the largest P&L line item that we have and driving a lot more savings out of the materials that go into our products. That's the way that we will be able to drive some efficiencies. In addition as we drive revenue, that's going to help with efficiencies in our existing footprint through just more throughput into the manufacturing facilities. So those are two big components of how we will continue to drive affiance there. I would expect it to have some modest operational leverage in the OpEx side. I would expect us to have R&D investments continuing to grow albeit not at a rate necessarily accelerate faster than sales, but certainly at the level of sales. Same with sales and marketing and then what I would look at is the G&A area is funding that growth and over time you would see some modest leverage in the operating. Where we will get the most leverage from a net income standpoint is through two elements. One is by paying down debt, re-interest rate, our interest expense will do down and certainly we believe that we have opportunities and our tax albeit longer term to drive that down and drive operating -- net income growth.
Bob McMahon: Yes, we believe that HPV we're gaining share significant gain share at the expense of them. So we feel good about all of our assays. All of our assays grew in the quarter.
Bob McMahon: Well that actually is the biggest issue. I think what we feel good about is especially as you pointed out that fourth quarter to first quarter we think we're getting a much more established cadence here and I think frankly if it wasn’t for FX, keep in mind it's moved fairly significantly here quarter -- last year to now and even last quarter to this quarter, we would probably be on the border of sequential growth continuing.
Bob McMahon: Okay. Just to give you a flavor we're expecting FX to double -- the impact to double in the second quarter versus the first quarter. You saw the dramatic strengthening of the dollar really in January of this year and so that's by far in a way the largest piece of that and we expect that to continue throughout the year.
Bob McMahon: Certainly the Japan Red Cross piece is helping us a lot there, that's our goal, we're not quite ready to declare the work at that level.
