Mike Watts: Thank you, Eduardo. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us for Hologic's third quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. With me today are Steve MacMillan, the company's President Chairman and CEO; and Karleen Oberton, our Chief Financial Officer. Steve and Karleen both have some prepared remarks, then we'll have a question-and-answer session. Our third quarter press release is available now on the Investors section of our website. We also will post our prepared remarks to our website shortly after we deliver them. Finally, a replay of this call will be archived through October -- through August, excuse me, 23rd. Before we begin, I'd like to inform you that certain statements we make during this call will be forward-looking. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such factors include those referenced in the Safe Harbor statement that's included in our earnings release and in our filings with the SEC. Also during this call we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Finally, any percentage changes we discuss will be on a year-over-year basis and revenue growth rates will be expressed in constant currency unless otherwise noted. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Steve MacMillan, Hologic's CEO.
Mike Watts: Yes. It's Mike, Anthony. I think despite those very high shares in most of the key categories, I think what the team has done a really good job of doing is working with our customers to drive underlying demand and drive testing to guidelines and those kind of things. So that's helped us grow the business even though the shares are already pretty high.
Mike Watts: And as a reminder we've introduced some new products there as well between our new fluid management system which is called Fluent and the new Omni Hysteroscope. And those are clearly -- those are related to MyoSure and are clearly helping drive growth as well.
Mike Watts: Dan, it's Mike. Yes, we try to update that number formerly at the end of our fiscal year. So probably we won't give you a specific number. But I mean your intuition is right. I mean that's generally been growing kind of in the high single-digit range year-over-year that being Panther utilization per box. So there's some good progress there.
Mike Watts: I think Ivy, just to remind you, I think what we said in our original press release there that -- was the expectation would be I think less than 1% dilutive for next year or so. We think that's very manageable in the context of the overall P&L.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Vijay. I think the capital – certainly capital spending looks pretty good in hospitals right now. We continue to feel good about that. I do think that 3D, it's hard to put an exact number on what the breast density legislation is, but we are certainly able to have conversations that nobody else can, with the customers as they're gearing up to make purchases. And just as a reminder for people, we are the only 3D that has an FDA indication approved for dense breasts. And as there's more and more legislation driving towards disclosing dense breasts – breast density, it clearly plays to our advantage. So I think we feel like we've been certainly winning and we're on the leading edge of the technology there. So it's just a good place to be and our team is continuing to get better and better, at really selling the overall value proposition that comes with the best product in the market. To your second piece on the order trends, we don't get too far ahead, but I would say orders continue to look good for us.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Vijay. I think we feel really good. When you consider – Pete Valenti we are with him. Obviously, he's been running our Breast Health business for five years right now. He's reminding us that the first strategic plan inherited it showed the traditional old days of growth curve and it would have been a decelerating, or really a declining business in 2018, 2019. I want to get – we want to be careful not to get too far ahead of ourselves on exactly where we are. We want to just keep putting numbers on the board. I think candidly, we were trying to chase some numbers a few years ago, and I think we got a little ahead of ourselves trying to proclaim where we are. I think at the end of the day, let the numbers keep speaking for themselves, and getting back to strong execution in our markets, and I think we'll show where we fit there. So thank you.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. It's bits of both. What – primarily, it's just continuing to expand our growing women's health assays. As we mentioned, we got 11 straight quarters of FDA clearances in the United States. And I'd say truthfully, it's probably a little bit more of still getting more women's health stuff as the women's health line is expanded and to some degree certainly the virology kicking-in. But yeah, I think the way to think about our Panthers and the assays it's sort of this wonderful gift that keeps giving every quarter. We keep placing more Panthers in the labs. And every quarter each Panther that we have is generally doing more revenue. So we have sort of a force multiplier here of more of an installed base and then more menu coming through. And it's a combination of more of the women's health plus some virals, and just really continuing to build. And that's what's driving – you got nine – almost 9.5% growth in the United States, where its strong market shares already.
Steve MacMillan: Sure Anthony. Until we close that deal, we're going to avoid getting too far into the details. But we think, generally they did about in the high $20-ish million in revenue in 2018 and it's growing at what looks to be a low double-digit rate. So as we consolidate that and ultimately once we close on the deal, we'll give a little more information. But I think as we're thinking about at the highest level, it'll drop in $30-ish plus million of revenue at some point. We don't have it -- we won't have it probably fully closed until our first quarter as we talked about, but feel really good about its underlying growth rate and frankly the technology itself. And as a big reminder most of their revenue right now is outside the United States. So it brings us nice revenue there and our U.S. sales force is chomping a bit to get their hands on it. So we think it'll be a clear double-digit grower of an exciting new product for us.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think the way we think about share is our international molecular business grew 22%. Our U.S. business grew over 9%. I think we'll stack that up with pretty much anybody. And ergo I think we're probably growing faster than the market without knowing specific shares.
Steve MacMillan: Sure Tycho. I think MyoSure continued to be really strong and I think we stopped giving the Invader piece. I think the way I think about it is MyoSure was still a clearly double-digit grower, feeling great about it. NovaSure is still declining in that probably high singles level. We'd like to be a little bit better. But overall love the trajectory of the business.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Our focus is clearly going to be just in the mammography space. So if there's opportunities beyond that we could always partner that or whatever with the technology, but our clear focus will be in the breast area. And I think it's compatible with Viera. So we'll now have both a portable as well as a cart-based option. And frankly, I think to a large degree the cart-based option is going to be the bigger drivers of revenue here. So I think we've been learning more and more about the space and excited to have the chance to really get a cart-based offering that we haven't had. Thanks Tycho.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think we continue to think about it as a high singles probably lower end of high singles and plan for that and try to deliver a little bit better certainly helps. But we wouldn't be ready to call it a long-term double-digit growth, especially with the competitive environment and everything else. But we feel like we're doing very well there.
Steve MacMillan: When we bring it into us, we reported net income, not EBITDA. So on a -- while they may be breakeven on the EBITDA basis, they're losing money on an operating basis. So that's the difference there. And obviously in our hands...
Steve MacMillan: Yes. And we'll probably in a position when we give guidance for next year to be able to incorporate that in on the next call.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. And I would just add kind of beyond the gantry activity in the capital environment, I think our teams are continuing to come up building that capability and selling the portfolio of products as well as continuing growth in our service revenue.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. And I would just add to what Steve said the elements that he talked about the ability to add menu on the Panther, it's also the value proposition for our customers that as we expand our menu, they get more leverage out of the Panther. And I think that's – a lot of what we're seeing is the value that customers see in the Panther.
Karleen Oberton: Yeah. And so I might just look at it a little different way. If you looked at our second half of the year guidance from our last guide, we're at the midpoint to where we are now. It has increased overall for the second half of the year, while absorbing the incremental FX. So, again, I think the original guidance at Q3 that we gave in prior quarter would have indicated extremely high fourth quarter. We're pleased with how Q3 went and pleased that overall we've raised the second half of the year revenue guide.
Karleen Oberton: Jack, it's Karleen. So I think from Focal and Faxitron I think we indicated they contributed just over $13 million of revenue in the quarter. When you think about international LatAm is clearly the smallest piece of the Breast Health business but it was down almost 50%. And while we've guided – well, our guidance assumes a little bit of improvement in Q4 for that business. That will be down as well year-over-year. And I think just in general international Breast Health, we did see some movement of orders from Q3 to Q4 as well as, again, in the prior year period we'd had some large tenders that obviously didn't repeat this year.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So, I think we -- I think the expectation on service growth is in line with what we see. I think one of the nuances here is as we place new gantries, we have the cycle with customers will go under warranties for a year period and we have a lapse in the service contract revenue until they re-up. So that low single-digit growth is kind of what we expect.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would say beyond the foreign currency and the tariffs, the other was mix and specifically in Cynosure. So if you think about Q3 last year was what I'd call the height of the women's health product from a comp perspective which those products had a higher gross margin portfolio profile than the rest of the Cynosure business. So I would say that was the second biggest driver and then obviously we mentioned some higher service costs.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So, I think from our original guide and what we had talked about for margins, I think that one of the biggest drivers is the increasing strengthening U.S. dollar which has impacted the gross margin line I think coupled with what I've mentioned last quarter. So last quarter we had talked about a number of onetime items, but what is continuing here as well is some higher service costs that we do have teams focused on to improve. But I think what's also equally important is that when you look at our operating income margin and net margin have both improved despite the headwinds we're facing with gross margin which leads to our ability to have strong discipline in our operating expense to still drive results.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I don't think we've changed strategically kind of investments or kind of spend habits that they had. It's just as Steve pointed out a different profitability metric.
Karleen Oberton: I was just going to say that, I think as we looked -- we're happy with the stabilization. Really pleased that we're able to launch the new products, although, I don't think they're going to be big meaningful drivers of growth that currently create some excitement with the sales force. I think as we exit the year, we expect the division to return to growth, but albeit on a much weaker comp. So feel good about where we're at right now.
Karleen Oberton: And I would just add from a runaway perspective, I think, we've talked about the overall market penetration from 2D to 3D, as well as our own installed base would give us roughly 3,000 to 6,000 more gantries to convert to 3D and I'd say steady cadence of gantry placements since 2015 about 1,000 per year that gives us nice runway.
A – Steve MacMillan: Sure, Mason. Yes. I think we continue to feel good about the direction and the results that we're generating. We've looked at the clinical package for Cerene. As you may know, there's a lot of questions around that company and business and a lot of stuff going on over there. So we just keep focusing on our customers on our innovation and feel good about where we're going.
A – Steve MacMillan: Yes. We're not going to get into -- the level of impact is fairly small in the grand scheme. But I think, as we've said, we probably really won't be back in the full supply until later on into 2021 -- or fiscal 2020 rather, end of our next fiscal year.
A – Steve MacMillan: At the end of the day, we're not providing the breakouts per se, given the size of the business. But, overall, I'll tell you, skin was up nicely. Women's health was down significantly over last year, because that was little like 12 months ago, almost to the day when the FDA letter came out. So we were doing very well with the women's health line last year at this time and the body segment is down a bit.
A – Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think, it's coming from two things. We feel really good, particularly about the Brooke Shields campaign that we have on SculpSure. There's been a lot of positives on that. And the sales force has really hit a good spot now, where we've got a combination of some great seasoned veterans and frankly most of the leadership of the sales organization, are the long-term veterans of the company the Cynosure, pre before we acquired it supplemented out with a lot of great teams on the ground. So it's a combination really of the marketing and the teams in place and then really focused on bringing a pipeline of new products that'll start to kick in over next year.
A – Steve MacMillan: Sure. I think, overall, really the 3Dimensions and 3D performance have by far become the bulk of the sale now. So the old days of dimensions 3,000 6,000 9,000, largely given way to the 3D Performance and the 3Dimensions still under the Genius banner. But I think the new products, both high end and a slightly more performance is slightly defeatured on the 3DPerformance, both providing us really good opportunities to both go high end and also the lower end with our customers.
A – Steve MacMillan: Sure Dan. I think we're -- while not a stated policy, we're generally thinking, okay, we're generating $600 million to $700 million of free cash a year. Probably not thinking about spending more than that in any given year on acquisition. I think it's kind of a good disciplinary. So that's not a formal policy never to be deviated from, but I think it should frame in kind of the thinking. And I think we're certainly hunting much more in a 100, a couple of hundred million kind of range versus anything that starts with a B. So thank you.
