Mike Watts: Thank you, Cody. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us for Hologic’s third quarter fiscal 2020 earnings call. With me today are Steve MacMillan, the Company’s Chairman, President and CEO, and Karleen Oberton, our Chief Financial Officer. Steve and Karleen both have some prepared remarks, then we’ll have a question-and-answer session. Our third quarter press release is available now on the Investors section of our website. We also will post our prepared remarks to our website shortly after we deliver them. Finally, a replay of this call will be archived through August 21st. Before we begin, I’d like to inform you that certain statements we make during this call will be forward-looking. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such factors include those referenced in the Safe Harbor statement included in our earnings release, and in our filings with the SEC. Also during this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. One of these non-GAAP measures is organic revenue. As a reminder, we are defining organic revenue as constant currency revenue less the divested Blood Screening and Cynosure businesses, as well as the acquired SuperSonic Imagine business. Finally, any percentage changes we discuss will be on a year-over-year basis, and revenue growth rates will be expressed in constant currency, unless otherwise noted. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Steve MacMillan, Hologic’s CEO.
Mike Watts: Hey, Brian, it’s Mike. I’m going to take that one without the Springsteen reference, I think, sorry. So, just as -- a couple of things. One, just as a reminder, we have the ability to do multiple flu plus COVID on our fusion instrument today, as you know. So, that’ll be an important part of the armamentarium. And we are developing a second test; it’ll run on the Panther side that will combine flu with COVID. I’m not going to speculate on when that’s going to be available. Obviously that’s impossible to predict. But certainly, the goal is to have it available for the fall flu season.
Mike Watts: Operator, I think we can squeeze in -- we can squeeze in two more questions. Maybe we’ll just limit these last two to one question each, please.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. And again, Patrick, as you well know, hard to put long range forecasting, but here’s the way we think about it. And it was really around the decision we made in March to double our capacity by the fall which when people first looked at it, it was not. Now, here’s the simple reality. We’re going to be going into a cold and flu season. I think every single person that sneezes or coughs from September through the next season is going to end up getting tested for COVID. And it’s not just U.S., it’s globally. And even all the talk of the vaccines, let’s say a vaccine comes, there’s still so many unknowns. There’s also the fundamental reality that it’s going to take months to get everybody vaccinated. Even after that people are going to be still getting this thing. And particularly on a global basis, we’re not going to vaccinate the world. And there’s only so long we can shut the world down and have people stay at home and not traveling and everything else. So, I think we really see this. Again, can’t exactly quantify the magnitude. But you know what, I mean, look at all the universities, right, everybody needs to get back to work. Testing is the key area to help get people comfortable. So, I think, we see this at least going well through the next season. And beyond that, this thing is so voracious that we really believe there’s going to probably at a bare minimum be an ongoing trail of testing just for prevalence or something else and population screening for at least another year or two. I mean, I think even Pfizer announced as it relates to a vaccine, they see a vaccine market continuing for years. So, we really see there a lot more durability there. Having said that, if it’s not, we got our base businesses as well. But, fundamentally, we think this thing is going to be far more persistent than I think where a lot of people necessarily thought at the beginning.
Steve MacMillan: Sure, Chris. The constraints themselves go really through the supply chain. A lot of it’s even things that get used on Panther itself. So, our ability to produce the test kits and everything else is good, but they’re -- you’ve seen some acknowledgment out there about pipette tip shortages and other things like that. Things that we don’t control that we don’t even supply to the vendors, they buy them directly. So, we’re even working with manufacturers of some of the ancillary ingredients. And it’s probably a little too early to sell. We think there’s clearly a little bit of upside beyond the high end of our guidance, if we can crack these things. But, feel really good about the guidance we have.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Chris, they will be a little bit lower. To your point, we said about 50 of those that we shipped were refurbished ones. So, they’re all gone. We’ve literally taken every one out of our buildings that we didn’t have. We’d also had a little bit of inventory coming into the quarter. So, we’ve shipped -- as you can imagine, we shipped every last one. As I joked every time, there was a White House press conference and various customers or whatever were down there promising more volume, they came back in the next day, it’s 1-800 Hologic, what else can you do for us? So, we drained everything that we had in inventory. We’re building now certainly at about a double the rate, but it will be a bit of a sequential decline. But we got -- we made so much progress this quarter that that already sets us up well.
Steve MacMillan: Sure. Tycho, as you well know, as a leader in this space, we’re so close to the FDA, to our customers and trying to help come up with solutions. I think, as it relates to pooling, we are working closely with FDA and with our customers to look at some claims and think that we’ll be certainly a player in that space. And it may help increase the overall capacity, particularly in an environment right now where there frankly a lot more people that would still like to be tested. We think that may help. More on a testing where it’s less diagnostic and more screening, I think there’s going to be a ton of that come the fall with universities and everybody else trying to get back. So, we think there will become a place for pooling and it’s something we’re very familiar with really going back to our blood screening days. So, as it relates to a combo again, you can imagine, given our presence in this space, we’re looking at combo products for the fall as well. We continue to hear from customers government -- COVID is going to be the primary need. I hate to say it, but we think this year that frankly when somebody gets flu, they’re going to be relieved versus COVID is still going to be a bigger concern. But, we’ll be there in all fronts.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think, part of what we’re not totally sure about yet, we’ve seen a significant strengthening, certainly June, Julyish of both our surgical and women’s health businesses and diagnostics. We think a chunk of that was catch up, people that delayed and kind of got rescheduled. So we’re not yet sure exactly what the trajectory will be, particularly as you have any additional hotspots and this and that. But, I think overall, we feel pretty good about the progress there. And really, our Breast Health business, the diversification that we have in that business, so much more disposable and recurring service revenue and everything else. That is probably still going to be the slower climb out. But, we’re seeing some real positive signs in that business as well. But, having said that, we’re obviously forecasting, as Karleen said, still to be down somewhat in the current quarter and continuing probably to strengthen here over time.
Steve MacMillan: I think a couple of things. We’re very confident and that many of them are contractually there, both U.S. and internationally. Internationally, we really link it very clearly into -- hate to say it, but we’re providing you COVID tests, and there’s a clear linkage to as the COVID volume goes away, we will fill the Panthers with our women’s health assays. So, there’s a lot of new customers that are going to be coming on board. The other fundamental reality that we see everywhere, and it’s why as you see Hologic, we haven’t been showing up at the press conferences, but we’re clearly showing up in the marketplace. Everybody loves Panther. And the more that people use Panther, the more they want to use it. And by definition, the lab techs are constantly out screaming -- we’ve got a number of governors call Kevin Thornal and say, you know what, I was just touring a couple of the labs in our state, all I keep hearing about is how great your Panther is. And so, that even experience there, I think we’re seeing more and more people just getting experienced on it, and they love it.
Steve MacMillan: There’s one that we had referenced, which is a company called LetsGetChecked, and they’re doing a lot of direct to patient where they use our sample, they send it out, people send it back in and they’re running it on our Panther. And while it certainly -- they were actually a nascent customer in with our base products, then as COVID came in, it’s a real opportunity. We’ve known several people, just locally have even used them. So, I think, those are examples of one that we’ll be breaking out.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. We do -- we’ve only committed to what we know we can make. So, that 500 million number that we referenced over the next four quarters internationally is included in our production plans. If we can expand beyond that, we know there continues to be more business, both domestically and abroad. What’s great is this is where, frankly, having our manufacturing facility in Manchester, UK, also, because that’s our diagnostics facility for Europe. Again, just not -- it’s not just San Diego but it’s them cranking full out now and we really got them up and running in late June on the COVID test.
Steve MacMillan: It’s part of the magic, by the way, as you know, with the random access Panther. It’s so easy to be able to run the women’s health test, the COVID test simultaneously, not having to bash, not having to do all the other stuff that can slow stuff down. So, we really are seeing our key customers using it for both. And obviously, we are not going to short change our core business that we’ve built this Company on, which is women’s health. So, all of the numbers we’re providing are continuing to do well within our women’s health business, plus adding on that additional COVID volume. But, I think we see the customers being able to use both and it’s part of the -- again it’s part of the big magic in our system, as you well know.
Steve MacMillan: Jack, great question. I would think you’ll see us continuing or probably accelerating a little bit of our bolt-on strategy, probably with both, surgical as well as diagnostics, some things that we’re looking and teeing up. And we think this is going to put us in a good position to acquire. Having said that, we also think there’s -- there are clearly some lofty valuations that have been created within some of the space of diagnostics right now. So, we’re also willing to be patient and certainly don’t need to do anything, but I think it does give us more flexibility. And frankly, having Kevin Thornal out here running this business, as many of you know, Kevin work for several years in business development in his Stryker days, having him now running this diagnostics business and doing an amazing job of that. He also brings a deeper business development bolt-on mindset. And I can tell you, there’s a lot more activity going on in the division with his leadership here.
Steve MacMillan: Certainly, starting on the 500 million, which is an international number, that’s called Asia Pac as well as Europe, it’s primarily Europe, but just let me set the record straight there. I think, a good way to think about that is fairly level loaded over the next four quarters is kind of the way that the contracts are laying out. As it relates to back to school, we’re clearly -- we’ve been building and trying to ramp to get more and more production for this September-October period. So, I think that we’re clearly seeing and expecting continued growth in this September timeframe. And that’s what’s baked into our guidance.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. Well, obviously, we’ve effectively given you a number in terms of, if you take that 500 million outside and divide it by 4 over the next four quarters, hopefully, it keeps you in the range of what the international component will be. Obviously, there’ll still be more of it going to the U.S. as well. So, it’s hard to exactly know where this market’s going. But, I think when we were -- I remember being part of an AdvaMed call in -- geez, it was late April, early May, and they were saying that the country has the capacity to maybe do 400,000 tests a day maximum. We’re now in that -- I love your report every day, 750,000 to 800,000 and we’ve hit 900,000 a day. I’d be surprised probably, if we’re not at 1 million a day in that September timeframe. But again, we’re -- obviously we’ve gone -- the way I think about it as we went 5 million in April, 10 million in May, 15 in June. July is going to be over 20 million. It probably puts us on that pace to a 30ish million number of tests in the United States in that September timeframe, and I think, being very persistent as it goes through the whole cold and flu season.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. I think, think about it, particularly for the first half of ‘21, while the vaccine is rolling out, there’s still going to be a bunch of people getting sick. And in the United States, by the way, you got what 350ish million people. And the big part that I keep coming back to because of all of our discussions and as a global enterprise, I think there has been so much focus on COVID in the U.S. We’re not going to eradicate -- we’re not going to vaccinate 7 billion people in the world. And given how persistent this is, just Vietnam, if you heard today, right, Vietnam had gone I think 90 days without any cases, and suddenly three popped up in Vietnam. So, I think there is going to be -- this is going to be circulating around the world. And again, exactly what that means -- none of us have the crystal ball. The CDC doesn’t have it, the WHO doesn’t have it. God forbid, I certainly and our team don’t have it. But, I think just trying to use some common sense, thinking about the real realities, by the way, I mean if I’m honest with you, who’s going to likely get vaccinated first in the United States is probably going to be people who have a little more money, who are in the suburbs, and are we going to be getting the migrant worker population and a lot of the other folks that we really need to get where the persistence is bigger? Not sure we’re going to get all of those people right away. So, I think there’s going to be all kinds of reasons why this thing’s still going to be out there. The other reality is, even though with the next five, six months before a vaccine comes, I think we’re going to start to get better at realizing. And it’d be helpful if some of the public officials would say, what we have to do is realize we’ve got to live with this and learn how to cope and learn how to manage. And diagnostics is such a great tool to help people better understand where is it breaking out, what should we not do? And I think we’re getting smarter and smarter, so that we don’t go into complete lockdowns again and everything else. So, I think there is going to be all kinds of ways. If you’re a university president right now, so many folks that need information that we’re going to be helpful too to provide.
Steve MacMillan: That was good job, getting about 14 questions in there, Ivy. So, very impressive. Let me try to get as much of those answers as I can. First off, to clarify, the 40 million that we’re building for production capacity is our total molecular volumes, of which clearly well more than half of that will be going pretty much towards our base business. So, I just want to make sure we didn’t confuse and suggest that was a COVID production volume. In terms of market share, we’re really not that focused on market share right now because I don’t think any of us can provide. The real battle -- while we normally battle our competitors, the battle here is all of us battling this pandemic and battling coronavirus. So, I think there’s going to be plenty of business for us going here. I think, as it relates to point-of-care, the point-of-care certainly has a role. But at the end of the day, super high volume, it’s hard to test 1,000 people using point-of-care just from a manual -- the time that it takes. While it’s quick to get one test back for one person, or you get four people tested, it’s hard to do hundreds of people in a point-of-care world. And when you’re as a country right now conducting the level of tests, 700,000, 800,000, 900,000 tests a day, you’ve got to have high throughput, high volume systems to do that. So, I think, we’re in one of those unique situations where point-of-care is probably going to continue to grow and we’re going to continue to grow.
Steve MacMillan: Yes. Rich, we’re not going to get into how the last two weeks were relative to other two weeks and this and that. I think it’s baked into our guidance. We see our surgical business being down roughly 20ish percent this quarter. That’s a dramatic improvement from the down 50% plus last quarter. I think, we like seeing a comeback. And then, we have some really good days and then you have Texas or Florida goes into a slight little lockdown again or whatever, and you see a little bit of things back. So, we don’t have perfect visibility to the trend going forward, but we feel really good about the trajectory. We do -- to the second part of your question on new visits versus backlog, we’re trying to track that and we’ve got combinations of both a little more new. We don’t have exact numbers. But clearly, MyoSure with its -- people have fibroid cases. That’s going to be -- that’s a lot of new and existing. And NovaSure, there was a little more catch-up initially. But, I think we’re starting to see new patients coming back in as well.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So, this is Karleen. So, a couple of things. So, yes, certainly, we are investing in capacity but also in our R&D, for sure, to accelerate future products. And on your point on ASPs outside of the U.S., yes, those will be a little lower than what we’ve seen at this point in the U.S.
Karleen Oberton: Yes. And I would just add that if we think about increasing capacity, we’re seeing our base business and diagnostics come back as well. So, it’s going to be a challenge balancing on the two products.
Karleen Oberton: And Jack, I would just add that, I think we had talked about prior to COVID that on average, a Panther was only 35% utilized. So, there was capacity already within that installed base to add additional testing.
