Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, thanks, Vijay. We are very encouraged. Obviously, as you pointed out, I think, especially that 3D growth driver here now, our degree of confidence is higher than it's been in terms of really looking good for probably the next few years. We've got a superior product in that driving it. I think we are very encouraged, however, on some of the other piece of the business, you look, we said at the start, a little over a year ago, we wanted to stop the declines or slow the declines of the big franchises that were going down, which were especially ThinPrep and NovaSure. I feel very good that our sales focus in the United States, and then starting to look at opportunities outside the U.S. which will ultimately play out more over time, are seeing a visible change in the trajectory of ThinPrep. NovaSure as well, that one bouncing back to positive this quarter, feeling very good. I think what we're seeing is the sales team is really energized, reengaged. And we have leading products in markets that have probably a little bit more potential, still have some headwinds, but I think feeling better about all of the businesses. And the piece I throw in on HPV and really it's probably a broader comment on our molecular business is, I think, everybody was concerned, probably myself included, that once that Quest deal had rolled off and anniversary-ed, that molecular was going to be in for a rougher time period. I think what we've really seen is the incredible success of especially our U.S. molecular sales force that, while we were reaping the benefits of the Quest deal in '14, they were placing a lot of Panther's systems in the mid-sized labs and other labs, and that started to come through now for us, and I think really providing a little bit more of a positive growth engine for us. So I think we're feeling, especially short, medium term, feeling pretty good about the trajectory. Are we going to continue double-digit growth in Surgical? I don't think any of us could count on that, but mid-single-digit growth, I think we're feeling really good about.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Isaac. Basically, we were down very low single digits in the U.S. So a much better trajectory than it was a year ago and very modest growth o-U.S. Yes, still the bulk of that business is still U.S. As we start to build that internationally over time we would hope that, that number will get a little bit better.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, it's a great question, Isaac. Because I would tell you we probably have more -- I'm not going to say rebuilding but actual building to do outside the U.S., particularly as you look at areas like molecular diagnostics and even our ThinPrep business in some of the growth markets that we've identified as well as our Surgical business. So there's a little more building, and I would say really as we're thinking about the business right now, is probably recognizing in the shorter term, we're probably going to get more growth out of the U.S. than we imagined. While the international piece is still going to be, as you talked 12, 18 months, this is still going to be a building process. We're making the investments. Claus Egstrand, our Head of International, has been revamping the team. We still have some muscle building to do on the international front, and I think we'll be continuing to do that over the next year to really set ourselves up for growth. We'll be growing in the meantime, but I think getting to a healthier growth rate probably in '17 and beyond, so I think we've got great carriers in that -- the short term in the U.S. and then international carrying us much more beyond that.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Good one, Bill. Frankly, we'd probably say we think there's an opportunity for 2D, not only in Europe but frankly, most markets outside the U.S., and it's been one of the first things that Claus and the team have identified as more of a growth opportunity. And ideally, we could get 2D systems in, it would be upgradable down the road. Again, a lot of those are tenders. There's a lot of even looking at our dealer network and getting in place to be able to even better compete. I'd say we compete really well in certain markets, but don't have the full global footprint and strength that we would like. And that will be a nice opportunity for us. There's still a lot of the world that's going from film to -- to try to get them to go from film all the way to 3D tomo is probably a step too far and it's part of what Claus has looked at and said, we got an opportunity to go stepwise, just as you've pointed out. So it is an area of greater focus for us.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. We are very excited about what that would bring in terms of the instrumentation. On the assay side, we are early stages in terms of really starting to do the PCR work because, as you know, we've been a TMA shop and our team out in San Diego was really refocusing in building that up. I think we're still at least a few years away in terms of having a legitimate assay menu. We would be thinking '17 and beyond. So again, we're kind of viewing it as we think about longer term. We got some great growth drivers near term, and then started to think about things like that to be providing the medium longer-term growth. I wish we were sooner, by the way, but that's one of those things that had been -- the instrumentation work was well done, and we just haven't followed through on the assay work as much.
Stephen P. MacMillan: We really don't have much going on there, to be brutally candid, right now. We think there's still a lot of runway for Panther, but clearly that is one of the key questions we are asking ourselves now. But we don't -- we have not had an active program there.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, I think we feel reasonably good about our position in China, particularly as it relates to ThinPrep. We've been doing a pretty nice job there. On the rest of the businesses, we have opportunities. Grifols, our partner, obviously as it relates to the NAT testing and the blood piece, we feel good about Grifols presence and our partnership with them. I would say that I think that piece is going to continue to roll out slower rather than faster. We'd rather be pleasantly surprised if the market develops, so I'd say we're positioned there pretty well. But probably not ready to count on explosive market growth. It's a very decentralized decision-making process. It's not like in Japan, where we got the Japan Red Cross and you get the whole country overnight. China is going to be region by region. So I think we feel good about our position there. On any of the markets outside the U.S., I'd put it as best as good, not great, but with a trajectory of getting better. We feel really good. We brought in a new leader of our China business a little over a year ago, a very experienced leader, doing a great job there and very well tapped into the market.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, it's continuing to get even better, David. It's part of what gives us a lot of confidence in the shorter term going forward. The orders really for the last few quarters really looking strong in the U.S.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes. I think we just feel good about the trajectory, Jack. And like what we're seeing in orders, like what we're seeing in placements, and think we've seen a little bit of an uptick this quarter that's probably likely to continue here.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I wouldn't expect it accelerating beyond where we are. This is pretty big move up, and we're going to start going to go into much tougher comps and all of that. But I think we feel -- it's a pretty robust business.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Tycho. I'll start, and Bob's want to build on that. I think on the R&D front, I wouldn't say we're pulling stuff forward. What we are doing is really revamping the pipeline. If you think about what we had become a little bit as a company, was one that was driven a little bit more by inorganic growth. And so a lot of what we're doing is going back to what really made us great in the early 2000s, and frankly, what have made our legacy companies really great, which was more organic innovation. And I would say we're really rebuilding that DNA in the organization. So we're ramping up the spend and ramping up the capabilities, much of which really won't come through for another few years. So I think at the highest level, the way we're thinking about the company right now is we probably got a short-term pipeline gap. The positive is we got so much opportunity, some great products in the short term to carry us while we get the R&D piece put together. As it does relates to M&A, that will be another way to kind of continue to grow. Our teams candidly because we've got so many new folks, and we've been so focused on executing, I think we're probably still a little further out on the M&A front. And I probably almost would not expect much, if anything, this year. And when we do look at it, it's going to be about looking at things that can help us grow organically once they're brought in to the organization. And probably more what we have said will be tuck-ins. We will be looking at ROIC as well as accretion dilution, but very much focus on ROIC and on growth drivers to supplement what we, frankly, are building with incredibly strong commercial teams.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. I'm not sure if I ever really said we'd be taking price increases, but that just we are going to be much more focused on being able to pay attention to pricing. And I think it's probably more not doing deep discounting, which, by definition, is helping us on the realized ASP. And frankly, I give both Bob McMahon and then Eric Compton, our COO, and Claus Egstrand, our Head of International, a lot of credit for starting to put much more rigor and discipline into what effectively and largely been a lot of deep discounting at end of quarters that we're getting rid off. And having said that, on the positive side, we have been able to put through a little bit of a modest price increase in our Surgical business, and we're looking at it kind of the both ways. We're looking at how do we minimize the erosion of discounting and where there are opportunities to take a little price starting to do that. Also, we keep nibbling on the edges here and fundamentally changing the trajectory. As it relates specifically to last piece of your question, Tycho, on mammography, we are seeing certainly our competitors being more aggressive on pricing. We're doing pretty good job in trying to hold the line. We think we got a superior product and don't want to get caught into a deep discount game with a competitor.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yes, as it relates to the USPSTF, first and foremost, they've used a lot of old data. We would also remind you that they're putting it out for guidance. It's still to -- it's in the question basically the public comment period. But at the end of the day, I think we have so many radiologists, so much of the medical community. If you look at ACOG, the America Society of Radiologist, AMA, everybody is looking at, frankly, the more recent data and things like the JAMA study and everything else as well as their own clinical experience. And I think we all know, frankly, women who, if they had waited and followed those guidelines, would not be with us today, people in our own families. And I think those guidelines are pretty far out in terms of what is doing the right thing for human health, and frankly, very small cost to the total system. So I think the users of our equipment, and frankly, if you look at so many in the patient advocate groups and everything else, again, we feel pretty good that they're ultimately all on the same side of better science and a better product, and we happen to be in that space. And for those of you who know me for a long time, no, I'm not one to be dismissive of any potential hurdle on the horizon, and take these any hurdle as very serious. But again, I think we feel really good about our ability to work through this one.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure, Bill. I probably won't give you the numerics that you would like from a modeling standpoint but I'll give you just at a high level. The Panther placements, each time we're placing a Panther, what we love is that's going in today, it starts to come up to speed, there's usually a ramp to that, just as they -- they don't even necessarily go with our full menu upfront, some do, some don't. But oftentimes, they'll go in using just a few of our assays, and then our ability to keep expanding just our existing -- from the existing menu that we have. And then as we add menu over time, so that the utilization of those will continue to build out. But I'd say the core right now is really continued Panther placements. So each of one of these we place today is an annuity down the road and an annuity that will grow as the menu grows.
Stephen P. MacMillan: It's really a bit of both. We have opportunity to improve the utilization of the ones we have placed, and we see additional opportunities for more placements. And to get more granular than that, if I've learned anything from our own forecasting, I know it's always hard for you guys to do models, is no matter what we forecast, the numbers always come out a little differently. And so to stress one over the other, at this point, I think we'd really see opportunities in both.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Most of it is still on our existing accounts. As the market leader, we have the most on the existing accounts, and those are the ones, but we are getting the certain wins here and there competitively. The way I think about this market overall is it's probably fairly sticky at all directions, which is beneficial certainly to us, but we are definitely getting some competitive wins in there as well.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I don't think we really see any impact there, given that that's much more of a laparoscopic morcellation issue and really does not affect our business. We're not indicated to win from that. We're also not hurt by the negatives, nor is anybody that's doing laparoscopic morcellation going to shift over to hysteroscopic morcellation. So they're really 2 independent events. I think really what we're seeing driving our business is we've added some clinical specialist, our sales teams fired up, and we've got a lot of good things going out there.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. On a high level, Brian, effectively what Pete Valenti, the President of our Breast Health business, as he came in, we've really ramped up the marketing programs, which is really co-marketing with hospitals. And the analogy I draw a little bit is, I think, a lot of the great work intuitive surgical did over the years. We're now both helping hospitals market the procedure, and I think they are feeling in markets, as hospitals start to advertise, it's creating demand from the other hospitals, not in the market. We also are doing a lot of kind of [indiscernible] over the web kind of stuff and using hospital locators and just a lot of I think very smart marketing that our team has developed. It's a competency we did not have in this company 12 months ago, and the team has really put it together and put a great program behind the Genius campaign.
Stephen P. MacMillan: I'd say the overall number. Yes, we're going to be starting to go up against bigger comps. We feel really good about the basic trajectory of that business, but it's going to be a very solid grower. Demand is very strong, but we probably don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves either.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes. So obviously, with our performance on the top line, that's helping us with the factory pulling more products through that and continue to look at efficiencies there. To your point, though, around continued pressures, we do see that as well as we look longer term for international business to grow, we will see some downward pressure there. So I think the best way to look at that is we've been pleasantly surprised around our gross margin's better performance than last year. I don't see any reason that it will dramatically change from where it is first couple of quarters here for the rest of the year. And I think that we're going to continue to look for ways to drive efficiencies to offset some of those things that you're talking about. So I wouldn't project significant improvement there, but certainly, look for continued kind of that 63.5-ish range kind of flattish GP as we go through -- go forward.
Robert W. McMahon: Let me just add, just to give you some perspective. Claus and team have really looked at, call it -- I'll call it top 10 focus markets. In those top 10 focus markets, there's approximately almost double the number of gantries that -- than there are in the U.S. So it talks about the opportunity. Now many of those gantries are still analog. And so Steve's point, transitioning from analog to 2D is the logical step with an upgradable feature that ultimately get to 3D as opposed to trying to leapfrog to a 3D. And so that's what Claus and his team are really focused on working to dealers.
Robert W. McMahon: And that's one of the areas, not necessarily just fusion, but when we talk about kind of the investment that we're making in the near term to fortify some of the longer-term activities. Our R&D investment, overall, grew 9% this year -- this quarter, and we would continue to expect to make investments, not only in fusion, but in the assay development portfolio, so that there would be a complement of not only TMA assays that we've talked about in the past, continuing in our virals, but then ultimately having a PCR complement as well.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes, thanks, Dave. What I would say is, we're not in a position to project a specific target. But I would say is, we're aiming for higher than it is. But to your point, I mean, I think one of the things that we are benefiting from is a very strong cash flow. And this actually is a pretty efficient -- when the assets are utilized, I think more appropriately, a pretty efficient engine. And to the effect that we can actually drive 170 basis points of ROIC in a year, it speaks pretty well to kind of what we're trying to do going forward. Not to say that it's going to be 170 basis points every quarter -- or every year, excuse me, but we need to improve our return on our capital.
Robert W. McMahon: And I think -- yes, the one thing, Jack, on the phasing during the quarter because of the strength that Steve just talked about, we're seeing that in each one of the quarter -- each one of the months continue build working with our -- with the radiologists centers, the hospitals, our customers to place things. And so we're not seeing this huge hockey stick over in the last 2 or 3 weeks of the month -- or of the quarter. We're feeling really good about that business throughout the quarter.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes, well, I'm not going to get into all the components of detail. What I would say is our Breast Health business gross margin didn't improve appreciably as we are moving to more 3D as you would expect. Our 3D instrumentation has a better gross margin than our 2D. And as we shift principally in the U.S., we're enjoying the benefits of that. We're also driving some cost efficiencies on the actuals service side, which is also helping the breast business have the large piece. So our service business continues to grow at a nice clip, and we're able to manage some of the cost side as well that's helping our gross margin.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes, just to build on that. I think -- just to build on that for the R&D question, I think we're probably looking at the third quarter as being one of the biggest R&D spending for the year. We're taking the opportunity as we are probably a little ahead of where we initially had thought on the top line to take some of those investments, not only in R&D but in some marketing. I would say longer term, I wouldn't expect the continued 9% multiple years out, but certainly, we're taking the opportunity to do that. I still think and we've talked about improving R&D productivity, and that's still a core attribute that we're working through right now and actually getting more out with the dollars that we spend. But given that we have some opportunities in the short term, we certainly are building some of those capabilities that Steve talked about.
Robert W. McMahon: Yes, just to build on that, I mean, just to give you kind of frame or reference with the way you look at some of our major projects. Steve talked about it in his prepared remarks, HPV has been -- that pricing has been steady for several quarters. Same with CT/GC, and we talked about ThinPrep as well. And so we're seeing that moderation of that the pricing decline, which we have seen in the past. And I think that's through a lot of the hard efforts and really focusing on price realization and value realization in the market. And to the point around 3D, our pricing per gantry is flat year-over-year, despite the entrance of a new competitor.
Robert W. McMahon: You can bet, we've poked a lot more than you will on that internal. I would actually say it's 2 things. One is our International business is actually disproportionately affected by the AG high-tech some of the discontinued items from a year ago that are actually still in there. And if you actually take that out, but we don't allow our businesses to do that, it actually grew very modestly in the quarter. The other piece I'd say just in a higher level is there is some lumpiness that happened with the distributors. And I think any quarter-to-quarter variations, we'll probably still see a little bit more of that internationally. And if one quarter pops up really good, and then the next one is down, neither one is yet a trend. It's going to be watching it over time. So I think we feel good about where we're headed, but that is probably the -- actually on our red green charts, that was our only red out of 15 data points that we track. So you found it, good job.
