Robert A. Cascella: Many thanks, Glenn. Well, we believe that there were several important accomplishments in the quarter, and we attribute all of those to truly the breadth and value of our diverse family of products and, obviously, the dedication of our associates. Although the environment remains challenging for all companies in our field, we are more confident than ever that Hologic has the right strategy, product portfolio and leadership to continue growing this company, strengthening our balance sheet and building shareholder value. I want to thank you all for participating on this call, and we'll now open the call up for questioning. So thank you, operator.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, well, I think the good news, as we indicated, is that the market seems to be rapidly gravitating towards 3D. What that does in the short term is put certainly some headwinds on the 2D business relative to the normal replacement cycle. I think customers are waiting to buy 3D. And I think that things like the Oslo study are giving them the kind of ammunition that they need to go get budget approvals. And I also believe that the further we penetrate into that market, the competitive dynamic that's being created by the broader adoption of tomo is causing more and more customers to buy the products. So what we're seeing is that as we talked about, even last quarter, there may be some lumpiness in this early period of the rollout of this new piece of capital equipment. But all of the indicators appear very, very positive. And as a matter of fact, we, in our last call, said that we would nearly double the installed base in this fiscal year and we are saying today that we will, at a minimum, double our installed base of tomo products in the U.S. because we feel much more confident about the rollout of the product.
Robert A. Cascella: I think what happens with services, as long as the installed base continues to grow, the service revenue continues to grow as well. I think that you may see, and as we have said in the past, a slowing in the growth percent as more and more tomo units are installed because in fact, the tomo units will carry a 1-year warranty and the existing Selenias that are being decommissioned would come off of service contract. But that's actually the kind of trend that we would want to see, right? We would have a significant spike in equipment revenue and a tapering of the growth in services as a result of that.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I think what Peter's indication was of a backlog increase and more interest from an orders activity perspective is a strong indicator for us. I believe, and I think we believe very strongly, that this product is moving forward from a growth perspective with or without reimbursement. However, the broader adoption of this product, a year down the road or 2 years down the road is certainly going to be highly dependent on that. But we're not seeing any indication today nor have we backed away from the numbers that we gave earlier on about the amount of increase to our installed base because of the momentum that we see being developed in the market. It just simply takes longer to buy a tomo unit than it does to buy a 2D Digital Mammography unit for the reasons that we gave. It's a higher dollar amount, there is no reimbursement. So people are buying for budget dollars that we see happening as is evidenced by the fact that we have a 10% growth on our backlog.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I think on CT/GC, we have not seen an erosion in pricing. And in fact, we have not lost customers. We believe that our market share is stable. We're still market leaders by a substantial margin here in the United States. I think on the new accounts that we see for HPV, it's a much more competitive market. And I think that because it's incremental business for us, it is at a lower price than some of our earlier HPV wins, but it is business that we did not have in the past. So we're certainly not going to enjoy the days of $18 or $20 a test, and I think that the pricing is much, much lower than that. But as I said, we came from a relatively small installed base and market share to now grow into over 20% and those incremental customers had a lower AUP.
Robert A. Cascella: We feel better about it. I don't think we're prepared to raise our number other than with the words that I shared in terms of at least doubling versus nearly doubling our installed base. But we feel better about it, we felt much better after RSNA even though the order trend didn't result in revenue that was enough to cover the shortfall in 2D. The backlog activity and the quoting activity that we're seeing is very, very encouraging for the year.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I think it's the latter. We really are very encouraged that we got the product approvals that we did. And then, in fact, they materialized earlier than expectations. So we believe that in order to successfully roll those products out, we are going to pull up some marketing spend as a result of it. So between that and just this hang over on some LIFECODES expenses in this quarter that were not anticipated led to we having to up our OpEx number. And we're talking about $10 million, of course, on a significant number. So we felt that it was probably well justified.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, absolutely. And I say that without question or without hesitation. It is not now -- we talk about these things happening over a 3-year period of time and we thought that the first tranche was conservative and we still believe that, and we clearly believe that over the 3-year period of time, the $75 million is not at all a challenge.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, there's a lot of things, Jayson, that we've been talking about that we need to be more specific with you, so it's a very fair question. And that is that all of the things that had to do with both our HPV business and our CT/GC business on PANTHER, particularly, are things that are now being focused on new account closures versus equipment replacements. We believe that generates incremental revenue for us in the mid-tier lab market. In addition, on the Breast Health side, the news about increased backlog, the news about broader adoption of tomo, are certainly outpacing now what -- where we originally thought with respect the customer interest. All of those things were in our plan and are in our plan. So yes, they were -- they are second half loaded, but they are within the expectations that we had when we originally put our budgets together.
Robert A. Cascella: I think we're really starting to see it. I mean, you know how lab sales is. It's very time-consuming, it's not transactional, there's a lot of time that goes into education, there's a lot of time that goes into equipment validation assuming that you've won the account. So I mean, it could be anywhere from 60 to 90 days, from an order win or placement before you even start to see dollar one of revenue. So there's a lot of activity that's going on with the combined teams today and driven by both the physician sales team as well as our laboratory sales team. And I think that, again, when we think about the second half, that's when we start seeing -- believing that we start seeing the fruits of a lot of these efforts. And even early on, last quarter, when we suggested to you that we thought we would see a pickup in the CT/G business but it would happen in the second half of the year because of our physician sales team, because of new PANTHER placements and so on and so forth.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I think we're looking at pretty substantial differences, I mean, it's a -- depending on whether it's dealer or direct, would add a different layer. But let's assume it's direct to direct, we're probably 25% lower with respect to OUS pricing. If you layer on dealer sales, there's probably another 10% below that. So and a lot of that depends on the market, right? We're particularly aggressive and succeeding quite well in China, but the pricing in China is much different than the pricing in a market like the U.K., for instance.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I think, to the first question, the HPV and HPV genotyping were due out at the end of the calendar year, this calendar year. I think it's a fair statement. Obviously, there's a lot of enthusiasm over PANTHER but what PANTHER really brings to bear is a very diverse menu and the capabilities for random sampling. So now, with Trich on it, I think we answered part of that requirement. But clearly, our goal is to get a socket locked in with now a CT/GC and Trich and growing to HPV and to genotyping. What that will probably do this is, on an interim basis, cause us to use our Cervista and HTA. It's kind of a bridging technology until we're ready to convert over to PANTHER. But it is a -- it certainly is both a demand and a requirement from our customers that we are growing menu on that product, and that is our full intention. And by the end of this year, I think we'll fulfill the initial requirement.
Robert A. Cascella: And look, we are currently studying the product portfolios of both Gen-Probe and our own legacy Diagnostic business and really looking at what do we think the future holds for many of those businesses. Clearly, we talked about being in virology so we know that we are investing heavily, and we being in viral load testing. But as we look beyond the next 3 to 5 years, what do we want to be? And is there an oncology play that we should be investing in today, and is PCA3 one opportunity to do so? So to be very specific about it, it's products like that will take a little bit longer for us to really get comfortable with and to research the broader implications of we investing in not just that particular application but in that field in general. So why I said what I did during the call is I don't think we're going to get a point where we're going to be comfortable enough to do anything like that this year. I think what we're doing this year is really studying what we think the opportunities are around each of those businesses.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, I think what we did on Gen-Probe was give you -- each of the product lines and what their growth was in the quarter. But I don't know if we gave a...
Robert A. Cascella: We're not giving units other than to reconfirm that the 1,000-unit target that we had by 2015 is certainly well underway. I mean, I can say with a level of certainty that we are ahead of expectations relative to PF replacements. I think what we're focused on today is now that we think we've fulfilled our DTS replacements, or at least are getting to a point where we're fulfilling the DTS replacement, we're now pointing those sales efforts at new account wins, and we believe that will be a much stronger opportunity for incremental revenues. So I think that from a unit perspective, we seem to be on or ahead of placement plans. I think the difference over the next half of the year will be a much stronger emphasis on new account closures which would result in incremental revenue.
Robert A. Cascella: I think that there is lumpiness in any new capital rollout. What we believe, however, is that 3D placements start to outpace 2D erosion and just by the sheer fact that their ASPs are higher. But what I mean by lumpiness is that I think until we get to a point where there is a broader and thicker backlog on tomosynthesis, I think you're going to see some lumpiness because of the fact that it's a piece of capital equipment and there's a lot of things that go into an account closure. But having said that, the optimism is there relative to we showing an ongoing trajectory and acceleration of a product over the next -- the second half of the year.
Robert A. Cascella: Yes, so I think relative to our sample types for PANTHER, and particularly for CT/GC, I think any of the voids that we have, particularly in male urine, I think that will be completed by the end of the year. We're also completing female urine, but we don't feel that's critical, and that will probably be in the middle of the following year. So we think by the end of the year, we will fulfill the critical sample typing for CT/GC and Panther as well as menu fulfillment of HPV as well.
Robert A. Cascella: I think that's really all that we have. We really appreciate the questions and the time, and we look forward to reporting to you in the future. Good night, everyone.
Peter K. Soltani: Brandon, it's Peter. Yes, they're fairly stable I would say. We did introduce another platform last year. It's called the Dimensions 5000. So that provides a different slightly lower price point with some defeatured components on it. But ASPs are holding very steady.
Peter K. Soltani: The breast biopsy business did extremely well. We continue to maintain very strong, and in fact grow our market share, we're very, very pleased with that business and we do certainly expect that business to continue to grow for the rest of the year.
Peter K. Soltani: Vijay, this is Peter. Yes, I mean, basically what happened is that -- a couple of things. One is that the quote activity increased significantly and many folks who were sort of on the fence waiting for the clinical data to sort of validate the clinical marriage of the technology, they kind of moved off the fence, so we see just an overall pickup and interest in the quote activity and presentations and so forth.
Peter K. Soltani: Yes, I mean, it's -- I mean, if you think about things globally from a 2D demand standpoint, I mean, there are certainly parts of the world that are just not ready for 3D and the demand for 2D will continue to stay fairly stable. But I would certainly say that in the mature markets such as North America and Europe, there's certainly going to be downward decreases in 2D. Anybody needing to get 2D, it would certainly be, frankly, an obsolete product. So you kind of have to add the 2 together to get a sense of where things are going to go. But I would certainly say that we're probably see, again, decreases in 2D adoption in the U.S.
Glenn P. Muir: Right, Brian, it's Glenn. That was in the diagnostics area itself. So if we look year-over-year, back to a point in time where it was Hologic-only with Gen-Probe, we're looking at a slightly different product lineup than we had a year ago. With the ThinPrep and the Hologic products, we were already at a slightly higher gross margin than some of the Gen-Probe products. They were in the mid-to-high '60s, we were in the 60%, almost 70% range. So there's a little bit of an effective of combining the historical Gen-Probe into our mix. But I think even more so, it really is an increase on the international side, especially for the things like ThinPrep where we are getting lower pricing.
Glenn P. Muir: We don't really carve out Gen-Probe because their product lines have all been simulated into the Diagnostics group. So I don't have a real single number. We tried to back into Gen-Probe's clinical diagnostic products as an example of some of the traction. So I did say that the clinical Diagnostics, so 2/3 of their old business, was up 9% and the other 1/3 is the blood screening.
Glenn P. Muir: Rich, it's Glenn. I think if we think about the cost synergies that we identify for Gen-Probe, nothing has changed. We still feel very confident of where we are on achieving well over that $40 million target that we kind of pegged in the first year in $75 million. So yes, we feel good about that, but those expenses and the actions that we took at the beginning of the fiscal year to enable those cost synergies to come through, those changes have been made. So we'll begin seeing those as the year plays out. The OpEx $10 million increase that we identified or upped our guidance for this quarter wasn't related to Gen-Probe or cost synergies. That was really related to other parts of the business other than, I guess, the little LIFECODE piece that we hadn't anticipated. In our thinking about fiscal year '13, we were expecting to close LIFECODES at the very end of the first quarter. So we've got a little bit of a spillover of expenses into Q2 because of that.
