Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah Dan, in simple terms, it probably is a little head-scratcher. At the end of the day, international came in a lot stronger than we expected, and the U.S. was frankly disappointing. And it says we've got more work to do. And I'll give it to you this way: Obviously when we did the acquisition, we knew there'd been a lot of sales force disruption in the quarter right before we bought it. That leadership team at Cynosure had a long track record, and they said at the start of the quarter they thought things were settling down, and they gave us a number that they thought they would deliver for the quarter. At the end of the day, we came up short in the quarter. I wanted to give them one quarter to let them prove that they were back on track, and at the end of the day, they fell short. So we're making changes. We've just installed a new President, and I think – so what we will see here in the third quarter is, because international has gotten stronger and there's a normal seasonal slowdown, I think what you're going to see is that seasonal slowdown in July and August internationally is particularly soft in Medical Aesthetics. So I think we see it being a step back before we really start to step forward again, as we go. And I will tell you, I feel really, really good about the commercial leader we've put in to run that business now. But also want to give him a little air cover while he gets his feet on the ground, because there's always a little disruption in that change. So it's really a – call it a one quarter step back. I think we showed we at least know what we're doing by delivering on the – frankly at the low end of what we had hoped for in the quarter, but feeling great about international, great about the pipeline, and we do have some work to do in the U.S.
Stephen P. MacMillan: No, it was run rate. There was no end-of-quarter discounting. If anything I would tell you, frankly, the end of the quarter was probably a little disappointing, which – in its own way. We might have thought we would have done even a little bit better than where we came in there. So that's what precipitated the change. But I think – suffice it to say orders – it's not like we've carried in a bunch of orders either or anything into this quarter. In an ideal world, they would've been running hot, and we might have even been able to carry some or whatever into this quarter. We aren't able to do that. So it is a complete U.S. sales execution issue. We don't break out the U.S./international piece. I would tell you, we are much more excited about the performance internationally than we imagined, and it really is a very isolated issue that we know how to fix. As a reminder, by the way, Kevin Thornal, who we've just put in as Division President – he's the guy we sent over to Europe 18 months ago, when, many of you remember, our European and especially our global Breast Health business was a disaster. And that business within 18 months of him arriving is now growing at double-digit rates. He's completely put that business back together again. Kevin and I have a long history together at Stryker. He came over to Hologic about three years ago, first into the U.S. Breast Health business, has gone over there. And I would tell you, I'm incredibly excited about what he's going to bring to the business. But he's not going to work magic this quarter.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah, Dan. I'd add one last piece. A year ago everybody thought international was a mess. Now it's a double-digit grower. We look at this and say, you know what? Been there, done that. We'll absolutely be back to great growth rates in this business.
Stephen P. MacMillan: We're not going to give exact guidance for 2018 yet on this call. Cynosure will grow in 2018. There is no doubt.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. You know what? We typically are going to assume a six- to nine-month ramp for new reps and new businesses, and I think that would be an appropriate piece here. So I think – my hunch is this coming quarter is probably the bottom and we start to rebuild even by the end of this quarter. So as we go into calendar year 2018, ought to be looking pretty good. We obviously track internal performance metrics, nothing we're going to share externally.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. I think less – there's always been the price competition. We're still maintaining pricing and not going down that rabbit hole. I think GE has gotten a little more aggressive with their new system just in terms of marketing and activity, but we still feel very good about the ongoing trajectory. I think this is probably a low single digit grower for us as we go into 2018. And we'll certainly aspire to more. But I think just given where we are in the market life cycle as we go into that kind of second 50% of our installed base and further down to the market, that it's just smaller customers, smaller orders.
Stephen P. MacMillan: It's probably a bit of both, Tycho. I think they certainly had the tremendous run with the initial launch of SculpSure. So we are going against comps when they were growing at the 20%-plus level. We still think this is a high-growth market over time. But going against those particularly high comps when it was all the capital going in, you're probably dealing with a little bit of that. But overall we continue to feel great about the market dynamics and know that we can have a better commercial execution as we go forward. Frankly, on both sales, but also marketing. I mentioned in the script direct-to-consumer marketing, we're actually just beginning some direct-to-patient marketing programs that they've lacked as a company to date.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Oh, no. There'll be more hiring. There'll be more hiring. We still have some opportunities. And just managing them – the other piece I'd give you is, we've all seen companies kind of go from that 0 to 400, 500 range, and then you kind of start to – can stumble a little bit as you go to that next level, and sometimes you need some new leadership to take it to that level. And I think it's exactly what we need on the commercial side. So there will be still a few more changes as we go forth and bringing in more people.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah, it's really for Kevin to get into. Kevin is one of the greatest sales and commercial leaders you'll find, just as he went over to Europe, and it starts by getting to know the key people and the key opportunities and then repositioning and making sure we get the right people against the right opportunities. It's going to be blocking and tackling and nothing – no whiz-bang stuff, but a lot of basics. Frankly we're seeing that sales training is a huge opportunity. There's a lot of just basic things where they'd hired a bunch of people that don't even necessarily – haven't been trained on the full line of products. It's a lot of stuff that's not pretty, but it collectively creates great performance. And that's the kind of stuff I'm sure Kevin's going to get into.
Stephen P. MacMillan: In the U.S., there's probably not a lot of share to keep gaining. We do think there's still some market expansion opportunities. One of the things we haven't talked as much about probably, Isaac, is trying to get more testing done to guideline, where frankly there are more tests that can be prescribed in various situations, and we're trying to get more of that done. The huge certainly market share gains are outside the U.S. When you look at our molecular business, it's still over 80% in the U.S., and I think what we're really excited about is we're really starting to get some traction internationally. Four out of the last five quarters at growth over 20%, admittedly off small bases, but the numbers – you keep doing that, the numbers start to get much more meaningful. So I think the market share will probably be more outside the U.S.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Very positive feedback from Europe, and not likely for this year. We figure that's a 2018-ish approval in the clearance in the U.S.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah, we're going to basically use referrals, but frankly we want our existing GYN Surgical sales force to be selling a little more NovaSure, frankly, right now. And there continues to be a tremendous opportunity on MyoSure. We're not sure we've figured out yet how big the full market potential for MyoSure is, so they've got a lot of good things they can still be doing while they make references, but we don't want to distract them and get them trying to sell the full Cynosure bag.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. Well, it will not be all at once. What we're doing is, we're building a great box that will have opportunities to add products to it over time. The initial indications will be aesthetic.
Stephen P. MacMillan: It'll likely be a U.S. launch. Just the way they've typically filed stuff has been – and we're in the process of changing that – but largely U.S. first and then internationally. I think in the future they could be more global launches. So we'll be excited about the opportunity.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Sure. Yeah, I think – by the way, congratulations on Bartman getting his Cubs ring to you, Brian. So -
Stephen P. MacMillan: So, yeah, that's right, exactly. I think as it does relate to adding products, we always figured Cynosure will be an opportunity for us to have some inorganic tuck-ins along the way. I would tell you in the nearer term, we see such an opportunity between the product pipeline and also our own need to focus on just getting the U.S. selling organization right up to where we want it to be. Again, not dissimilar to what we encountered here a few years ago when this management team came into this company. So I think that'll be our focus nearer term, and then tuck-in kind of stuff maybe down the road. But I think it'll certainly be a place for tuck-ins. It's a great market, and we continue to love being in the medical aesthetics market, think it's going to be one of the highest growth markets to be in. And out of that will certainly spawn additional opportunities for products or small company things.
Stephen P. MacMillan: No, there's no good reason to expect that our share should be any different. We've got superior products. Some of those have one-source contracts and some of those kinds of things, but frankly so did a lot of the big institutions where there was even more money on the line. And it comes down to, again, blocking and tackling and great salespeople selling a superior product. It just really is – as we've been saying for a long, long time, we predicted there was not going to be a cliff when everybody thought there was going to be a cliff. But we said it was going to slow down and be much more flat for a much longer period of time, and that's really how the market's playing out as you go into this segment of the customers. But we are not relaxing our share expectations one bit.
Stephen P. MacMillan: On the share piece, I think we continue to feel very good that as our sockets, as our gantries come up for renewal, we are doing a very good job on those. We don't win all of them, but we win consistently most, and I would say very close to all of them. And we continue to win competitive users, so that's why I think we continue to be a net share gainer. On Cynosure, I think as we mentioned, we felt very good about the performance in the skin business in the last quarter and feel good about that. And we think there's still opportunities as we get ramped up to help on the women's health side. And the body piece, we saw very good improvement in the consumables, but down on the capital sales.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah, the other way to think about it, David, just from the way we articulated in the script, effectively the guide-down – the midpoint of the guide-down is effectively all Cynosure, from what they just delivered this quarter to what we expect them to deliver this next quarter.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Anne, we continue to sell both 2D and 3D outside the U.S., and we would expect to continue to do that. Over the last several quarters, it's roughly been about 50-50 in terms of the number of placements of 2D and 3D. The number of units in the U.S. is much higher than it is outside the U.S. It's roughly 2,000 units outside the U.S., 3D units. Our share outside the U.S., it's really market dependent, but we still have plenty of opportunity. It's roughly half of what it is in the U.S. on the digital side. So I think what it speaks to is the new leadership in place working for the dealers in Europe and then around the world just having an increasing focus on better performance, not only with our dealers but bringing in the right leaders and working in partnership with them on tenders, bringing in some additional capabilities like market access and so forth, that are really helping drive screening protocols across the various countries. That's going to take some time, but those are the types of initiatives that we've been investing in over the last 18 months, and it's starting to bear fruit.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. When I said there's going to be continued hiring, by the way, there's going to be continued hiring in every business that we ever have. It's part of being a growth company. So it's in my DNA that we will be always hiring and expanding our sales organizations. I think a little bit bigger opportunity here in the Cynosure piece as we replace people that had left, but feeling very good about the leadership we're putting in place.
Stephen P. MacMillan: You got a piece of both. You know what, I think on MyoSure it is the law of large numbers, as that business has generated – frankly, it had a lot more 30% and high 20% growth quarters than we ever imagined. Still a 20% number, very healthy and excited. I think on the NovaSure piece, we obviously are going against very tough comps as we had the competitive withdrawal. Having said that, you know what? We'd like to be doing better and think we haven't necessarily maintained as much share as we should have.
Stephen P. MacMillan: Yeah. Great question, David. I think as we look to 2018, we feel really good. We're not giving guidance, obviously, but feel really good about mid-single digit. I would absolutely say that. We're going to reaccelerate from, frankly, what is this low third and fourth quarter growth rates. We just reported 3.1% organic growth. Fourth quarter is, if you really play out how that will shake out, I think fourth quarter's probably going to be a little bit better than that, is if you really parse out our guidance and this and that. But we don't like being down in that level, and as we go into 2018 between the pipelines, getting the Cynosure stuff behind us, getting some of the pipeline stuff out of Breast Health, international kicking in, molecular being good, feel very good that we will be a reaccelerating story in 2018.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. I think just to build on that, Steve. I think if you look at it, obviously we felt very good about the performance that we had in international, but also if you look at the non-laser, the PAC key utilization, that also improved across the globe. Most of that here is in the U.S., so it is really about getting that sales organization up and trained and clean it up. And then moving into 2018, we have new products that will help drive that additional growth as well. We talked about submental and then the RF platform as well, so feel good about the future.
Robert W. McMahon: I think on that, Tycho – this is Bob. As part of that, with the launch of the 3D Performance product, that allows us I think to compete more effectively in the smaller volume hospitals and so forth. And we're not going to play the price game, but that provides us with – our customers with good value and allows us to have a portfolio of products that suit the various needs of our customers more effectively.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. So the vast majority of the change, Vijay, is due to Cynosure. There's always some moving parts, but the vast majority of it is due to Cynosure. And so I think that that is the area of focus. It wasn't blood. We actually had more blood in the third quarter. We expect a sequential decline but in line with our expectations there. And our base business is roughly in line as well. So obviously, we've got a lot of focus on that part of the business in Cynosure, bringing in new leadership and so forth. But if you look at it, sequential change from where we are in Q3 to Q4, another way to kind of look at it, all of that change is related to Cynosure.
Robert W. McMahon: Isaac, one of the things – just to kind of build on that, one of the things that we're really pleased with is not only that we continue to place very healthy levels of Panther systems. Actually had a very good quarter both domestically and internationally this quarter again. The revenue per Panther continues to increase, both in the U.S., as well as domestically quite nicely. So it speaks to the power of the Panther system, not only with the existing products but also as we add additional pipeline. And I think the team, as Steve mentioned in the script, has done a great job of cross-selling. But there still is some opportunity there on the sexually transmitted disease menu. And then that that bodes well for the viral loads here in the U.S., which we've got the two HIV and HCV, HPV coming in 2018, and so we feel very good about that business.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. And, Alex, on the incentive program that was just launched this last quarter, it's still early days, but I think very promising in terms of the number of leads that have been qualified through our OB/GYN sales organization into the Cynosure group. And so I think we'll see that continue to be a positive harbinger for future, primarily on the Cynosure side, but that's – in the near term, that's the leverage that we're looking at, and early results promising.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah, and I think – Rich, this is Bob. I think as you look at the indications, think about it over a course of a year.
Robert W. McMahon: And I think, Brian, to add to that, as of the end of this last quarter, we still estimate that roughly half of our own installed base is available to be upgraded to 3D, and now with the new products that we will be launching over the next couple quarters, it continues to give us a lot of confidence that they will in fact upgrade. And we think that we will be a net share gainer continued going forward regardless of the type of hospital.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah, those numbers are off. The Cynosure number is not flat sequentially. We mentioned that it would be down materially versus last year, which was at the $106 million. So – and to be clear, we're not expecting Breast to be down that much. So our expectation is that our core business growth is not in that low single digits, the 1% to 2% that you quoted. It's higher than that.
Robert W. McMahon: We haven't given a new number, but it's lower than that, right? So what we're saying is last year it was $106 million in the fourth quarter, and it's materially lower than that for this year's fourth quarter.
Robert W. McMahon: Yeah. This is Bob. What I would say is, first of all, that number is off a small base, but the growth rate year over year is very, very high in what I'll call the renewal rate for the PAC utilization in the U.S. So it grew significantly. We don't feel that there's any issue with the market. And ultimately we still believe that we're in the early innings of this market. And there is still lots of room to grow not only in utilization but continued placement of SculpSure products in our current customer base.
