Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Patrick, I really call it. It's the dividend and reward for coming to the country and the world's rescue when they needed a stern COVID. And as you well know, we placed a ton of Panthers, almost doubled our worldwide placements. And the big question all through that time and through those next few years was, yes, what's going to happen to those Panthers on the back end.  And what we said is just keep watching, because I think what we feel great about is in a labor-constrained world, our Panther and the workflow automation, combined with the incredible menu that we have the tight footprint on Panther. And then we've added the Fusion sidecar that these things are just incredible workhorses that really are getting the adoption. And I think you start to -- when you put a double-digit number on top of a 25% number from last year, what we're really just seeing is more customers putting more menu on their Panthers. And I think it's -- the proof is what we've been saying for years and hopefully, it's starting to become evident in the results. 
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Pat, let's try to put this into context. We were talking as a team about this the other day and said, if we can line up the perfect world, we'd love to do like one Endomag every quarter. right? $300 million deal, bring in some additional revenue products that drop in that we know what to do and just kind of keep phasing those along and then maybe a little bit of a buyback here or there. The real world doesn't work nearly as linear. But that's what we would like to be doing is those size deals on a fairly regular basis.  Because they don't always pop up from time to time, it is where we'll jump in and do some buybacks, and we're comfortable amassing the cash because there might be a year where we can do a number of these like we did at one point during COVID when we picked up Biotheranostics, Fluent, Accesa, Diagenode, these things that have all been very good for us. So no real change. We think the Endomagnetics deal is right down the fairway, hopefully, exactly what anybody would expect from us and what we've been signaling and if we can find more of those, that'd be great.  With that, I'll kick it to Karleen. 
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. As you saw, they're really kind of still in the biannual world and we don't think the USPSTF guidelines changed much. Recall that our Breast Health is really a screening business where it's a capital sale and less volume dependent. But we really don't see much of an impact either way, just as when the guidelines shifted "negatively" a few years back, I didn't see a downturn there and don't see a big shift now.  We do think the guidelines are a step forward for women. Unless you're a woman over 74 where they still haven't gone far enough. 
Stephen MacMillan: We are very focused on maintaining co-testing as the gold standard. If anything, what we're seeing is a modest uptick in cervical cancer in women in the United States that really started when the intervals went from to 3 to 5 years back almost 10 years ago and believe absolutely the co-testing is the right way to go. That continues to be -- our base is based on the scientific facts. 
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. It's funny in so many ways, we don't focus always as much probably on share as we do on just building our business for our customers and growing the categories. So I think what we continue to feel great about is we've got, as you know, more respiratory menu than we've ever had. We've got the Fusion sidecars, so we're building a respiratory business. We're not competing in the point of care business. We are very strong in our reference labs in the hospital systems, the public health labs and just really focused on delivering for those customers.  And we believe we've got both an economic and workflow advantage as well as, frankly, the sensitivity specificity of a lot of our assays. So continue to feel very good about the growth rates there. And at the end of the day, these are big markets, and there will be, I think, several companies going up and others that will be shared donors in the equation. 
Stephen MacMillan: Yes, Casey, you'll love it. We're not going anywhere near '25 guidance at this point in time. So we've given the long range we're delivering for now, investing for the future. But stay tuned for the November call, and we'll get into that. But thank you. 
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. We're earlier stages of really looking at the opportunity there. There are some other things on the markets and frankly, the indication is not necessarily developed. So it's probably a little more of a market development longer-term opportunity for us internationally as frankly, many of our products have been. So very minimal expectations in the near term internationally. I would tell you though we love the momentum we have, certainly in the United States on it. 
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think the magic of our international business is -- it's a lot of individual products in individual countries that we've been building kind of market access capabilities and everything over the years. And while there's no one that's driving it. We've just got a series of different products and different geographies that are really building momentum. And a lot of them in kind of the surgical and interventional space.  Certainly, we're getting very excited about our Surgical business and its opportunity internationally, both what we've been doing with our own sales forces plus we did mention we acquired our distributor in the Nordics. So continuing to go -- feel very well there. And then it's just -- you get different times. The fact we got our digital cytology approved, internationally, that's been going very well in Western Europe.  So it's just this collection of the different franchises, the different geographies building over time. And I think the magic is, Andrew, from the years in the past, we always said we're going to be building these businesses internationally, not by showing up 1 day and saying, hey, we're going to dramatically expand our sales forces and take a year off on profit growth. We've been making the investments all along.  And then as certain products launch in certain countries, then we use that funding to fund the next year and keep building. So it's really just this inexorable building of success. 
Stephen MacMillan: Yes. I think the biggest piece is it's just a continuation of what we've been doing over the last 5, 6 years where we've tried to build, especially the gantry business and build out across the breast care continuum. So into biopsies and into interventional techniques. So as we've been building our own markers business, this has been an area we've been looking. We got into localizer a few years back. We've been doing both organic, inorganic. And the timing on this one really is driven by the opportunity to pick up Endomag. They've been a business we've been tracking for quite some time that we liked a lot, and the opportunity finally became available to grab them. Thank you. But yes, just continuing on what we've been doing. 
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would just emphasize, Patrick, that the strength of our balance sheet as well as our ongoing cash flow generation allows us significant flexibility to do things like Endomag and the share repurchase on an ongoing and regular basis. So for years to come as we look at our financial projections over the coming years, so we have a lot of flexibility and strength. 
Karleen Oberton: Yes. Well, I think we think it fits really nicely with our existing interventional portfolio. And I think that's 1 of the values that we'll bring is that currently Endomag uses a mix of direct and distributors, and we obviously have a significant direct sales force in the U.S. that I think will be a differentiator for us with that asset in our hands. 
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would just say, Jack, we would expect it to be accretive certainly to the division's growth rate. 
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would just say the impact on the full year guidance is primarily related to currency, if you actually look at the midpoint of this guide versus our prior guide on a constant currency basis, it's up slightly. So we really view the performance in this quarter a lot of to tighten the range as you indicated really hone in and delivering within that range. 
Karleen Oberton: Yes. Let me kick off in that. Yes, it was just recently approved in the U.S., and I would say that we're really partnering with our lab customers on implementing and integrating into the workflow, so that's what we're focused on really more of a successful integration into the lab workflow at this point.  So minimal contribution in '24 from the U.S. approval. But I think the feedback here, early days, there's a lot of excitement of what this can do in what we've talked about in a labor-constrained environment. And we think those will be really well received. 
Karleen Oberton: Yes. Certainly, that is one of the strategies to improve margins as we go direct and we find that as we go direct, we have better outcomes in those markets with our market development and market access capabilities, which -- that is something we have invested in over the last 5 years. So that strength that commercial investment at the point of leverage as we move forward as well as we continue to grow the portfolio, specifically surgical -- it's early days, but certainly, the surgical portfolio is an accretive product to the overall margin profile for that business. So I think there'll be multiple drivers as we move forward. 
Karleen Oberton: Yes. I would say we've been very intentional into really smooth out that business and really move away from the boom bust of a life cycle replacement -- replacement cycle. And as we've talked about, we've had many software and other upgrades to the gantry system over the past several years, all of which have been backwards compatible to that installed base. The customers have been able to get improvements and upgrades along the way. They don't have to wait for that next gen gantry. But having said that, we certainly have something in development, but that's what we'll be talking about later, probably in '25. 
Karleen Oberton: Yes. So I think if we go back to 2019, we would say that less than or about 20% of our customers were running about 4 more assays at the end of that into '22, that was probably approaching high 30%, maybe 40%. But I think that's the entire installed base. But I think the other metric I'd look to -- point to is the newer Panthers that were placed since April of 2020. So new customers acquired since the pandemic over 90% of those customers are running at least one other assay and over 55% of running at least 2 other assays.  So I think that all points to the value, the workflow that our customers see with the Panther instrument in the menu and the long runway ahead to continue to drive utilization on the installed base. 
