Jayshree Ullal: Sure. Thanks, Samik. Well, as you know, Arista's cloud titan performance is consistent with the cloud CapEx reporting. In other words, some are experiencing strong spend, some are declining and others are cautious. So, given all the pluses and minuses, I think it's safe to say that for the year, we expect a flattish cloud titan spread. And this is actually an improvement because we've been saying flat to down. So of course, we’ll monitor this closely. As you know, we never have long-term visibility on cloud titans. It's quarter-by-quarter. So we'll inspect more closely, especially for the second half. Now in terms of the cloud specialty providers, they were actually stronger trend for us in Q1. It's pretty cyclical in nature. It depends on different tier 2 cloud providers. Each 1 has a unique architecture. We had a somewhat weak specialty cloud providers in 2019, but they’ve started off well for us in Q1 and Q2. And over time, it will be a matter of economics and what makes most business sense for them. I believe some of them will succeed in specialized use cases. But once again, we're going to keep a watch and monitor this closely in the second half.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Sure, Tim. So to answer your broad question on enterprise sector, I think Arista's brand is very well recognized for data center. And with our 6,000-plus customers, we've got very good recognition there from a differentiated product. And we've already been very engaged with them. So, customers we’ve been engaged with, in fact, we had most recently in February, just a little before all the doors got shut down on us, we were engaged with over 100, 150 enterprise customers. And we had a global advisory and Arista innovate. So our intimacy with enterprise customers is very high, and we continue to do well with them with both existing and new projects. I think where we will be challenged in the enterprise and also in the campus is new prospects. We're not going to get enough face time with them. We're doing a lot of virtual webinars, virtual events, virtual ebCs, it's a virtual world we're certainly living in. But the level of contact for both, product capability conversation, relationship, partnership and in fact, even testing, for both new prospects and enterprise and campus will be challenging. And nobody is in the building to upgrade their campus either. So this COVID-19 will definitely delay our enterprise cycles for new prospects, but it should be okay for new projects with familiar customers.
Jayshree Ullal: And Ita and I want to reiterate something, we will absolutely continue peddle metal invest in key R&D and customer support. We will reduce marketing travel, obviously, since we can't travel and perhaps some IT spending. And so we work on what we can control and manage the business. And if it improves, we'll certainly recalibrate and invest more.
Jayshree Ullal: And it is a special slide for you guys, slide 15, I think it is good as, that's right? It’s a similar manner.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay, Jason, I think both cloud and enterprise performed as we expected, in Q1. We -- if there was a theme in Q1, which becomes a stronger theme in Q2, I would say, supply constraints in supply chain. Our verticals were pretty normal as expected. In terms of campus timelines, we are on target. We are committed to $100 million revenue in the first four quarters that ends Q2 2020. No change there. But we do expect that the acceleration, I would personally like to see beyond that in the second and third year, we now have to wait and see due to COVID.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. So to answer that question, Ittai, we did our best in Q1, but we got supply-constrained in March. I think we will be really supply-constrained in Q2. So I do think Q2 is a case of less about demand and more about supply-constrained.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. Thanks, Simon. First of all, it's important to understand that our $100 million campus target is $100 million. Its small compared to our overall business. We do believe that we can naturally go into our existing customers, who already know EOS and CloudVision. But as I said last year, we were pleasantly surprised by the new prospects and interest in campus. So in a non-COVID environment, I would have expected 60% existing customers and 40% new prospects. In the current environment, I think we're going to go back to a comfort level where our familiar customers are more likely to spend with us. And our new prospects will take time. So it will probably be 70%, maybe even higher on familiar and existing customers in 2020, which was not the trend we were on Q4 last year.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. So first of all, 400-gig, we believe, is truly for our high-end enterprises, semi providers cloud, and very, very high in enterprise, quite the opposite of campus. And as we said before, we expect early 400-gig trials will be in the late 2020 time frame. And actually, material production, general availability due to low cost, lack of cost-effective 400-gig optics and even some of the COVID issues will be in 2021. Nothing has really changed there, but we continue to see that. Now we did have some exciting product announcements. In 400-gig, we introduced the Arista OSFP line card, which is really a low power, a highly compact, plugable Arista OSFP form factor for simplifying DWDM for distances up to higher than 20 kilometers. We also demonstrated interoperability with Sienna with their most dense and spectrally efficient 400-gig and Arista Switch. So our 400-gig trials definitely are continuing with existing customers and cloud titans. But as we've always said, we expect - just to put this in context for you, in Q4, the number of 400-gig ports according to market researchers is 5,000 ports. However, the 100-gig ports was several millions, so there's 1,000x magnitude difference between the two. And I don't think that's going to change in the near term.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. So I think we have yet to experience the full impact of COVID-19, I think we'll see much more of that in the second half. So if I look at Q1, we experienced it at the tail end, mostly in terms of our supply chain. And if I look at Q2, we'll still be very supply chain constrained. So I think we understand Q1 and Q2 better, and both of them were -- Q1, as you know, is seasonally slow quarter for us. It really picks up theme in March, and we couldn't pick up enough theme, because we couldn't ship enough. And that theme is going to continue into Q2. So Q2 is all about shipments. We do see, as we said, good strength in the cloud titans, and we see reasonable demand in Q2, but I think our real worry is second half.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, I think the first quarter is done, but you can tell, we projected lower than consensus. You can count all of that and more as supply chain that and more as supply chain related.
Jayshree Ullal: First of all, we do see cloud titan use case demand in basically three areas. Either our customers are adding additional core or spine capability or they're expanding racks to increase their server density or in some cases, we're also seeing some geo expansion for their international needs. Although some of them have been ordered from the United States, increasing our U.S. titans contribution. So I think the use cases for us is very, very clear. What we also see is that because we have long lead times that Anshul and the team are working very closely on really understanding and sharpening their forecast and timing and working with us on scenarios and contingencies. So I think when they are starting to look at their 2020 deployments, they're not just looking at Q1, Q2, they try to give us visibility for the second half as well. And so while we have not factored any of that into our Q1 or Q2 forecast, we are seeing them doing some very prudent planning and for business continuity in their 2020 time frame.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. No, thank you for that. We have been marching towards more and more product capability. In fact, we just introduced EOS software release 4.20.4, very targeted towards cloud grade routing and service provider paring use cases with a single EVPN control plane and segment routing and MPLs on the data plane, just a chalk full of features, BGP, flow aware, transport label, NPLS, segment routing, traffic engineering. What I can tell you is we're getting richer and richer in our product capability. But what I can also tell you is service providers take time to operationalize these things in their network. We are doing okay in our already existing service provider customers, and we are starting to win some small Tier 2 and Tier 3 ones, small ones, but too early to call and too early to say much more about it.
Jayshree Ullal: So Eric, I would classify it in two ways. I think the large enterprises that are already intimate with Arista and need to make incremental enhancements. We're okay. They are familiar with us. They know how to work with us. We are supporting them. They are our systems engineering team, led by Ashwin, our Sales Team led by Chris Schmidt have tremendous amount of engagement with our existing customers, right? So I don't see a dramatic change yet in sales engagement or product differentiation. Where I do see difficulty is prospects. So we're having a tremendous amount -- we have been having a tremendous amount of new customer logos. And our new customer logos continue to be healthy and we gather steam, especially internationally, where we have 60% of our new customer logos come in. However, to convert them, especially into large deals and large enterprises requires large group of concepts. Number of network design clinics and obviously, were slowdown due the lack of face-to-face. So we're spending more time with them training, educating than we are able to do in deployment, whereas with our own existing familiar enterprise customers, we can march forward with more progress.
Jayshree Ullal: Meta, that's a good question. And I said before, it depends on the Tier 2. We know some of the larger Tier 2s have paused, and it's not that they're going to the public cloud, but they're just pausing their spending. Others are expanding their data centers and some of the smaller ones are continuing for their specialized applications. So it's my belief that they will continue to succeed in their special use cases and complement the public cloud, but it will be cyclical. They didn't do much of it last year and I think some of them are coming back this year. And what we are seeing is the specialty clouds are realizing that some of the workload, they can control better and some belong in the public cloud. So I don't -- I think they'll continue to have a place. And in fact, a good example of that was content delivery network guide. We saw improved traction with the CD customers, and there's some real real-time streaming and content delivery, particularly with work from home with the millions of users and the aggregates of 4K and 8K flows, you can see why they would make some important investments there.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Pierre. I would say in a short answer is no. We've always had a very nice mix of value products with the Tomahawk and Trident family connecting to servers. Sorry, the volume product and then the value products with the Jericho family with the 7,280 and 7,500 flagship, so depending on the use cases, customers opt for both. They're both very, very popular products, and both are currently challenges the lead times as well. It's not so much that we're seeing a change in product mix. I would say the biggest change we're seeing is people are doubling down on 100-gig and 400-gig is getting pushed out next year in the cloud.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Maybe let me take that first. I mean that's kind of -- that's a onetime thing where -- when things are constrained, it's a good opportunity to go look at what you an inventory and sale some stuff that maybe we haven't thought we would. But I think we're through most of that now. So that's why I think the guide for gross margin comes back to the typical a 63% to 65%, and then it will just be driven more by customer mix than anything else, right.
Jayshree Ullal: No, I think for Arista, because our presence internationally is somewhat new. We are feeling stronger in terms of our investment in sales and different countries. So country-by-country, we feel better about Europe now than we did, say, even a year or two ago. What I think is the difference between Europe and the United States is, they don't have the equivalent of cloud titans. And we haven't won major service provider titans. So we tend to have smaller wins, but many customers. And I think that's -- but country-by-country, the level of engagement, in fact, my -- our entire executive team was at a Europe customer session last -- was it last November? We were all there. It seems like forever, but it wasn't that long ago. And the level of intimacy that the team has developed with our customers especially in the developed countries Germany, U.K., France, Middle East, even Israel has been very strong. So I think the European customer base is embracing Arista for its differentiation and value add. But we just don't have the size of customers we do in the U.S.
Jayshree Ullal: That is similar, very similar we don't see the difference, at least not in Europe. In Asia we tend to see some but not in Europe.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, it's difficult to speculate since we have supply chain issues. But -- and the reality is different than the theory.
Jayshree Ullal: I mean, we saw a little bit of incremental spending in Q1, but it was very small. We will see some in Q2. But again, I think it's manageable at this stage, right? Again, I'd go back to the 63% to 65%, and we'll be - the midpoint of that range is a good place to start, and then we'll see how we go. So there is some incremental costs because you're prioritizing supply over some other things, but at least in the first half, we don't see something that's really significant.
Jayshree Ullal: Right. So Alex, that's a good question. I think our enterprise decision-makers and key executives are struggling within once in 100-year phenomena, just the way we are, right? They all do have 2020 plans and deadlines. And they would very much like to work with Arista and overcome the supply constraints to meet them. And I believe they will. I believe they'll also take -- many of them will also take not just a 2020 horizon, but a multiyear horizon. And start thinking about how to plan for projects in this virtual world. So we do see some systematic prudent planning. And while we don't have visibility to that demand, we don't think demand will be challenged significantly if they plan prudently. Where we think demand will be challenged, like I said before, is new projects. People are familiar with Arista, people who have to do a lot more testing with Arista, people who love Arista, but haven't had a chance yet to get their hands on it. So that part of enterprise customers – may be more comfortable with doing nothing or being as is. But certainly, the 6,000-plus customers we engage with really, really want to work with us, and we'll continue to plan their projects this year or next year
Jayshree Ullal: Okay, I will try and answer the question you are sounding very muffled, Paul. Maybe you're wearing a mask. But if I understood the question, what does the competitive landscape look like with cloud titans and I would just sort of generically say that our fundamental thesis is unchanged. We're not seeing major competitive issues or architectural shifts. In fact, if you look at the recently released market data from both Deloro and Creehan, it validates our number one spot in 100 gig. And for the third consecutive year, we are doing that, where we are the number one market share in 100 gig. And we continue to increase market share into the high teens for high-performance data center switching. So, we are pleased with our progress year after year, including 2019. Anshul, I'd like to call you to see if there's any specific titan issues you want to highlight.
Jayshree Ullal: Paul, this is a good time for me to highlight -- the work Anshul has been doing. As you know, we have a rich long history in open networking. And today, Arista just introduced a switch abstraction interface, working so that we can work with our best-of-breed platforms and an abstraction layer for cloud titans and who can now use Sonic on top of our Arista SAI. And this is another example of the close collaboration Anshul is mentioning.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. On 1 hand, we are always paranoid and concerns. That's our nature, and we should be that way, and we want to continue to deliver the best of the best. On the other hand, we have no particular concern or no change in concern or no radical shift in the competitive landscape.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Ashu. That's great. The DCI and routing use cases cannot be underestimated. And they truly redefine the Internet.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, Woo Jin, you really bring up a good point here. We tend to talk about data center and campus and all of these different use cases. But our customers are thinking more and more operationally. It's great to have a box. But how to ignite that box with the right operational capabilities is very, very important. And so when you look at it, you're absolutely right, day zero, day one, day two, zero touch automation, one click for the campus, data center, huge topic. The other one and this is why we bought Big Switch is not only are we igniting real-time streaming telemetry and cloud vision. But we're really extending that into the observability and network package relative space and we're very pleased with the sort of sum of data analyzer, cloud vision and now fix iCH to extend our dance monitoring fabric. So that trial or combination is going to be very important 50% energy so our enterprise conversations are going beyond that’s complete platform to much more operational automation analytics, availability and in the future security and segmentation as well.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I think it's too early to say it's because of the pandemic. They were going on anyway, but I think the importance of them becomes greater if the pandemic continues longer. Right now, I think we're getting more hammered on supply chain, but if we overcome that, I think we'll get much more on automation and analytics. Last question.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I mean, I'll take that one first, maybe just -- yes. No, I think we are preserving kind of employee talent. That's probably our most important resource and we’re definitely focused on doing that and reading. We’re looking at other areas, other more variable expenses, onetime type expenses that we can manage hopefully, in a near-term window and preserve kind of employees and the talent base.
Ita Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I think, Alex, it's a focus on just OpEx and investment levels, until we understand better kind of what the rest of the year. How the rest of the year plays out, right? And so, you should expect to see us kind of cut back on some of the variable expenses, et cetera, and come back to spending that looks similar to where we were for 2018. And then, as things unfold, we can change that, right? But for now, that's the focus.
Ita Brennan: Yeah. I think in the investor deck, we've put some trends around what the split has been. And how it's looked and we put a range in there for kind of how it played out during the year right during the past year, right? So the investor deck is looking at a past year, trend over the prior year. And then, Jayshree's commentary is more short-term. So I think that gives you a range to work with.
Ita Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I think as we sit here today, we would say we're managing it to an overall plus or minus 2018 total OpEx number, right? And again, obviously, as we know more, Ittai, as we go through the year, we will continue to address that further. But for now, that's how we're seeing it.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I mean I think, Jeff, if you look at where we came out for the first quarter on revenue versus our guidance, so that it gives you some idea of the magnitude of that, right? I'm not going to try to do that from Q2 at this stage.
Ita Brennan: Yes. And John, to answer your question on our extended lead times, I'm not sure we saw a trend on verticals. What we did see is that our key customers worked very closely with Anshul and Chris and Ashwin to really sharpen their forecast and timing and work closely with us on their network designs and what products are available, what's not, when can we ship, what to them? And this is - I hope these are famous this last words, but I hope we can - John McCool and Christopher Schmidt and team are really working hard to overcome this. And should we improve this in Q3. I think we will have a chance to fulfil a lot our key customers’ needs and factor that into their 2020 deployment considerations. But I didn't see anything by vertical. I saw it more by top customers.
Ita Brennan: Yeah. Obviously, there are constraints, right? But I don't know that we concise those at this point, right? There's a lot of movement to better.
Anshul Sadana: No, absolutely. I know there's been a lot of commentary about other components that go into the cloud where there's compute, other pieces and so on. And it's hard to correlate one-for-one, especially in this time frame because some of the spike in those other components is coming because of shortages in previous quarters if you remember that. So as a result of that there might be some volatility and you will see some spike up on computers on. Networking has been stable. As Jayshree mentioned, we saw constraints towards the end of Q1 but prior to that things was stable. They were not short on networking gear and so on. I do wonder I had one last comment on the traffic needs. And there’s a lot of commentary on the street and how traffic is growing and spiking up and work-from-home and so on. We have to keep those trends in mind relative to the overall cloud capacity. And yes, working from home, means may need videoconferencing or phone calls or edge connectivity. But that's a very small fraction of the overall cloud spend in the broader markets. So yes, sometimes traffic quadrupled or grow 7x in certain regions. But that's less than a 1% impact to the overall spend. So I would say there's some hyper on that rather than material impact to us. But as mentioned, things in the cloud are stable. And now we'll focus on second half with them.
Anshul Sadana: No, Jayshree, and as we've said before, Paul, the level of sort of joint development, we continue to do with these customers including Microsoft, is still pretty intense. So, we're not overly worried. Yes, these are competitive environments that will continue to be so. But there's no major shift.
Anshul Sadana: Yes. Then the way to look at the cloud and I know the cloud titans they started with data centers with compute and storage. And then moved down to different types of apps and are continuing that journey. And the next phase of investment in this pace now view there will be more at the edge by edge I don't mean directly just edge computing, but think of thousands type of make me please so the telecompany I think continue to invest in that area. And then connect that back into the tenant space in their large data centers. And these networks of different kinds being built or will continue be built in the next few years. With different types of overlays and encryption and mapping from one tenant space to the other and so on. I think that's very significant, because in the longer picture, if you look at it five, 10 years from now, we will look back and say, wow, this is how the cloud companies re-stitched the Internet. And I think those are some of the most strategic projects in the next few years.
