Liz Stine: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us, with me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal third quarter ending September 30 2021. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at our website.  During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the Fourth Quarter of the 2021 fiscal year. Longer-term financial outlook for 2022 and beyond. Our total addressable market and strategy for addressing these market opportunities.  The potential impact of COVID -19 on our business, product innovation the imply of supply -- the impact of supply shortages and manufacturing constraints on our business, including lead time and inventory purchases, and the benefits of acquisitions, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC. Specifically and our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements.  These forward-looking statements apply as of today, and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Liz Stine: Thank you Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista Earnings Call. Due to time constraints, I would like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question. Thank you for your understanding. Operator, take it away.
Liz Stine: This concludes the Arista Q3 2021 earnings call. We have posted a presentation which provides additional information on our fiscal results, which you can access on the Investor section of our website. Thank you for joining us today.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Samik, for the good wishes. It's a proud moment, and I really congratulate my entire leadership team and my employees for getting us here. I think demand is very strong, as I mentioned in my audio script, across all 5 verticals, across all 3 product lines, and across all 3 sectors as well.  So, I would not -- I would tell you we are growing in that -- what Ita highlighted as our 25% annual growth -- every sector is growing. In some ways, I feel bad that I even have to rank and rate them, but if you ask me to highlight some of the growth vectors, I would say obviously Cloud Titans are back; we had a rough spell if you remember, two years ago, Halloween was not a treat, it was a trick.  And it's just come back and it is a volatile sector and its positively volatile right now. SiSo we're lver enjoying the growth of Cloud Titans, we're also enjoying many pieces of our enterprise market growing. And they really sell verticals there that are doing very, very well, not just the financials, but different parts of the enterprise. I think it's fair to say Arista has arrived in the enterprise.  We've been growing double-digits for a couple of years, and we expect to continue to see double-digit growth in the enterprise sector, and this is by far our largest momentum of all the verticals I would say. But not -- as I mentioned, a lot of routing use cases -- these routing use cases are not only in the Cloud Titans, but are obviously also in-service providers and enterprises as well. So, we're just enjoying very diversified momentum of our business at the moment.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure, I will say some few words and Ita you could add to that. I think because of these kind of long lead times on our components, first thing Ita and the team are doing, Ita and the entire team are planning ahead. And we're normally, like me said building to forecast on orders, but really building to a future demand. Visibility becomes very important in that case, because it's normal 1 or 2 quarters.  The Cloud tightness visibility has improved a lot this year. Typically, it used to be one to two quarters, right now, it's more like a year or more. This is the best visibility we've ever had with the Cloud Titans, that's allowing us to build up inventory and to build a plan and to get ahead if you will. In the enterprise as well, nobody's lead times are very good right now and we're no different.  Although we talk and we believe we have a head start by starting on this problem as early as last year, we've several -- hundreds of suppliers and we've had to increase our strategic interface with these suppliers to -- and make again, that's on them long term. Visibility in the Enterprise is also 6 months to a year. Visibility in the Cloud and specialty cloud providers is now exceeding a year. So, in general, we're now able to plan to buy components well ahead of the purchase orders and forecasts.
Jayshree Ullal: I would say all our customers are very understanding, but nobody is willingly accepting price increases, including the rich Cloud Titans.
Jayshree Ullal: First of all, I just want to give a big shout out to Anshul, John McCool, Susan Hayes, and the entire manufacturing team. Let me just step back, Jim, and thank you for the kind wishes. The traditional model for everybody has been built to forecast, lead times are based on supplier commits, there's some buffers, but most of it is just-in - time. And very rarely does anybody pay for expedites. If you look at supply chain in 2022, first of all, expedites are a way of life. It doesn't matter which  it is.  You have to plan not just weeks ahead, but months ahead. Often you can get de -commits from suppliers. There’re shortages across-the-board. There's lots of orders, there's no buffers. Everybody is coming at them sometimes and we used to think the high-tech industry is special, but some of the Cloud components we're talking about, we compete with the automotive industry and the consumer industry which makes it tougher.  And it isn't surprising at all to see expedites involve not just CEO has been heads of countries literally. That's how rough it. So, it's a very oversubscribed process. We thought we got a head start by starting. When was it? Either late last year when I trained the team put together a plan. So, we've definitely had heads. And if things have gotten better, we would be well ahead of everyone. But these things keep getting worse.  So now the head start is good, but we have to add to that head-start and hence the doubling of the inventory. And without naming any vendor just say, we've increased the strategic nature of our relationship with not just one or two vendors, but 25% of our vendors. This is a much larger, relationship pool and we're committing to them long-term they're committing to us, but both of us have to be patient and understanding of the short-term troubles we have.
Jayshree Ullal: I'm just checking to see, but there was 400-gig revenue overall. As I told you last time, we have increased our customer logos in the 400-gig category from 75 customers. last year to over the first half was 150 and trending to about 300 customers, so the definitely 400 gigs. I need to double check on whether there were any 200 gigs. Let me beg off the question.
Jayshree Ullal: And again, I'll do some at it, but the analyst day, but. First of all, I think our relevance in the enterprise customer has increased from data center, Goodyear, much broader portfolio that's client to cloud going all the way from campus Wi - Fi.  designs for the data center to routing and a very large  software well, everything from ACare to Cloud Vision, to Cloud US  software, as well as our acquisition of Big Switch and Awake now contributing as well to segmentation, observability, and security as well.  So, the completeness and the innovative nature of our close portfolio has helped. The second thing that's helped is our Power of One, if you will. One OS, one image, one Cloud Vision. Customers just love that, not just the innovation, but the quality and support of not having device silo boxes, but having an innovative and much better operate experience with a much lower TCO.  And finally, at the enterprise customers, these got -- we have now -- much as we talked about products, we have invested in customers. Our investment and sales led by Krishna and Ashwin Kohli and the entire team worldwide really began in 2017. This is our third or fourth year of enterprise investment, and I think we're not seeing the results of that. The first and second year and we were kind of getting in and we're just coming into the campus. And now I think we're coming onto our own in a complete holistic fashion.
Jayshree Ullal: And I want to echo what Ita just said. We're not going to get excited about backlog. We're going to get excited about deploying our customers with real revenue. And some of the backlog may materialize and remember, they're cancelable orders; some of them may not.  It's best to be responsible as a Company, as we always have been, and share with you that demand is certainly outstripping supply, no question about that and we're going to work hard as hell on fulfilling the supply and improving the supply.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, and to ask your question on 2023, I guess I would say stay tuned for the analyst day, we'll try and give you a better visibility on 2022 and give you a sum of visionary statements on 2023 and beyond.
Jayshree Ullal: Both very good questions and related to each other. I would say, this year with all the supply chain issues, much more of our share gains is coming from Enterprise and Cloud Titans. Just getting our fair share from our peers in the industry, not necessarily white-box. If you fast -forward to later years, I do think Arista will have an advantage, not just in product capability, but also in the ability to rapidly supply product probably better than some of the white boxes and Anshul has often alluded to this.  So, the make versus buy decision for many of our Cloud Titan s may shift in the direction of Arista rather than strictly white boxes. We look forward to that. I'm not going to make any guesses on that, but I don't preclude that and neither has Anshul when he's spoken in the past so it certainly wasn't part of the market share gains and the growth this year, but it could be next year.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Pierra. Both again very good questions I'll take the second one first, I think Arista 's presence for most part until recently has been intro data center. But what has been phenomenon to watch my Cloud Titan team do lead by Anshul, Martin, and others, is they use cases, have proliferated, not only outside the data center of a DCI, but routing AI use-cases top of rack use-cases, special customized use cases.  So, both within the datacenter and outside Arista is getting its fair share of opportunity to respond. And then we're doing a lot of proof-of-concepts and testing work with them. Regarding the plot Titan capex spend, we're always surprising on the numbers actually come out of because they are in billions and, of course, they're nowhere close to the percentage they spend with us necessarily.  But our relationship with Facebook takes back now at useful five-years, we have done joint development with them in the FBOSS and we've jointly developed products with them. We have shared with you in the past that we're developing our next-generation of product with them, the 200 gigs. We were pleasantly surprised, but we were not completely surprised.
Jayshree Ullal: Aaron, we see this as an important investment to the business. It is a decision that Ita, myself and Anshul, have made very consciously we've got to invest in the business, and we've got to invest in getting product to our customers, we think this is an important part of our decision-making process because of the prolonged situation here with supply chains.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Simon. We will take your virtual high five. I think the campus business has been very relevant to a seat of the table with Enterprise customers. We're now starting to see Enterprise wins and logos where we win the campus before we win a data center because many of these Enterprises don't have large datacenters.  I think the conversations, the strategy, the ability to bring all of the silo datasets together, whether it's in your campus or data center, on the core  is very important and customers are looking to us to build there and modernize their enterprise network.  So, from that standpoint, although the numbers are still small and we're talking about doubling from a 100 to 200, we think it will be extremely relevant strategically with our enterprise for our customers and will grow obviously, in the next few years. There's also a component of channels river still pretty nascent. And most of our success and engagement to-date is direct, albeit fulfilled by channels. But we hope that will change over time and that will add further strength to our campus.
Jayshree Ullal: And finally, Tal, on the campus, we committed to double the $100 million achievement we had last year -- this year. And here we are sitting 2 months away from the end of the year. So, we believe we will  and we will have to set a new goal for next year.
Jayshree Ullal: Right. I think you already mentioned -- you -- that was mentioned already, we continue to believe with the price increase effective November 4th which will really be effective next year by the time customers realize it and see it, that we will be able to offset the escalating cost and our gross margin was depend on mix. And as Ita often said, if we are heavily mixed on the Cloud Titans, we could be on the low-end of the 63 to 65 and pressured on gross margin there. If we're having a mixed on the enterprise, we could be on the mid-to-high-end, like we have been.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure Ben. I think the Cloud Titan behavior will be different than the Enterprise behavior. On the Cloud Titan, you're going to see a much more rapid inflection to 200 gig and 400 gigs, especially in the spine layers and the uplinks at the top of rack. And they've always been an early and faster adopter of speeds in technology, especially within the data center or even datacenter to datacenter.  We are expecting an inflection of 200 gig and 400 gigs. That's -- basically at the start of this year was very challenged with ecosystem and availability of optics and even switches the last year. The year of inflection in my view, is really late this year late this year goes well into 2022 on the enterprise still we expect to have, by the end of this year, 300 customers, 200 and 400 gigs. Primarily 400 gigs, I would say.  And as you know, our customer base is more than 7000, so obviously 100 gig and 400 gigs will continue to co-exist and live happily ever after together. But we will start to see the uptake and adoption of 400-gig in the end -- in the high-end, and early adopters of enterprise as well, like we're starting to see this year. I think the next few years can be best characterized as inflection of new, higher speeds, like two hundred and four hundred and the continuation and adoption of 100 gig in the mainstream enterprise.
Jayshree Ullal: Eric, I'd say we're as constrained on 400-gig components as we are 100-gig components, it's been a factor for all speeds. We're just constrained what can I tell you. But our market share continues to be strong in both. We're doing well in both. I'll flagship platform, the 7800 because especially 400 gig dependents are one of the most popular products.  At the same during my  and 100 gig versions of 7500 and 7800 are very popular too. So, supply-chain, is different for everything. It's not necessarily thinking one speed over the other.
Jayshree Ullal: The optics is actually better than last year in terms of the ecosystem for 400-gig coming up, not different other than that, it's actually improved for 400 gigs.
Jayshree Ullal: It's actually the other way around, George, what we said is all the just-in-time and built to forecast and being extremely disciplined about buying inventory only when the customer puts and in order has gone out the window a little bit. And because of these long lead times, we're having to plan to order well, ahead of the customer orders of forecast, that's what we meant.  It's built to purchase orders to our supply chain, rather than built a customer purchase order. Does that make sense? Since there's still constrained on long lead times. So, we're making a bet that the supply chain constraints, which I hope will eventually improve, will favor those of us who make those kinds of purchase commitment. And so, we're having to get in there early and fast, even before the customer orders come in.
Jayshree Ullal: Most of the Semiconductor components are non - cancelable, but that's just the way the business is run. We've been careful to choose components that we don't need to cancel, like picking new products and taking common componentry across them. We believe there's limited risk in the investment we've made.
Jayshree Ullal: I think there's no doubt that supply is shaping our revenue line right now. Almost more so than demand, right? I think that, that is a factor we are constrained.  So, supply is definitely a factor, I think in terms of looking at the purchase commitments, we are working very carefully with the suppliers and again, we're expanding kind of the breadth of what we're doing. And we are expanding the lead times on the length of time that recovering with those purchase commitments. And I think that's important.  Then again, we're doing it on new products -- newer products that have significant lives ahead of them. So really, the risk we're taking somewhat is tying up some cash etc., it's not because of the lifecycle of the products and stuff. It's not really an obsolescence risk, but it could take some time to burn through that inventory if things change but I think it's a bet that's worth making.  We're making it obviously in consultation and discussion with customers, etc. But it is a longer lead time and then a broader set of suppliers than we'd normally carry. That's why you're seeing that big uptick. We're not only doing it for the components that we used to offer in the past directly, but we're also now doing it for components that would have come to us through the CMs in a normal supply environment.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add out of this, it's hard to be too quantitative when you think about demand and bookings just because obviously the lead times and the time frames are very different. I think from -- just from a business perspective we'll continue to focus on the revenue and the revenue metrics and then the bookings numbers will kind of ebb and flow but obviously right now you are getting a lot of visibility to what's happening with customers just because we need that to be able to drive the types of purchase commitments, etc., we're driving.
Ita Brennan: I think everybody is seeing -- I don't want to talk about a particular supplier, but we are seeing expedite fees, and incrementing costs kind of across the supply base. And you haven't seen those in the gross margins in the Income statement today just because the mix has been more enterprise heavy, and that's been kind of offsetting this. But I think we are -- as Jayshree mentioned, we're in the process of instituting some price increases, etc., to help offset some of those costs, so that will help.  I think we're comfortable thinking about that 63% to 65% range as still being reasonable, but you will see some more volatility quarter-by-quarter just as the mix of the business. The customer mix is still going to be the biggest driver. The other cost we're managing with some of the price increases etc. when we have a heavier Cloud mix in particular corner etc., we will see some lower gross margins and what we've seen over the last couple of quarters.
Ita Brennan: I'm just going to say, Paul, some of the commentary on the deferred is probably relevant here too, where we talked about the deferred balance becoming more Cloud Titan heavy this quarter, whereas before it has been more other verticals, etc., I think that's -- we maybe not have had revenue but we've, probably had activity
Ita Brennan: I think we grew our deferred revenue when me mixed stepping towards Cloud and that includes new products.
Ita Brennan: Yeah, Jason, I know lots of folks have been talking about bookings and trying to put some boundaries around that. I just think it's really hard from a timing perspective. When you have these lead times, of course, you're going to have accelerated bookings and larger bookings. And certainly, we have our fair share of that.  There's no -- it sounds difficult to talk about the business I think in that context, so we're more focused on what can we deploy and we're seeing - and that's how we're running it internally as well. What are the periods where these bookings will get deployed and building our deployment plans?  And that's really what's going to matter. I think when you think about the business that way, the pull-ins and push-outs of the actual booking’s numbers and how much visibility you are getting, etc., becomes less important. Not ducking your question, we have obviously lots of demand. We've talked about the demand that we have, but these are extended lead times, so we're just focused on making sure we understand how it's going to get deployed.
Ita Brennan: I think the best way to think about it is that we've been operating at the upper end of that range for the last couple of quarters. That's definitely a customer mix effect. It's offsetting some of the cost impacts as well, and we've been deferring some of the, as Paul was talking about, some of the larger customer revenue as well.  So, I think I should look forward, kind of outside of these quarters when the mix of the business comes back to something more balanced, I think you will see us back towards the bottom end of that range from time-to-time. I think we believe we'll stay in the range over a long period of time, but there will be quarters where we could be pressuring the bottom end of that range and maybe even break the boss.  I mean, the net range, while for vague and for four quarters, I think we can still be okay. So, there is definitely a customer element of this. There's a cost increase element to this, and we will benefit from some customer price increases here that will help offset some of that, but I think the days of living at the upper end of that range, I wouldn't assume that we can do that on an ongoing basis as you look forward.
Ita Brennan: We've tried to be very transparent with customers in terms of what we're seeing on the cost side and looking for them to help us kind of offset that. So, we're definitely not looking to increase margin or make margin on that, we've been we've been very open and transparent in what we're seeing on the cost side and looking for help to offset that.
Ita Brennan: Let me start. We probably have two dynamics happening. We've seen a push-out of lead times again with the products and the vendor that we were managing directly. That's probably -- I think now our view is that's probably the end of 2022 before we start to see things get better there. In addition to that, we've also seen it kind of broaden out to other components.  And we're now managing vendors directly that would have normally gone through the supply chain, gone through the contract manufacturers, etc., and we're having to engage directly with those suppliers and then that's also driving some increase in those purchase commitments, and we're looking out longer with those suppliers as well.  And so, the combination I think of both of those is making that number increase. We are trying to focus on new products and products that have long life cycles. So that gives us a little bit more leeway there in terms of taking longer -- a longer view. And we'll continue to do that. But I don't think we've  the point yet where things are improving.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I mean, when you make long-term commitments, there is kind of a pricing element to that, but that you have that price base as things start to get better, we'll see how some of that plays out, but they are obviously isn't pricing in the market today in that pricing is kind of what you're making these commitments Athens. But as time, as we've seen over time in the past, when things start to loosen up in some of that can change as lot, but right now it is the commitment to volume and price.
Ita Brennan: It's some combination of all of those, Tal. There are some expedite costs that doesn't end up being period expenses that we've been recognizing. We recognized a chunk last quarter; we had some again in Q3. There are other costs like higher pricing increases at such as that will end up being inventoried and will flow with the inventory, and some of that obviously will burn through the inventory that we have in the supply chain and then we'll start to see those costs.  Those will line up better, hopefully, with some of the price increases that we are passing onto customers as well. It's going to be complex; it won't necessarily be perfect. But as we look at the various different scenarios, there's a better chance of those lining up with the price increases. So that will help offset some of that.
