Curtis McKee: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on today’s call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks’ President and Chief Executive Officer and Ita Brennan, Arista’s Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal third quarter ending September 30, 2020. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at our Web site. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the fourth quarter of the 2020 fiscal year, longer term financial outlook for the 2021 and beyond, our total addressable market and strategy for addressing these market opportunities, the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business, our product innovation and the benefits of recent acquisitions, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Curtis McKee: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time constraints, I’d like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question [Operator Instructions]. Thank you for your understanding. Operator, you may go ahead.
Curtis McKee: This concludes the Arista Q3 2020 Earnings Call. We have posted a presentation, which provides additional information on our fiscal results, which you can access on the Investors section of our website. Thank you for joining us today. And everybody, please be safe.
Anshul Sadana: Thank you, Jayshree. Arista has a been a leader in cloud networking based on our nimble execution, product quality and ability to co-develop with our customers. Cloud companies are highly impressed with the work we've done over the last decade are engaging us more than ever to discuss their architectures for the future. The advent of the facilities and related silicon is driving a product transition. We are winning new RFPs on next gen products, both 100 gig and 400 gig. We have expanded our footprint from data center leaf spine and DCI to now encompass WAN and Edge used cases traditionally supported by legacy routers. While there's a lot of talk about white boxes and 400 gig, our customers have maintained status quo. We have not seen a change in position from this status quo. Customers for used white boxes are continuing to use white boxes. Whereas customers who use Arista switches are continuing to use our products for today and for the future design. If anything, some use cases currently covered by internally developed white boxes may transition to our feature rich products in a few years. Cloud companies upgrade at a massive scale and they're continuing to grow. This scale makes them lean more on us for technology and support. Our cloud customers see immense value in working with us, and we have high customer satisfaction here. Our portfolio is highly competitive and we are being told that we are ahead of competition. Hence it is unlikely that we will see significant share shift. Savvy cloud titans are not influenced by pretty marketing slides. Our R3 Series products have now been quantified by all our major cloud customers for several 100 gig times 400 gig use cases. We will keep marching on. Back to you Jayshree.
Anshul Sadana: Sami, the word has talked about by just from one dimension for many, many years but remember, our customers do that analysis in both directions, not just one. And as their scale grows and their needs grow, the network is getting more complicated. And in certain situations when they reach a point where they need even more functionality than is EV to build internally. And they want to stay competitive in the market and not miss on timing, they do start looking out as well. But as I mentioned, these are future trends that take a couple of years at least to happen. But these are certainly ongoing discussions and issues going on in our space today.
Anshul Sadana: Jason, we're very excited with what they're doing, but not a lot of this is driven by feedback from customers. There's immense interest in the 750 Series, and that's broadening our portfolio. When you look at the Fortune 1000 type of enterprises, they absolutely need high density and high performance even in campus. And yes, there are certain companies thinking that since the employees are not in the office, let's not upgrade our refresh but there are also certain companies thinking that there aren't enough employees in the office, so let's go ahead and refresh. And that's really what's driving a lot of the change in the enterprise as well. But the feature set, consistent POS, CloudVision, automation, a lot of the visibility and the benefits to give to people is important to them. If your video conference has jiggered, you don't want to be debugging in the middle of the day, you need to resolve by itself and move on and those are the capabilities we deliver with our products.
Anshul Sadana: Ittai, I wouldn't say that the Facebook server refreshes in our guidance model, but all of our cloud titan network plans for the next year are in our models. Let's decouple that a little bit and then we have the data we have today from our customers for using that. So we're confident that there is growth coming back next year on that side.
Anshul Sadana: Jayshree, you actually are right. With IoT and sensors and campuses and work environments, the monitoring is going to be very, very different. And there's an unmet need in this space today and I think a way with a very well with the AI technology as well as Big Switch in the market side.
Anshul Sadana: Simon, while we haven't talked about 200-gig broadly, there are certain customers looking at these types of technologies. And since we're staying with the four lean architecture at [4550]. The good news is all of the products we mentioned, the R3 series, some in the [7060] series, some in the 7300 series, all of them support not just 400-gig but also 200 gig. So we are aware of the need in certain cases of 200-gig now very, very well poised to actually grow or benefit from that as well.
Anshul Sadana: This is a bit too early to say where the DPUs will come disrupt or is there a lot of marketing in terms of offload engines. Remember, offload engines, especially on servers, have been around for many, many years and this might have special instruction sets for the new types of outlooks the world is looking at. But so far, we don't see any major impact to networking like us, maybe even a benefit because that drives the change in architecture and actually helps us compare from the incumbency.
Jayshree Ullal: I think when you look at the foundation and fundamentals of Arista, they didn't change. We've always had superior products and very strong customer traction. But I think we got our customers and Arista got used to the uncertainty of COVID, and COVID became a new norm, and people have to start planning their spends. So we saw a very balanced and customer traction across all our verticals and all our sectors in Q3. Whereas I wouldn't say the same for Q2 and Q1, whereas we were still figuring things out. So I think the combination of an unchanged strategy, a highly differentiated product and we're just winning in every sector. And there's no silver bullet but humming on all four cylinders gives us a newfound confidence.
Jayshree Ullal: I'll try. I mean, I came from the semiconductor world two decades ago. But as you know, there's been a lot of semi consolidation in video arm, Maxim, analog digital and now Marvell Inphi. I think the way to look at this is semiconductor companies are -- the large ones are trying to get larger and the smaller ones are producing some real innovative technology but need scale. We are very impressed with Inphi. They've been an important partner for us and they have both very best-of-breed technology in the 30s and optic side, and it's something that Marvell lacks. So hopefully, some of the strength they bring, especially to the cloud will help Marvell.
Jayshree Ullal: I think very observant of you to note that when we say it's 20% of our business, it's not just services, it's software renewals and subscriptions. So it's already starting to have a contribution. Can it be greater, greater than 20, 25? Yes. It would be harder to be 30 and 40, especially with the cloud titans, because cloud titans tend to think they can and they have the resources to build many of these tools themselves. So I would say all the other four verticals are more likely to embrace our software subscription while the cloud titans may take it in bits and pieces. They would take it in components but not an entirety. But I certainly think this segment where we can have subscription multiyear contracts is an important part of our triad stool of core networking, adjacent networking and network as a service capability.
Jayshree Ullal: So first, remember, again, services includes many of our software subscriptions and multiyear contracts. So it's not just services whereas product is very clearly perpetual product. So look, I think the comps with deferred revenue never helped us from last year to this year. But I wouldn't read too much into the trend, except to say we're getting stickier with services and software, and we can only do better with product.
Jayshree Ullal: No, I think -- I hope you noticed our upbeat tone, especially Anshul's. We started the year saying it will be flat to down and then we’ve said it will be flattish. And at this point, I think we're feeling like cloud can be a growth -- cloud titans can also grow next year.
Jayshree Ullal: Jeff, I think Ita said this best. We expect cloud titan trends to improve in 2021, based on both the CapEx projections, which for us isn't a huge indicator because we're a small number. But bulk of these deployments will be 25-gig, 100-gig and even some 400-gig. I think the white box and the overall competitive landscape, much as everyone fears it, is unchanged. And we're seeing a status quo and look forward to share gains in new roles in campus, data center routing and cloud.
Jayshree Ullal: It's difficult to break it down, as I've always told you, because routing and switching off go together. But what we saw as a trend is we've always sort of aimed for the big elephants or the Tier 1 service providers, and those take time. But we started winning, particularly this year, we turned the corner on winning a lot of Tier 2 and Tier 3 providers, not only in the US, but internationally. And these use cases tended to be telco cloud. Some of them were just very happy with the multi-vendor combination of EVPN, BGP stack from us. Some of them were peering use cases. So these are all classical routing use cases with better disruptive economics, programmability, resilience and routing features that they have come to know and love from others but that they could get better from us. And then also, we're doing very, very well in the cloud customer base as well. We have been for some time. So the combination of all this to say that routing is not just with the service providers, it is now permeating all our five verticals.
Jayshree Ullal: If we know the service providers as well as you do, it's never one feature. It's a long list of them. So we've been working it for four to five years, and I think the combination of it has led to more success. But there's always one more feature to do, George, as you know.
Jayshree Ullal: Rod, I'll just say it feels good to be back after a tough few quarters. The enterprises love our product and they want to buy more. And if anything, I would say opposite of pull in, we're still slightly supply constrained versus demand and are experiencing some shortages that will hopefully improve by the end of the year. So no pull-in for sure.
Jayshree Ullal: Jim, thank you for the question. As you know, the CapEx includes building leases, capital. So the networking component is very, very small. Ita and I were talking earlier, as I was with Anshul, too, it's generally less than or around 5%. So it's hard to make any specific decision based on CapEx. But as an overall trend, we are pleased that the CapEx is going up next year but then we'll keep watching this quarter-by-quarter because it tends to be lumpy and volatile.
Jayshree Ullal: I think we have to understand that we are in our second year of campus. And if you look at our competitors, they're in their 10th to 15th or 20th year. They're very mature. So definitely, we've got work to do on go-to-market models. So our first area of focus there is our existing customers. When we have over 6,500 of them, some facilities of them love our EOS and CloudVision and want to use us. The second is we are making more progress on the channel side. We're not signing up everybody, but we certainly see a strong international focus on channels. And I think that will be something we will continue to invest in. And the third is, for the last two, three years, we have been investing in the enterprise go-to-market led by Chris Mit and Ashwin Kohi under Rashman. So we're starting to see the fruits of our labor and just enterprise traction, whether it's in the data center or campus and it's taken us the better part of two to three years to achieve that.
Jayshree Ullal: And on the 750, both Anshul and I have been involved a lot in chassis in our prior lives. I think if there's anything that will be under constraint, it's the stackables. Customers are moving to more and more distributed 1RU. And one of the things that probably got a little unnoticed in our announcement today is our 2RU 96 port, which obviates the need for any stampable. And then for the really high-density distributed buildings, which have large employees, large headquarters, you do need 750. You need the investment protection of 100-gig uplinks. You need the density and footprint and power. You need the operational power management. You need the security. You need the always on failover time for rolling upgrades. And I think what's happened, at least in our minds, is the chassis has gone from being a physical cable plant discussion to much more of an automation, visibility, security discussion. You need all the properties that you had in the data center. So that market is coming to us. So we feel good that there's -- it's a new product, it will take time to qualify, but it is a contributor to our number in 2021.
Jayshree Ullal: Aaron, I don't think it's changed much. Of course what happens is you got to get the buildings and the power and the cooling in, then you got to get the servers. And there's typically a one to two quarter lag on the network. And so clearly, the service cycle comes ahead of us, which is why we felt the pain we did last year. Hopefully, we'll feel the gain of it next year.
Jayshree Ullal: I think unlike the cloud, where they will adopt our routing features, even if we're missing one or two and then operationalize it, you know very well, service providers want every bell and whistle. And as I said in my opening remarks, it's taking us the better part of four, five years. We're making very good traction in Tier 2 or 3. Tier 1 is still taking time. But in this year, we have won some early design wins in Tier 1 as well. So the numbers are small. So I think in order to make them break, they need to spend more from us.
Jayshree Ullal: Amit, just to take the question upfront, it is absolutely based on products as we have now organically. We're not factoring any future products or M&A in that discussion. And maybe, Ita, you want to talk about the…
Ita Brennan: I mean, I think, Tal, the services should continue to grow and continue to be a more meaningful piece of the business and layer the software on top of that. And then product is recovering but it is recovering. You can see that in the Q4 guide and into our commentary for next year as well. So I think they're just different drivers at this particular point in time, but they should both start to grow as we go forward.
Ita Brennan: No, I think, Fahad, what we're really doing is we're buffering, again, some of the uncertainties around COVID. And if you look at the Q when we file it, you'll see that a good portion of that increase is still raw materials and components. There was some uptick in the finished goods right at the end of the quarter for particular products but we still have more work to do around expanding that to other products. But our goal is to have sufficient buffers that if we do get some more shocks from COVID that we're able to react and that we're in a better position to react than we were maybe on the first wave. So it really is just a focus around making sure we've got more optionality and flexibility.
Ita Brennan: I think, Paul, we're not going to try to do it by vertical at this point. We feel like there is -- between the campus stuff that you talked about, between the growth and services, cloud has resumed growth and then the rest of the business has also been performing well. I think between all of those drivers, you have multiple different ways to get there, and we'll see exactly how it plays out. And I think we're not going to try to take which verticals we're going to do what at this point.
Ita Brennan: Again, the rationale for the guidance, I think if you look at the various pieces, pretty much what we talked about with Paul a few minutes ago. I mean there are multiple different pieces of the business, and we've seen positive trends across those sectors, not all of those reflected in revenue today. But in the enterprise vertical being good, solid wins that will drive some revenue traction into 2021. And then for cloud, I think we feel like we've got -- we're in the window of starting to understand their plans for next year and feeling more confident around those drivers as well. And then obviously, the rest of the business continues to grow, looking at service software, et cetera, the more ratable piece of the business. So I think those are the building blocks and we like to put those building blocks together in multiple different ways and feel good about the guidance, and that's kind of where we come out for next year.
Ita Brennan: I think on the deferred, it's always difficult to forecast when we'll have customer requirements, et cetera, for acceptance. I mean, it tends to be lastly for some very differentiated or different product set, particularly under the current accounting. So we'll see. It's hard to predict that there would be some of that or not at this point. But it's more difficult to get to a deferred bar. It would have to be a very differentiated product going forward.
Ita Brennan: Yes, Jim, I mean, this is our current view as of today of what we feel comfortable with for 2021, and then we'll see. There's always going to be puts and takes on the CapEx to networking correlation has its challenges, right? So we'll see where it goes from there. That's what we see as of today.
Ita Brennan: I mean, the DSO is actually the biggest driver this quarter was just we exited with a high balance at the end of last quarter, right? We were very back-end-loaded last quarter, and then you can collect against that, and that drives some good traction through the quarter. So I think we were -- Jayshree mentioned, we still have some supply chain constraints we were still receiving in inventory, and you saw that in the accounts payable as well. So we were still a little bit back end loaded through the quarter, but we had a good balance to collect against coming into the quarter. I don't know that I'm going to try to size exactly what the COVID impact is. There is a little bit in gross margin and you've seen that in the product margins. And there's travel, some marketing expenses, et cetera, probably a couple of million or so that comes out of the sales and marketing line because of it as well.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I think on the investment side, with the top line returning to growth, that gives us a lot of room to make those investments and maybe a little bit more than that, we'll see. But we certainly have the growth on the top line to do that. My script did remind everybody that our target model is 35% operating margin. And we're reserving the right to do that, should we find the right investments to make. And we'll be very metric-driven around that as we go forward. But that's kind of the target model longer term. In the meantime, we'll have the benefit of top line growth to help with the investments in the near term.
Ita Brennan: Yes. No, that's exactly what it is. I mean, it's almost all services now and it's really going to move around more by the term and the timing of just those renewals, whether I renew one year or three years, it doesn't really make any difference in the business but it will show up in that deferred revenue line item. The revenue will still be pretty consistent, because you're recognizing it over time. But the deferred line will move around. So if we have a big renewal on a multiyear contract, that number is going to go up. As we renew just one year and come back to do the next later, it won't increase or it might decline slightly because we're recognizing some of that revenue. So it's going to move around a bit but it's not a business driver. It's just more how are we negotiating and closing out.
