Charles Yager: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks' President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the release of its fiscal first quarter 2018. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company's website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks' management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the second quarter of the 2018 fiscal year, industry innovations, our market opportunity and the impact of litigation, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-K and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today, and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Charles Yager: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time constraints, I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question.
Charles Yager: Okay. That was our last question. This concludes the Arista Q1 2018 earnings call. I also want to mention that we have posted a presentation, which provides additional information on our fiscal results, which you can access on the Investor section of our website.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. And then, just to take your first question, Rod, I think there is still some 945 certification-related deferred there, it's small. And then there are some other unrelated stuff, just normal kind of feature delivery type deferred that's in the balance sheet. So that number is now going to be much smaller, and it will rotate just based on features and value of features as we make commitments in particular contracts going forward.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. So, on the first one, I think the commentary was that for the balance of the year, but for the remainder of the year we would say we think the mid-20s is a reasonable way to think about the growth rate. Right? So not incorporating the Q1 growth rate. And then, on the ASC 606, it's really a balance sheet reclass. It's kind of on a technicality where we have some prepaid subscriptions and we're required to record it as a contract liability as opposed to deferred revenue, right? So, it's really just a relocation on the balance sheet from deferred to two other contract liabilities, so not flowing through the P&L.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. But let me remind you, Jeff, that cloud was strong from a momentum and from a demand perspective in Q1. So, I think – It's typically strong, and we saw that again this quarter.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I don't think that we're going to try to do that. I mean, obviously, there are a number of very different scenarios as we move through the year where we'll see strong demand in some cases with others. We've set our guidance based on a number of different potential outcomes, but I'm not going to go and try and lay out a single case here.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, if you look historically, the mix factor has tended to be, if we have a lot of cloud or large customers, then obviously they have better and more competitive pricing and that tends to drive a lower gross margin.
Ita M. Brennan: Erik, I'll take the last piece first. I mean, we don't disclose backlog. So we're probably not going to get into that. I think our comments are – we did say that we felt good about momentum in the quarter and we felt good about the demand across the business in the quarter. But we're not going to actually disclose the backlog numbers.
Ita M. Brennan: Mark, we don't talk about 10% customer concentration in the quarter, but we certainly let you know at the end of the year. What I did say for the quarter is that there were five verticals, and four out of the five verticals contributed to our top 10 customers, which was cloud titan, enterprises, specialty, cloud providers and service providers. Financials is not in our top 10 customers.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I think, if I think about the quarter, the linearity was reasonably consistent, right? We didn't see anything particularly different in the quarter. I mean, the customer mix is a driver. And that will be kind of varied throughout the quarter depending on the quarter. But in terms of overall linearity, I mean, it was pretty consistent. It's a linear business, right, generally on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. It's timing of billings, I would say. I think if I think back to Q4, there were some service renewals that happened at the end of the quarter that would've been sitting in AR and we're...
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, Q1 wouldn't have been affected by that. So you could parse across this, like, a lot of different reasons as to why it moves around a little bit, right? And, obviously, we do that as we drive the collections numbers.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, I think the whole AI space is very, very exciting. It's clearly in very early stages. In fact, just two weeks ago, we were on a road show with our partners: NVIDIA; and storage partner, Pure. And what I would say to that is clearly the importance of AI is to reduce cycle time. And that has a profound impact on the bandwidth performance, capacity and latency of networking. So we derive an indirect benefit as a result of the large amounts of GPU, but still very early stages, I would say, and experimental stages.
Jayshree Ullal: We don't see appreciable change. Obviously, the spine and routing has given us more use cases in the cloud and service provider. But the leaf gives us a lot of ports. So, overall, not much different.
Jayshree Ullal: We can't hear you. You're very muffled. Let's get – let's fix that line, and we'll come back to you.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Ittai. We'll try to do our best going forward. But as you know, some of these verticals are very lumpy. For example, we may do really well in one quarter with service provider or really well in enterprise if we win a large number of enterprise customers. So, in general, all of them are doing well and contributing double digits in terms of segments. So, we hope they all have the possibility of growing...
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah – no, I think, clearly, it was our number two vertical in Q1. And we tend to pull out the enterprise from financials. But if you added the financials, it would have been pretty close to our number one vertical. I would say we continue to do very, very well in the enterprise. Customers are incredibly frustrated and seeking an alternative both for quality and innovation reasons. The size of enterprise opportunities always starts small, and there is a long testing period, but we're pleased with our performance. And our customer gain in Q1 was very strong just like it was in Q3 and Q4 last year.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, if you use the cricket analogy, we're not even in the first inning. But if you use a baseball analogy, I would say we're still between the first and second innings. I think 100-gig is going to prove to be a very strong requirement, not only because we were the first mover last year, but we'll continue to be the first mover for many forms and flavors of it. It's important to understand it's not one product. It's going to permeate the entire cloud networking. And as we start to move more 25-gig and 50-gig into the downlinks with storage and compute, the need for 100-gig moves into the spine, into the datacenter interconnect, into the routing flavors. And so, we continue to believe that we will have large share and build upon our first mover advantage. And we also believe that the arrival of 400-gig next year will only make us stronger in 100-gig. So, the two will go in tandem.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. I mean, I think the biggest driver still for our gross margin is kind of – within that 63% to 65% range is going to be customer mix, right? And as we head into Q2, we believe we will have a heavier cloud, so large customer base mix in Q2 and that's causing us to be a little more cautious around the gross margin guidance – on the gross margin outlook. So, it's really a customer mix. But actually, I think the 63% to 65% for the year, we still feel good about.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Thanks, Hendi. I would have to agree with you that Arista can improve its penetration in the enterprise. It's a huge opportunity for us. And even though we're doing well, we could do even better. Our penetration is both in switching and routing, so we're not seeing low penetration in either. I think our penetration in switching is stronger than routing because routing, especially for the scale of capability we offer, tends to be favored by the larger service providers and cloud providers. But I would say, in general, I would like to see Arista do better, but we're doing very well.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. Just to clarify what Ita said, I couldn't agree more, Mitch. Our cloud gross margins are driven by volume; and volumes drive lower prices and therefore lower gross margins to us. So our cloud titan margin is significantly below the corporate average.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, James. You may remember, I said we hired Manny Rivelo, and the specific goal here especially was to help with international expansion and enterprise. I think we're both investing very well in that and expanding in certain verticals. The M&E vertical is a particularly strong one for us. We just came out of a strong network broadcasting show. But I think we can do even more in the international theaters. As you can see, our ratios and percentages have changed by 5 to 10 points in the last few quarters, but we can do even more. So there's no denying that, similar to the last answer I gave, that Arista's opportunity and execution in enterprise can be even stronger. But as you also know, enterprises are risk averse and only in the last year, I would say, they have started to take Arista seriously. So I would ask you all to be patient in seeing the results just as I'm having to be. But having said that, I fully agree that especially some of the high-performance verticals are going to be strong for us, and I expect to see enterprise continue to be a strong vertical for us.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, I agree with Ita on that. And to answer your question on FlexRoute customers, I think I told you the year-end number last year was over 200. And rather than giving you quarterly numbers, we did do well this quarter. Let me just leave it as I think we're going to double this year.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. That's a good question, Alex. Thank you. If you will recall, we started to make a lot of international investments – when was it? 2015 to 2016 in that timeframe. And I think we're – 18 months to 2 years later, we're starting to see the return on that investment. And not surprisingly, it mirrors our five verticals in the domestic. So, some of it is cloud, but we're pleased with the traction we're seeing both in Tier 2 service providers as well as enterprises. So – and global financials is a good chunk of it, too. So, the only vertical that probably there isn't nearly as much of internationally is Tier 2 cloud providers. They exist more in the U.S. The Tier 2 service providers and cloud providers end up being one and the same for many international customers. So, that should give you a flavor. And so, I think the increased performance is directly correlated to good execution and good planning 18 months ago.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. Hold on. I'll separate the white box question. I am not seeing incremental pressure from my competitors except the normal aggression that I've seen over the last several years and quarters. Specific to white box, this is a customer strategy, not a competitive pressure strategy. As you know, we launched Containerized EOS, and we're fully committed to working with our customers on consumption models that can be virtual, container or physical. So, nothing to do with competition.
Jayshree Ullal: Just – again, I am not seeing any difference in competitive behavior due to white box. And white box adoption, or rather disaggregated EOS, I'm not seeing any shift or change. The same as I told you before.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. James, thank you for the question. So, on the routing question, as I said before, the first sign that the router market has been going through some tough times is the actual market has been shrinking. And I think part of the reason that it's been shrinking is many of my competitor vendor or peers have been talking about an architectural shift. I think it's a shift that's been going on for three to five years – the last three years in switching. And now, more on the switching side of LANs, we've been incorporating routing for some time to come. Nothing new there. The new change is in the white area side, where more and more of the interfaces are moving to ethernet from traditional SONiC or T1 or ATM type of interfaces. In terms of new footprint versus existing, for us, it's all new. It's net new, right? And what we see in some cases is a customer is looking at a specific routing use case for peering or edge or core and still keeping their legacy routers. And if it's a complete greenfield opportunity, then it's brand new footprint, both for the use case and ourselves.
Jayshree Ullal: On the campus, I think I said this before and I will continue to maintain, Arista does not plan to participate in the traditional campus. As things evolve in the campus and they become more and more akin or aligned with Arista's different value-add and differentiated capabilities, we're open to that.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, Simon, the way I look at it – and, Anshul, correct me if I'm wrong, is the pauses in the past.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, sure – No, thanks, Samik. The hyperscalers are most advanced in adopting these kind of disaggregated solutions because you really need developers and development engineers. So, it's more a core development. And therefore, it takes joint work from both sides and joint engineers. In terms of monetization, obviously, we work with them closely to monetize both the work we're doing and also other use cases that tie into that. In terms of use cases outside of the cloud titans, I would say they're single-digit customers. There are very few that have the capability and the investment to do it. But certainly, they're very open when they come to that category and I work with them. But I would say a select few service providers and the large cloud type moves are probably the only ones who have shown both the willingness and the capability.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, exactly. I think they're all getting a little spoiled, Tal, when I happen to start defending our growth rates at 7% off a very large base to be too low. I think you are right to point out that we enjoyed a tremendous amount of confluence of 7500, 100-gig and routing combined with the law of large numbers. I think we're reflecting our best efforts at a very good Q2 guidance and a very good year, if we execute on all fronts. But remember, if you go back to 2015/2016, we had quarters that were at 7% growth. They're much lower numbers. So I'll try not to disappoint you, Tal, but you should be pleased and proud of us.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah – no, good question, Vijay. I think we have been – I have been personally spending a fair amount of time on strategy and to be thoughtful about this is important. If you just go do an M&A and it doesn't integrate well into our EOS, you can actually set yourself back when you're a fast growth company. But if you pick the right adjacencies that work with our DNA, work with our culture and actually add upon our growth, that could be a positive. So, we haven't ruled that out. We continue to look for them. And as you know 90% of M&A activity fails. So, we want to be in that 10% that make it, so it's good feedback and good question and...
Anshul Sadana: Absolutely, Jayshree. The data protection in the cloud is very relevant, not so much with respect to the trademarks, but for things like GDPR or any local laws that exist. So, when you look at the cloud companies, the regions they're building out, you'll see that some of the regions are smaller and localized within Western Europe or one-off countries. That's all the impact that we see. And that's part of the cloud business that we're already in.
Anshul Sadana: Absolutely. I'd want to remind everyone, we've discussed this in the past that for the cloud companies, a datacenter build-out or a resell build-out is a two-to three-year project. And when the networking components land and we see the product bookings and revenue is not exactly in the same month or the same quarter, the lag could be as much as 18 months for the bigger regions. That's why it's very hard for us to forecast this.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. The compute and storage build-outs in the cloud are happening at a steady pace in Q1, for sure. And you can see that as well for our products. In addition to that, nobody has asked so far on the call, but the good news is the cloud customers are no longer constrained on these 100-gig optics. But really not related to our certification. It's just that the rest of the components are also freely available.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. So, that's a loaded question. But I would say the stickiness is not in a given hardware configuration, the stickiness is with the software, how they automate, how they integrate and operationally. And I do believe the stickiness with Arista EOS is very, very strong. And this is not a customer base that is using a product that we ship as a standard product. This is a customer-base that customizes it along with us and for a reason. And this is not a market where someone shows up next day with a cloud that is somewhat similar or maybe one month ahead of someone else, saying I'm ready now. That's not what convinces these customers. What convinces them is something that will solve their day to day problems on automation, or integration, or routing or datacenter interconnect, and I don't believe that the stickiness – the light stickiness you referred to is actually true. It's a very strong stickiness with these customers, but again tied to the operating system and their automation stack, not just the hardware.
