Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, no, I think the way to think about it, Stanley, is that we had talked about the 60% to 65% range as a range over time, and the lower end of that range was always going to be in a situation where we were not only manufacturing and shipping from the U.S. contract manufacturer, but also heavily reliant on the supply chain in the U.S. And that was something that's going to happen over time, right? So I think being in the midpoint of that range, that original range in Q4, that's indicative of the fact that we're shipping a lot of product manufactured in the U.S. in the CM, leveraging some supply chain, but we're still also leveraging prior Asian supply chain product as well.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, I don't know how to quantify it. I will tell you, we're working very closely with customers. We obviously had a record ship quarter in the quarter. And really this is more – we're facing a lot of activity and we're working with customers to figure out how to slot in their demands. So it's very difficult to say, okay was there something that was removed from one quarter to the other? It's more that there's good strong activity and we're working with customers to figure out how to fulfill that.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, so maybe I'll take that first. I mean, so inventory, we had said we'd grow kind of inventory and working capital total around this for about $100 million. If you look at what we actually did, we grew inventory for $40 million plus and then we grew component inventory. It's just showing up differently in the financials by a further $60 million plus. So we achieved about $107 million of incremental, finished goods and component inventory in the quarter, which was pretty much in line with what we had planned to do, right? We've always – so as you look at what's been happening, we've been executing pretty well to the plan, right? We saw the contract manufacturer contribute meaningful revenue in Q3, and they're ramping in Q4, right? So I think more and more of the volume will come from that U.S. plant in Q4, and that's always been part of the plan. As we go beyond that, we still have components that we'll consume, and then we have plans for what happens beyond that, right? And we'll execute on those as we go. But really, there's nothing happening that's different from what we expected and what was in line with our original plans.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, I'm not going to try to go component-by-component or what those plans are, but we've been thinking about this for a long time and we've laid out plans for the various components and needs.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, I mean there's really nothing new, Vijay, and we probably wouldn't expect to see anything new at this point, yeah, right.
Ita M. Brennan: Yes. So to go back to gross margin, Kulbinder, I think what we've always said is that the manufacturing in the U.S. in of itself is not the biggest driver of gross margin, right? So we are migrating to being more heavily dependent on the U.S. manufacturer and that was always the plan in Q4,. And you're seeing some impact of that in the gross margin guidance in Q4. For it to go beyond – go below that, then we would have to have a protracted period of time where we can't import components and we start to leverage the U.S. supply chain more and more, and that's when we would see something like the 60% in the lower end of that range. So I can't tell you exactly what's going to happen here because there's obviously some unknowns, but I think that's the framework to think about it, is if we become more and more U.S. supply chain dependent, then that's when we would hit the bottom end of that range. If we're manufacturing but still leveraging other components, then something similar to what you're seeing in Q4.
Ita M. Brennan: Yes, again, just to take maybe the gross margin one first, right? Again, it depends how things evolve, right? Obviously, we're waiting for – some Customs update, et cetera, as we go through this cycle. Pure manufacturing in the U.S., like we said, is not a huge drag on the gross margin. To hit the lower end of the range that we've talked about, we would have to be in a position where we would be leveraging the U.S. supply chain heavily, right? And that would happen obviously with more time as we have to develop some of those supply chain activities. So I think where we're manufacturing and still using Asian supply chain, you're in kind of the range that we see in Q4. As time goes on, and we don't get access to Asian components, we'll become more and more dependent on U.S. components and that's when you would see the lower end that range.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. It varies by component, Rod. It's very hard to try to put some timing on that. I think what we've tried to do is at least put book-ins on the range, and then we'll update as we go – when we know more.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, so again I think we had put out the range of 60% to 65%, and I think everybody kind of settled in at the midpoint of that range, and that's a good place to be when we're leveraging the manufacturing plans and we've got a mix of component and supply chain between Asia and the U.S., right? And we'll see – that's how it should be for the foreseeable future. If it's protracted and we end up becoming more dependent on the U.S., then I think that's when we would see kind of below that into the 60%ish range that we have put as the bottom metric, right? So I think in an environment where we're manufacturing in the U.S. and where we've got mixed supply chain, the Q4 guide is pretty representative of that. If we become more heavily dependent on the U.S. over time, then that's when you would see it go below that.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, so they're somewhat linked, right? The DSO calc reflects the fact that there was growth in deferred revenue. There was healthy growth in deferred revenue in the quarter. The deferred revenue portion of that is based on acceptances and if we are – saw linearity that favors the back end of the quarter, then that will grow, and we did see some of that, right? So it's a combination of some shift in linearity a little bit, and also, the fact that the deferred revenue grew and I don't see that kind of corrupt the DSO calc a little bit because it's not included in the denominator.
Ita M. Brennan: Again I think we've been – we're seeing increasing demand as we went through the quarter and we were responding to the demand and that's just how the shipments happened.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, again, like I said earlier, we've been thinking about this problem for a long time, and we've laid out plans across the different components. And we're not going to get into those in tremendous detail here.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay, I'll take a bit of that question, Stan. Basically, you should think of our lead times as having gotten worse between Q2 and Q3, but we have every intention to recover in Q4 and Q1. And our component shortages were across-the-board. They were on our switches. They were on our new products. They were on our cables. They were on our optics. They were shortages in 100 gig. So while we've been working very closely with vendors to improve all of them, component shortages definitely plagued it, combined with the fact that we had unforecasted demand. So that combination definitely did not help. On the other hand, I think we've got – our VP of Manufacturing and Ita and the whole team has been working very hard. I'm very comfortable that our vendors are working closely with us, and this will improve in Q4 and get better by Q1. In terms of international trends, I think Ita already covered this. Basically, it fluctuates and it's volatile. It's a strong function of not just our organic international performance, which is doing well, but really our Cloud titans and how they expand globally or don't. So they expanded globally very well in our Q2. They did more United States in Q3, and that's reflected in the numbers. But what I would like you to take away is our international theaters' organic growth is just fine.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. If you recall, Erik, I said with you all that the lead times in Q2 were in the range of 4 weeks to 10 weeks, which was already creeping up. We'd like it to be 2 weeks to 8 weeks and 10 weeks is on the high side. And I would say, in general, it shifted by 20%, 25% higher in Q3. So it's probably more like 6 weeks to 12 weeks in Q3. We're looking to definitely bring it down. Depending on the product, some of them will come down in Q4, but we expect all of them will recover nicely in Q1.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, no, I think we didn't forecast accurately, and forecast is a strong function of two things, right? There's the numbers themselves and then there's the mix, and in both cases, we under-forecasted.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, I think the way to look at Q4 is – and in fact, as you notice, Ita gave a wider range. On one hand, I think we will release some of the component shortages. On the other hand, we won't recover entirely in terms of lead times because many of the components have much longer lead times than our products do. If you may recall, I shared with you that some of them have 16 week to 22 week lead times. So while we will recover on some components, we won't recover on all products and all components. So this will be a multi-quarter process. It will take us Q4 and Q1 to recover.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, so that's the component shortage. That combined with the fact that Q4 is our full first quarter of U.S. manufacturing is why we've got a lot of execution ahead of us.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. Thanks, James. We're very confident that there's very little or no double ordering because our customer intimacy is very high. This is not just happening at the channels. We know every single order is on new products that we're working closely with on their migrations, so we're comfortable that the customer is ordering for their demand and we're fulfilling for that.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. Thank you, James. First of all, I think I speak on behalf of Anshul, Mark Smith, Ita, myself, everyone, that we're all very excited about the HP Enterprise relationship. It's not a brand new one for us. We've had a chance to date and get to know each other this last year really well. From Meg Whitman to Antonio, all the way at the top, what we're seeing is that there are a number of partnership possibilities. We started out with the Converged Infrastructure and that's clearly one that Arista hasn't been participating alone on. You've heard me talk about the three markets: the Cloud scale, which is our cousin; the Cloud class, which is our four verticals, and then the Cloud converge. The Cloud converge is a very natural synergy with HPE and especially with their compute and storage platforms. So with HP's reinforcement, that's really going to help in a tier of enterprise that Arista has not typically been in. The second thing I would say is, I think HP's realization and partnership that we are the preferred vendor on the datacenter side, and obviously, they have a great deal of depth and assets on the Aruba and Campus side makes it very complementary. So we see a lot of excitement. The agreement itself is actually officially getting signed next week, November 7. So right now, we have the enthusiasm and we look forward in 2017 to convert that into real partnership and real wins.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Three part question. Hi, Paul. Thank you. So on the Cloud titan's, they continue to be very strong for us and the mix is very similar to prior quarters and important for you to understand it isn't one Cloud titan, but many of them. So we're quite pleased with their acceptance of our products and our relationship with them. But no change in momentum and mix, it's still very strong and growing well.
Jayshree Ullal: Paul, I was going to add to Ita that one of the things we're doing, is it's not so that we ship or we don't ship. A lot of times we work with the customer to figure out what's their priority and ship partials as well. So some of them will get shipped in one quarter.
Jayshree Ullal: So in terms of, clearly revenue would be greater. I'm not one to speculate on the past. I'm going to focus on the present and the future. Don't know, Paul. But, what was your question? Pricing? No, we didn't feel any different pricing pressure than we always do. In our market the pricing pressure by definition is high and it continues to be competitive, but nothing unique in Q3.
Jayshree Ullal: No. So to answer the second question, I'm not able to quantify any more than I'm sharing with you, which is our lead times moved and our shortages are not unique to one product; they were across the board. But no, they did not just apply to the United States. In Q3, we were shipping with standard contract manufacturing, until our borders closed, till August 23. So almost half the quarter we had the flexibility of all our contract manufacturers, right? So our component shortages were tied to all our contract manufacturers. They weren't unique to international only.
Jayshree Ullal: And so to answer your question, Jess, on the routing, I'm pleasantly surprised by the acceptance of our routing platforms faster than I expected. I don't think there will be material revenue till next year and year after. But as you know, Arista's target is not the legacy router kind of customers that deploy SONET/SDH or traffic engineering and incumbency. Most of those service provider and enterprise customers are transforming from traffic engineering to a more Cloud-like datacenter interconnect and leaf-spine architecture with software-based automation, routing and telemetry. So, our customer count is increasing, and it's going beyond the classical Cloud titans. As I've said, we've gone from single-digit customer acquisition in routing in Q2 to double-digit in Q3, and I think we'll continue to see more customers in Q4, Q1 and 2017.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, I think it's a good assumption that the majority of our supply will come from U.S. manufacturing.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, actually thank you for that question, and thank you for the good wishes. I feel like my CEO title right now stands for Chief Expedite Officer, and so I'm prioritizing all my top customers very, very highly. And it isn't easy when you don't have the parts to give all of them all they want. But I think because of the nature of the relationship my team and I have with these customers, they have put themselves in our shoes and feel our pain and we feel theirs, and we're doing the best we can to A, prioritize based on the mission criticality of their project; B, prioritize based on when they put in the order. So first in, first out is a fair mechanism from our perspective. And as I said earlier, also where we cannot prioritize and ship everything, we've worked with them on partials. So those are the three primary mechanisms.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, so let me take the two questions. First, public versus private. I think there's no doubt in anybody's mind that the public cloud has already arrived. We're seeing a lot of workloads moving there. And just to put this in context, even two years ago, there wasn't as much scale and expansion in the public cloud as there is today. Just about every major Cloud titan is making investments in that, the seven we state and others. Now, in terms of public cloud, the one other thing I'd want to say is there's the Cloud titans, but there's a number of companies we're working with that I would say are not quite the scale of the titans but are also building public clouds. And they're very, very promising, and we're working closely with them. And there may be an instance of private cloud or public cloud, but I see a whole other tier, a second tier of cloud providers who are so promising, some of them may well make it into the titans in the next year or two. So that's another thing to consider, that the workloads are moving rapidly, and our product and our capabilities are beginning to become interested not just with the top titans but the next tier as well. In terms of private cloud, this is an area we've been focusing on with our other verticals, (37:08) high-tech enterprise and financials. And what I would tell you there is they very much emulate the practices of the public cloud, but obviously the scale of it is much, much smaller. And this is something we have been working on, and it tends to be on a project basis whether it's compute or storage or security. And a lot of the datacenters in the public – in the private enterprise on-prem are starting to look more and more like the public cloud. In terms of R&D for routing, it's an area we've invested in pretty significantly. We didn't just start now. We have been on it for last couple of years, and we continue to see that as an important thrust. We continue to believe that we lead with high R&D as a percentage of revenue, and that'll be a metric that's – a metric of important investment for us. So both switching and routing are factored in that R&D, and definitely we are increasing our investment in routing protocols.
Jayshree Ullal: So on the Customs, maybe Ita wants to add to that, but we've always said that the typical cycles for Customs approval can be anywhere from two months to a year. And so we don't have much else to add. We don't have an update. When we do get an update, we'll share that with you.
Jayshree Ullal: And in terms of share loss, we still talk about share gain, not share loss, so I hope that's our trend. And we will do everything to continue to gain share.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, so I think you should separate demand from our short-term shortages. So you should think of Q1 as always seasonably flat to down, like it's been the last few years. And even if we were to get ahead and increase our demand and fulfill it and get over all our shortages, that's not going to take care of the fact that usually six weeks out of the quarter in Q1, there's not a lot of customer interaction and engagement. So separate those two issues. We'll work on shortages, but seasonality is what it is in Q1.
Jayshree Ullal: It allows me to sit back and tell others what to do. Just kidding. But first of all, I think Mark Smith and his team have done a fantastic job and this is truly a recognition of an individual, Anshul, who has teamed with Mark, teamed with the product management, teamed with the engineers, and personally, also run systems engineering and customer advocacy for nine years in the company. And really, says what he does and does what he says the Arista way. So it's a recognition of Anshul. And as you know, there's a lot of customer-facing functions that need strategic thought. It needs depth in technology and it needs unification. So I think what you're really seeing here is the acknowledgment and promotion of a fantastic individual who deserves it, earned it and is going to be very much the future of Arista.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay, thanks, Ita. And Kulbinder, to answer your routing question, I think the materiality of revenue will take time. It will be second half 2017 or 2018, but the acquisition of customers is a great starting point. As we can qualify our platform to not just be the world's best spine switch, but also enable routing capabilities, this will get customers very comfortable in making this shift, if you will, from a router versus routing. It is different. We're doing VXLAN routing, segment routing, MPLS-lite without all the traditional traffic engineering, leaf-spine architecture. So there's a lot to trial and think about and that's why the first metric for me is winning the customers and their hearts and minds. And then the next material revenue metric would come later. It's also going to be challenging to measure the revenue metric because sometimes we won't know if they're using it as a switch or a routing platform or both, and so in many cases, it maybe a combination of both.
Jayshree Ullal: So, Rod, to answer your two questions on HPE distribution. Our agreement is really a resell agreement and any bundling with channels and partners, HPE will be leading with. We'll supply the networking component and they will pile on the converged components, which is the compute and the storage and sometimes the OneView integration with CloudVision. So we're very comfortable that they're owning the channel and the converged piece and we're supplying the building block, which is networking. So no issues there on this. It's really a resell agreement, not a distribution.
Jayshree Ullal: I mean, if they do need inventory to sell it, we will. But in many cases, it may be a drop ship directly to the customer and we verify it in the rack over there at the customer property; so it will vary.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, no. I got it. Yeah. So to answer your question – let me take it a little broadly and I think I know who the customers are you're talking about. But broadly speaking, when you hear a cloud company (49:56) talking about their massive hundreds of millions of dollars of spend, you know it includes building facilities, power, compute, virtualization, storage. The networking is a small percentage of it, so while we are really influenced by their spend, their spend can continue with us, independent of the volatility in their overall spend, because we're a small number. So we're pretty comfortable that the networking spend has a long road ahead, and we're feeling quite good about Q4 here based on our guidance, and next year. So no, I don't think even if datacenter greenfield opportunities have shifted, that they are affecting us in any negative fashion at this time.
Jayshree Ullal: So I'll take – the short answer is we – customers do express concern on our longer lead times. There's no doubt about that, and they wish they were shorter, and they wish we would go back to our predictable on-time shipments. Our on-time shipments is virtually 100%, and now it's much less than that. In terms of litigation, no change. Our customers do want to know that we stand by our workarounds, and that we're legally compliant. And Marc Taxay, our General Counsel, who has shared with you many, many times, as we have, we are completely committed to and are following the law. And so our customers take the time to understand that and get through the flood of our competitors and some ask questions, some have deeper questions, and some are not worried at all and recognize this as a protection of the competitors' behavior.
Jayshree Ullal: And just – sorry, Steve, just to put that in context, these 100-gigabit optic shortages are not unique to Arista.
Jayshree Ullal: We've not been expressedly specific, but we've generally said that the Leaf can be – yeah, it generally can be – the Leaf and the Spine are almost split 50%/50%, if you don't include the accessories or if you put these optics and accessories more associated with 100-gig with the spine.
Jayshree Ullal: So no, I think the Broadcom-Brocade announcement is a very interesting and intriguing one. It shows that the industry is consolidating. And it also shows that the SAN market, fiber channel market has been very sticky, but not growing at all and one that really reflects more of a chipset and OEM business than a system business. So I applaud Broadcom for thinking about it strategically. I also applaud them for not competing with their customers and realizing that the IP networking business is not their core goal here, and they are likely to spin it off. Nobody wants to compete with their customers. So I look at that acquisition quite favorably, and obviously, like all M&As, execution is important and we would be looking to see how they do that. In terms of optics, I couldn't agree with you more, Simona. I think the whole datacenter connect and the integration of layer one, layer two, layer three, optics, particularly for 100-gig, where the optics can get very expensive, very much happening. Our point of view on this, along with Andy's is, we would like to see standardization of connectors and we would like to see more diversity of supply rather than shortages. We would like to see more vendors there. I'm not sure I want to lock myself in with one optics vendor. I would like to see five or 10 of them.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, look. This market is $6 billion or $7 billion TAM, and every competitor has their strength and weakness. I think Juniper is a very good company for service provider routing. I think Brocade is a very good SAN switching company. I think Cisco is a very good enterprise company. And I think Arista is the best ever Cloud Networking company you saw. So, you look at the market share for these vendors and it reflects that, and you can see here that Brocade's been around 2% to 3% in IP networking. That is not sustainable in terms of position. I think you have to be number one or number two to be a strong leader. And I think this was a good outcome for Brocade because of that.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, no, I think you'll always see certain companies go through digestion, but if I sort of even out the highs and the lows, we see 2017 as being a good year of Cloud CapEx. Some may buy less and some may buy more, and a lot of that I think becomes sort of a long-term building and capital investment, less about networking.
