Charles Yager: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks' President and Chief Executive Officer, Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer, and Marc Taxay, Arista's Senior Vice President and General Counsel. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal third quarter 2017. If you'd like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company's website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements including those relating to our financial outlook for the fourth quarter of the 2017 fiscal year, industry innovations or market opportunity and the impact of litigation, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward statements apply as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Charles Yager: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time constraints, I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question.
Charles Yager: This concludes the Arista Q3 2017 earnings call. I also want to mention that we have posted a presentation which provides additional information on our fiscal results which you can access on the Investors section of our website.
Jayshree Ullal: I'll take the question, Stanley. Thank you. So absolutely. I think Arista has been experiencing a changing architecture and a 100-gig transition since we announced these products in 2016. So this is not new for us. And really, we pioneered this change with the FlexRoute license where increasingly what we're seeing as a trend across our customer base is more and more of them want to replace routers with routing. And frankly, legacy vendors are on the wrong side of this trend. So as they may be experiencing a contraction in their routers, we are experiencing an inflection in routing, and our FlexRoute licenses continue to increase. You may remember I had challenged the team to do over 100 customers with FlexRoute in the very first year, and we achieved that last summer, and now, we've exceeded 150 customers.
Jayshree Ullal: Vijay, that's a good question. I think the 100-gig transition has surpassed even our expectations this year, and as you might know, most market studies show us now as at number one share, with about 40% market share. I think the main reason we're seeing that is because the 100-gig has become the Universal Spine's not only in the data center, but it's sort of stretching, I should say, to incorporate a lot of the switching and routing for regional and data center interconnect. So what we're seeing is this trend, the architectural trend that we've been espousing for a couple of years now, where the LAN, the WAN, and the Layer 2 and the Layer 3 are all coming together to be a highly elastic Universal Spine. And this year has been definitely an inflection year, and a starting year. But I must underline that I see many years of robust growth of 100-gig ahead, and we're just beginning this year. And with the entry of 400-gig, I don't see that the 100-gig in any way will change. So I think what you're seeing is a significant investment with our top customer base across all five verticals. And while we may be a little more aggressively penetrated in the cloud titans, it's really applying to all the verticals.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. Because I have a short-term memory, I'll take the first question, and then, I'll go to your second. So visibility with our cloud titans, we continue to have an extremely intimate relationship with them. We have not seen an appreciable change in the visibility or the competitive landscape. As we have repeatedly said, because they are in a high-velocity, high-growth mode, the visibility we get is typically good for one to two quarters. And even then, it can change. It was bigger than we saw in the first three quarters of this year. But it's a very strong communication. There's very strong intimacy. This is an area where not only Anshul Sadana, our Chief Customer Officer participates, but our entire engineering team is very involved in the roadmap, in the demand, along with our systems engineers and sales teams. So I would say we've got good visibility for one or two quarters, and we've got medium to low visibility thereafter. And probably that's just generally true. It's the nature of the business. In terms of FlexRoute license and routing in general, absolutely, some of our early adopters have been the cloud titans right from the beginning in 2016 and they continue to be major deployers.
Jayshree Ullal: That's correct. Just to put this in context, until 2016 or 2017, we were only in the leaf and spine layer. With the arrival of the FlexRoute license and the ability to scale and improve and just basically provide more routing features, we entered additional layers of the spine for routing and data center interconnect where traditionally they were core routers either from Juniper or Cisco.
Jayshree Ullal: In some cases, yeah, in some cases, we have had to push out some of our priorities for customers to prioritize legal workarounds that were more time based, yes.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, as I said, we have pretty good line of sight with our cloud titans, and absolutely, there were projects that were identified. Let me reiterate and be really clear that we did not lose to any competitor. It just is taking a long time. It can take anywhere from 2 weeks to as much as 10 weeks to do these certifications. So lengthening the qual cycle and getting them these workarounds in mid-September didn't give us much of a chance to certify them in Q3. So we expect most of them will move to Q4, or worst case, Q1.
Jayshree Ullal: From everything I can see, the mix has stayed the same. Obviously, our aggregation has moved more to 100-gig and our top-of-rack has moved to 10-gig, 25-gig, and 50-gig in the leaf, so – but no, we haven't seen any big change in mix.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, it's difficult enough to talk about my company, let alone help you with other companies. I'll try, Simon. I think if I step back and look at the big picture, the reason Arista is less affected by what other companies are is, frankly speaking, we're on the right side of these trends. We're developing 100-gig, we're developing routing, we're developing the right optics and DWDM capability, and these are all the modern architectures that cloud wants to move to. So I guess we don't have the overhead of legacy, is the best way I can say this. We're also underserved and (30:43) underpenetrated although the cloud has been our most important vertical for some time now. The 100-gig movement is just very early stages. I'm guessing even with the titans who are some of the earliest adopters, it's still in the 10% to 20%. So while the others may have had more absorption and I can't really speak to or may not really have seen this architectural shift coming, I think Arista has been thoughtful that – and built the right products and these are all new products that we pretty much put out in the last six quarters. And I think that we are benefiting from the trend. I think the second thing is we're not relying on one titan. It's really important to understand that when we say cloud, increasingly, it's not a vertical, it's a horizontal. Cloud principles are being deployed across all our five verticals. So our top 20 customers, 30 customers are all deploying cloud architectures. Now, the scale varies greatly with the titans and is different, obviously, for the other customers. So therefore, even if we experience, like we did, a delay in certification and a lower contribution from the titans, the titans are still number one in an aggregate, because it's a number of customers there.
Jayshree Ullal: I think our discipline applies to both routing and switching. In general, the customers see the value of our quality of software, the programmability, the underlying architecture being network-wide database oriented, the analytics, the automation, the single binary image. So both of that applies to both switching and routing. Routing, in general, tends to be fewer boxes and fewer ports, but higher margins. And switching is connecting to the servers and storage, so it tends to have more pricing pressure.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. So we had a busy season, because as soon as we got the cease and desist order, you might remember that these are the same two patents that were invalidated by the PTAB, that now the International Trade Commission, ITC, issued an order on. So our engineering team had to scramble to get out a workaround on, basically, invalidated patents. We got that dichotomy going on. So we introduced a new EOS release, 4.19, around mid-September. And so now we're actively engaged. We only had two or three weeks in the quarter to certify, and we did do a lot of certifications. But these qualifications times can be related to software only, or in some cases, in the case of the ACL workaround, it can be a combination of software and hardware. And both are features that are not transparent to the customer. In other words, the customer has to put it in and it really depends on their use cases and scale and complexity. So if it's a simple network, they may not need to do much and two weeks may be fine. If it's more complex and they have a lot of ingress and egress ACLs, then you have to go through more qualification. So that's why you have that wide range, because we're committed to non-infringing workarounds on invalidated patents, I might add. However, that engagement with the customer can be short or long.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, no, we not only increased – thank you for letting me speak about that. This is a proud moment, because I think it's an indication of how the networking business is truly migrating to software-driven networking. We not only exceeded 150 routing customers, but we have now also crossed 200 CloudVision customers. And we have several trials going on. So my anticipation is while it is not yet reportable, so, it's not material revenue, and again, because it's a software subscription over multiple years, I expect in the next two years that this business can become approximately a 5% of our revenue.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Well, I think there are three aspects to how we've gone about our routing endeavor, from a development point of view. One, as you rightly point out, is just using, pardon my French, some kick-ass merchant silicon, right? And what I mean by that is, everybody gets access to the same silicon, but somehow, we've been able to get more routes, more data paths, more convergence, more scale, more services out of it. And this is a true engineering feat that we apply not just the silicon, but this is indeed one of our closest partnerships with Broadcom, especially on the Jericho family and chip set. And it's something we've been doing across three generations, Petra, Arad and Jericho to really maximize the feed, speed, scale, and performance. And I cannot underscore that enough. The second thing is, we augment it and we complement that with our own co-processors, silicon drivers, et cetera, and a set of capability that the silicon may not have to enhance it. And again, this is very important, because in routing, there's routing features, and then, there's use cases that we go into. And so, we've been going into some very specific use cases in the content, media, cloud, routing aggregation, high-performance core, even some 5G wireless. So those become the way we really approach it so that we're not just building, again, yet another router 20 years later, but we're really zooming in on the importance of the features we have, including the third area, which is our EOS programmability and routing protocols. We've got just about every four-letter acronym covered there, including a BGP stack that is much more robust today, as we've been working on it for several years, control planes with VXLAN-EVPN and segment routing, and also MPLS features with some traffic engineering. So it's really been a three-pronged approach to attack and provide simplicity and elegance in our architecture, and yet, state-of-the-art performance and protocols as well.
Jayshree Ullal: I think we're contracting the router TAM and increasing the routing TAM, but it's always been difficult to call it out as a separate TAM, because it sits on top of our switches. So I think the platform is the same, but the software TAM is jumping on it. So it's a shared platform with multiple features on it.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, and I wanted to also put in a plug for the leadership team there. Naresh (45:07) in Asia-Pac, Guenther and Ken Kiser were running EMEA and the international regions. We've been investing in them now for the last year or year-and-a-half with Mark Foss' leadership, and I think we're finally seeing the fruits of our labor here. While I don't always expect it to be 29%, because the cloud titans might contribute to change that mix, I think that's a sign of things to come.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, I mean, again, I think the makeup of deferred revenue is really two buckets, right? One is services, which is kind of short-term and long-term services, and that gets recognized as those services are delivered over time. And then, we have the product deferred revenue, which is really around acceptance clauses with customers and the delivery of new features, right? And I think the timing of that depends on when you ship and it depends on when the customers accept. In Q3, we saw a slight reduction in deferred. We would have still exceeded the top end of our range without that. So I think it was pretty minimal. As we look into Q4 right now, we'll see where we come out. We expect that it will come down, based on what we can see now, and then, we'll see how it plays out as we go through the quarter.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, I mean, Ittai, I think the thing to remember is that the R&D head count and that part of it has been growing consistently, right? Where you see the lumpiness is really all around prototype and NRE type expenses, right? So I think in Q4, as we sit here today, we believe we'll spend some meaningful money on some of those kind of one-time items in the fourth quarter and we'll continue to ramp head count, right? I think over time, our goal is to get back to that 20% of revenue.
Ita M. Brennan: Simon, I don't know that you can put a number on that. I mean I think at the end of the day, what we're saying is that we're working through the qualifications. We've seen some effects from that, but the business with these customers and the activity levels of these customers, we haven't seen any change in that.
Ita M. Brennan: I think we've always said, Erik, that the routing is accretive, right? And we're definitely – we're creating significant value there versus what's available prior to this shift, and I think we see that that is accretive to the gross margins.
Ita M. Brennan: I mean we're growing at, like, 50%, year-over-year, Alex, on a quarter-over-quarter basis. I don't know that it accelerates off of that. I think Q3 we had some impacts and Jayshree has said it was a slight impact from the qualifications and so on. And we'll see what happens in Q4, right? We have work to do there, and we're working through that with them.
