Liz Stine: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on today’s call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks’ President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ita Brennan, Arista’s Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal second quarter ending June 30, 2022. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at our website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the third quarter of the 2022 fiscal year, longer term financial outlook for 2022 and beyond, our total addressable market and strategy for addressing these market opportunities, supply chain constraints, component costs, manufacturing capacity, inventory purchases and inflationary pressures on our business, the potential impact of COVID-19, customer mix, product innovation and the benefits of acquisitions, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today, and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Liz Stine: Thank you, Ita. We will now move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you for your understanding. Operator, take it away.
Liz Stine: This concludes the Arista Networks second quarter 2022 earnings call. We have posted a presentation which provides additional information on our results, which you can access on the Investors section of our website. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in Arista.
Anshul Sadana: Thank you, Jayshree. We are proud to be a pioneer and market leader in cloud networking and have provided data center solutions to many cloud providers connecting millions of servers. The same platforms, [U.S.] (ph) software and network designs at a lower scale have also helped us win in all our other verticals, giving us an efficient model to grow our business. As we disclosed in previous calls, Microsoft and Meta are very special customers and expected to each be over 10% of our revenue for the full year. At Microsoft, we are deployed in all layers of their network, from the leaf switches at the top of rack to data center spine and regional spine to WAN and cloud edge layers across the globe. We have partnered together to create the DCI layer with encryption and long-reach pluggable optics, which has now become a gold standard in the industry. Microsoft deploys our products, both with SONiC and EOS, and the engineering partnership to codevelop the next-gen network is stronger than ever. Our newer 400-gig products are deployed in production, and we continue to receive very positive feedback about our quality and execution and continue to be the preferred supplier for Azure. We have also had a strong partnership with Meta and have been involved with their network design since the early days. We have codeveloped multiple generations of products with them, including the latest 25.6-terabit 7388 platform with unmatched power efficiency and time-to-market advantages. We have deployed in their colorful cluster fabrics with parallel planes. We’ve also deployed in several use cases, including Meta’s backbone layers, where there is a constant need for higher-speed networks. In addition to our top two titans, we are continuing to do well with the other titans as well, as well as cloud specialty providers, very similar partnerships to the big titans and use cases but at a smaller scale. We continue to have a great engineering partnership with customers when it comes to next-gen architectures, platforms or features. Over the last 2 years, we have also had a very strong partnership on supply chain. Customers who build their own servers know these challenges firsthand. The relentless work by the Arista manufacturing team to find additional supply despite so many lockdowns, looking at components in the broker market, analyzing second-order risk, and our forward-looking investments through purchase commitments are deeply appreciated by our customers. We are now recognized not only for our best-in-class products, but also for a superior supply chain compared to other alternatives. While we cannot predict the future and spend patterns on behalf of these guidance, our cloud business continues to be healthy. Back to you, Jayshree.
Anshul Sadana: Right. Well, the cloud customers are as anxious as everyone else to get through these supply constraints so that they can come back to normal planning. But for the time being, they understand the issues. And as I highlighted, they not only partner with us on product, they actually go deeper in understanding what the constraints are, which component is short and so on. So the visibility is roughly a year. 52 weeks is our current lead time with them. But in the near-term, that demand is healthy. We can’t really predict what happens beyond that. A lot of people are trying to guess – are asking us on their behalf. I think it’s best to ask these big companies directly. But we feel good about their business and the build-outs. They are in a healthy cycle. As you all know, they are doing the 400-gig upgrade or investment in the DCI layers and several other refreshes inside the data center as well. So, all that is coming along well.
Anshul Sadana: Okay. That’s a good question. Generally, these customers are very resilient architectures with the leaf spine designs. So they could do short-term trade-offs if they absolutely had to. They try to avoid these because it’s very hard to go back and retrofit a site. But if you are just completely out, then you’d go with a lighter network initially, and then you add more over time. But I don’t think that’s happening broadly. I saw some comments floating out as well, but that’s a rare exception. Most customers are deploying the site at the scale they want to open.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. Most of these cloud companies [Technical Difficulty] we are not seeing them wait or have any odd one effect. They will deploy either current technology or alternate technology, whatever they can get their hands on immediately. So, there is really no slowdown because of [Technical Difficulty] countries.
Anshul Sadana: Erik, the cloud customers are still going very strong at their normal use cases when it comes to a standard compute or storage applications. Those are still very strong. They are [Technical Difficulty] are doing well, too. And the cloud edge is also doing very well apart from having some of [Technical Difficulty].
Anshul Sadana: Yes. The enterprise customers are all telling us that things are steady. They all are cautious or worried and asking what others are doing. But we are not seeing any slowdown from customers yet.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Anshul. You can see that we are having one of our best years to date with our cloud customers. In terms of new products, Arista has introduced several this quarter. The 7130 Series is a powerful combination of low latency and a programmable EOS functionality designed for demanding high-frequency trading and exchange applications. Two 7130 models integrate fully featured L2/L3 switching with high-performance ultra-low latency L1 connectivity. Arista also launched its first commercial and distributed enterprise edge portfolio, the Cognitive Unified Edge, or CUE for short. CUE is an extension of our CloudVision to offer Edge-as-a-Service for commercial and distributed enterprises. Arista earned its highest net promoter score, NPS, of 80 in 2022 for customer support, translating to a world-class rating of 93%. Having an always available team with strong expertise, root cause analysis and fewer vulnerabilities, were cited as the primary reason for customers choosing Arista in this third-party independent report. Let me illustrate a few enterprise customer wins in the first half of 2022 to give you an idea. Firstly, a campus win for cognitive WiFi was an integral part of an RFP decision, changing the way wired and wireless is delivered to student dormitories in one of the largest universities in the U.S. Cognitive Unified Edge, or CUE, with rich dashboards for quality experience, client journey, security influenced that decision, beating out well-entrenched WiFi players. In a large international bank, we won the overall data center architecture, including spine with Layer 3 and EVPN. CloudVision was a key decision factor in enabling the customer to manage all their data sets and change control across cloud domains with superior automation and visibility. Our professional services and leading NPS score drove the next win, an enterprise customer providing supply chain management and manufacturing. Their heavy interest in routing on the premise and Azure for the public cloud was made possible with Arista’s rich visibility and telemetry. Our major messaging platform supporting over 100 million users internationally was a strategic multimillion dollar win for Arista, including a combination of BGP peering and routing across the leaf and spine. Key reasons for this win included high port density, deep packet buffers for the edge as well as routing and EOS programmability to integrate with their homegrown automation. Another international win was in the IT banking outsourcing sector with a data center interconnect use case. It was once again possible with Arista’s architectural advantages for telemetry and day 0 automation as well as assurance capabilities. Our reseller played a key role with Arista, where we were positively viewed as a single team by the customer. Last but by no means least with a global specialty cloud provider headquartered here in the Bay Area, California. Arista’s flagship data center with our 3 spine platforms delivered tight performance and rich EOS quality and features such as flow spec, traffic class filtering and partnering for analysis and mitigation. With the collapse of the perimeter, Arista also won the security and visibility forensics layer, combining DMF, DANZ Monitoring Fabric, and NDR, network detection and response, into a holistic platform. As you can see, a common theme across all these wins is Arista’s strength and proof-of-concept lab, best practice network design and deployment to the CloudVision and EOS being compelling differentiators. In summary, I am so proud of the Arista team as we have evolved from Arista as a startup at zero revenue way back in 2008 to a few hundred million dollars at IPO in 2014 to our first $1 billion a year in 2016, and now our first $1 billion quarter in Q2 2022. This has been a huge feat, a lot of hard work. And much credit and kudos and gratitude goes out to all my Aristans as well as our unwavering customers who have believed in us, continue to push us to build better cloud networking. Arista is not only the best of breed in cloud data centers today, but really centering multimodal data all the way from the client to the cloud based on our network data lake and AVA architecture. Our quest for proactive, predictive and prescriptive data-driven networking marches on. And with that, I’d like to turn it over to Ita for financial specifics.
Jayshree Ullal: Aaron, this is Jayshree. There is a lot that we have taken as a team, Anshul, Ita and myself, is one quarter at a time when we get so many surprises on supply chain. There is no point getting ahead of ourselves. But we certainly feel good that the demand and our commitment and execution has gone well, well, well north of the 30% we guided in 30% – in November last year, but one quarter at a time is still our philosophy.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. So David, I think, as you know from our strategy, we have left no stone unturned in supply purchase commitments. They just keep going higher and higher. This quarter, we reported $4.5 billion. So there is no lack of desire in Arista’s part to fulfill the demand we have. We are clearly going in with strong demand, strong backlog, etcetera. However, we need all the components to come together, and the component problem continues. It has been bad in Q1. It’s no better in Q2, and we’re not foreseeing it much – with much improvement in Q3. So perhaps in 2023, we will get some relief. But again, to get relief, we have to have all the components come. If we’re missing one component, we can’t build a system. So our guide reflects that and our behavior in how we acquire components is reflecting that. We’re still not getting the components. Many of the components have 70-week lead times, and therefore, we have to plan multiple quarters and years for that.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. If we could do that, we probably wouldn’t buy so much. We don’t know. We know it’s a multiyear commitment, and it comes when our suppliers deliver it to us. So in most cases, we’re just not getting enough supply, and we’re getting very small percentages of what we ask.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Samik. Well, nobody likes price increases, for sure. But I have to tell you, the customer credibility and connection we have has never been higher with both enterprise and cloud customers. I mean when you step back and look at this, in less than 5 years, we are now larger than many legacy stand-alone enterprise customers, right? So enterprise business has been growing faster than many of our competitors and peers. I feel good that we have a strong relationship with them. And despite all the talk of recession, while Arista is not a bellwether for a macro recession, I would certainly classify our quarter and much of this year as micro momentum and a little oasis both for enterprise and cloud in our execution.
Jayshree Ullal: You know us well, Alex. You know us well. Well, first of all, thank you for the discussion down history lane. It’s always good to know when – how we grew at $600 million and how we’re growing now off a base that’s almost $3.9 billion or whatever it will be by the end of the year. I think the way to think of this is the following: We committed to double-digit growth, and we see no reason of our large base that we still couldn’t grow double digits next year. We do think that the lead times will improve maybe in the back half of 2023. And as lead times improve, there will be some challenges, right? The challenges will come in terms of losing some of our visibility and as well as our demand. And then if there really is a recession, we will probably feel it too. But all said and done, we’re still feeling good about 22%, and we’re feeling good about the first half of ‘23. And we will tell you more at the next Analyst Day.
Jayshree Ullal: Jason, that’s an excellent question. I don’t have a precise answer for you. But I think one of the verticals we have good penetration is the financials. We started out in the high-frequency trading. But even there, I’d say we have a long way to go because we’ve got the data center opportunity. We’ve got the campus. And then if you look at the other verticals, we’re only starting, right? Less than 5 years in our journey here. So – and as you know, enterprises have a long tail and take time. So I don’t feel very penetrated in the enterprise. There is huge TAM and huge upside. And we’re probably a little more penetrated in the financials of the data center but still nothing close to 50%.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. No, we definitely see land and expand. It doesn’t always happen exactly every year. It depends on their spend, but it certainly happens over several quarters. Or sometimes, it skips a year and goes to the next year.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks Rod. I now feel like a camel. To continue your analogy, I think it’s multiple efforts. As Anshul alluded to this, the manufacturing team and the supply chain has just done an outstanding job. The leadership of Anshul, John McCool, Susan Hayes, they have left no stone unturned. I can’t speak to my peers in the industry, but I can just tell you that my team pushes themselves to keep doing better and they are an A team already. So, thank you for that. But coming back to also the relationship we have with our enterprise. When I look at what Chris Schmidt, Ashwin and the team are doing, we now have a far bigger relevance and seat at the table. It’s an investment we only started a few years ago, 3 years to 4 years ago. And we feel like the enterprises are inviting us as much as we are going to them. And our product, our quality, our differentiation, our software-defined capabilities with CloudVision and EOS speak for themselves. So, it’s a combination of becoming the gold standard even for not only cloud titans, but the enterprise, our manufacturing execution and then also the relationships we have built, albeit young, where it’s less than 5 years old, we have got a long ways to go.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. No, the last time we experienced this with Facebook, many of you may remember, it was a little more nightmarish scenario for us. They not only – because of delays, they skipped an entire server cycle, and Arista certainly felt it, that sneeze turned into pneumonia for us. But this time around, I think there are many more competitive options. And what we see, especially due to supply chain, is either the customer will inspect the assets or look for an alternative. Anshul, you are seeing some of this. You can shed some light.
Jayshree Ullal: And then in terms of the supply chain itself, we are seeing marginal improvements, but nothing to get terribly excited about. We need a whole lot more components than we are getting. So, not yet, Meta.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, Simon, I think every company needs to exercise some amount of discipline on expense management. And it’s probably one of the first times that the cloud titans and the cloud customers, in general, have had to. But however, we feel good about the CapEx. We feel Arista is a small, small percentage of their CapEx. And the slow hiring has no impact on the CapEx spend at this time in the near-term for Arista.
Jayshree Ullal: So, Erik, just to quickly answer your question, I think the visibility and demand is as strong as we expressed in Q3. The same symptoms, same experience. And in terms of cloud, take it away, Anshul.
Jayshree Ullal: On macro, look, there are no signs right now. Not that we are a bellwether, but at the moment, we are being prudent about expenses. We are prioritizing our projects. But no customer has come to us and said specifically that we got a macro issue or a recession issue and they want to cancel projects. That may change when recessions come, I have been through a few of them. They happen fiercely and suddenly. But as of now, so far, so good.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Okay. So, we are still on track to close the year at $400 million. We feel good about the demand. We need to feel better about the shipments.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Like I said, we feel good about the demand. I don’t feel as good right now about the shipments. I need more components – yes.
Jayshree Ullal: I like multiple choice questions. It remained the same. And I think the day we see lead times decline, we expect visibility to decline as well, but we don’t see that for a while.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Well, Pierre, first of all, thank you for the refreshing new question. I appreciate it. We did make two small acquisitions. I think, Ita, in total about 150 employees aggregate of – we will increase our headcount in addition to our normal organic investments by another 150. And as you probably know, it’s not uncommon for Arista to make small acquisitions, starting back in the 2018 with Metamako and Mojo and then Big Switch Networks and Awake. We have tended to make acquisitions for technology and talent. But most of all, they got to fit our culture so that we can make them successful. And we are very proud of the fact that all the four we have done to-date, we can see the business and cultural and product integration results of that. So, Untangle and Pluribus are no different. Untangle will be tackling the commercial and distributed enterprise market, bringing us very low-end security and edge threat management that we can bring in with our unsecure our wired and wireless for the mid-market and the channel market. Pluribus is a great acquisition of talent and technology to bring this concept of a unified cloud fabric. As you know, Arista has been building lots and lots of forms of cloud networking. But in two instances, it would be really exciting to see a fabric integrating them. One is in the telco cloud and 5G case. So, we are really excited to forge a new relationship with Ericsson through our Pluribus acquisition. And also in the DPU case, the data processing unit, there are a lot of DPU companies. NVIDIA is the market leader, and I am really looking forward to working with Jensen and the team on that and bringing more capability, rich capabilities and overlays into the DPU fabric. So, they are both talent and technology acquisitions to further a larger system-wide goal on our products.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, George. Yes, we did make two pricing adjustments, one last November that probably the earliest we will see effect of is in late Q4. And we have made a second pricing adjustment in late Q2 in June that again will probably only affect us in 2023. So, we expect most of this pricing to help our gross margins and neutralize some of the high costs we have had in 2023.
Jayshree Ullal: Absolutely, 400-gig is very strategic to us, along with 100 gig and in some cases, 200-gig as well. Just to give you a quick review backward, we grew from about 70 customers in 200-gig and 400-gig in 2020 to 300 in 2021. And you can expect us to grow to more in 2022. The cloud customers are obviously the fastest adopters of 200-gig and 400-gig, as Anshul would attest. But we are starting to see a lot of 100-gig, 400-gig combinations in the enterprise as well. A - Liz Stine This concludes – go ahead Tal.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. It’s still early stages for that. It’s stronger this year. This is the third year of 400-gig. I think they were mostly in trials in 2021. We started seeing production in 2022 in a significant way. We will give you more year-end – as the market share later – numbers come out at the end of ‘22.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I mean obviously, we’re pretty happy that we’ve done very well against that original metric for the year. I mean we’re pretty much at 40% for the first three quarters. We’re not guiding the fourth quarter specifically, just given some of the uncertainty around supply, etcetera. But I think we feel pretty good about where we sit now versus that original growth rate.
Ita Brennan: And then just back to the depreciation question, Jim. I mean I think when you think about accounting and how that works, I mean that usually follows what’s already been happening kind of in the business. So I don’t think there is anything new there from an operations perspective. It’s just the accounting kind of catching up to what’s happening in the field. And we saw something similar a couple of years ago, where they also kind of elongated the depreciation cycle. But we didn’t see anything different in the operations of the business.
Ita Brennan: Yes. Jim, I don’t think we’re going to kind of discuss kind of the backlog of the bookings. This is kind of the worst possible time to do that with lead times where they are and etcetera. It’s just not a helpful metric. Coming back to the deferred revenue, we did draw down $100 million in Q2. And the guide that we just gave you for Q3 assumes no drawdown, right? So just to be clear, there is no assumption of deferred revenue drawdown. So we are improving on the shipment side in Q3. So I think that’s good news. We’re pleased to see that. I think that’s probably the best way to think about it.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I think on the deferred, it’s tough to kind of forecast it out into Q4, especially when we are not kind of being very specific on the overall quarter. I think it’s a quarter at a time, we have seen some improvements in Q3. You can see that in the kind of underlying ship numbers. So, hopefully, that continues. But I don’t think there is anything particular around deferred for Q4 at this point.
Ita Brennan: I think, Lauren, what we saw last quarter was just kind of the beginning of the year and setting up some purchase orders for 2023. So, it was just more of a step function than you would expect to see normally. So, I wouldn’t read anything else into that.
Paul Silverstein: I have multiple questions, but the good news is my first one is asking Anshul if he would be kind enough to sit closer to the mic.
Paul Silverstein: I actually care what you have to say, Anshul. The question, If I recall, you exited 2021 with enterprise at $200 million, and you are targeting $400 million for 2022, if I remember the numbers. I assume you are tracking ahead of that through the first – I know you don’t want to guide, but I assume you are tracking ahead of that $400 million annualized run rate for the year from the first half of the year. That’s one question. The other question is, everyone is obviously concerned with macro environment translating to weakness for you and everybody else. Are there any – it doesn’t sound like it, but are there any signs that you have seen, any communications from enterprise or cloud customers, wherever, of impending macro weakness? And related to that, where is the greatest opportunity for most sides from here? Is it more of the same? Is it the new product areas that you are edging out into? Any thoughts would be appreciated. Thank you.
Paul Silverstein: Jayshree, I trust demand – so if you have the shipments, you would be able to deliver greater than $400 million. The only issue is having the capacity.
