Charles Yager: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks President and Chief Executive Officer; Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer; and Marc Taxay, Arista's Senior Vice President & General Counsel. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal second quarter 2017. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company's website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the third quarter of the 2017 fiscal year, industry innovation, our market opportunity, and the impact of litigation, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, and which could also cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today, and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Charles Yager: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time constraints, I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question.
Charles Yager: This concludes the Arista Q2 2017 earnings call. I also want to mention that we have posted a presentation, which provides additional information on our fiscal results that you can access on the Investors section of our website.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Charles. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon for our second quarter of 2017 earnings call. I'm pleased to report that we had quite the record quarter. We achieved milestones in just about every financial metric as we crossed the $400 million sales mark for the first time with revenue of $405.2 million, growing 50.8% sequentially year-over-year. Our record profitability was demonstrated by our non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.34 and an operating margin of 36.3%. Services contributed approximately 13% of overall sales. From a geographic perspective, our customers in the Americas made up 75% of our total revenue while the international theaters in specifics to EMEA and APJ progressed steadily at 25%. We delivered non-GAAP gross margins of 64.4%, well balanced across our five verticals and product mix. Our top customers were represented by all five verticals in the following order, Cloud Titans, Cloud Specialty Providers, Service Providers, Financials, and the Rest of Tech Enterprises. Our new customer additions were higher this quarter, exceeding our normal typical one a day acquisition. In terms of new introductions in Q2 2017, this May, Arista introduced the next generation of our universal leaf and spine that we call the R2 Series. This flagship platform delivers cloud-scale routing with R2 Series line cards for existing spine system, new leaf switches and a new 16-slot universal spine. With the R2 Series and the 7516 Chassis, we continue our track record of backwards compatibility and forward investment protection. These platforms deliver breakthrough benchmarks of 15 terabits of capacity, range of 60 to 576 100-gigabit Ethernet port density, with future support of 400-gigabit Ethernet. Our Universal Cloud Network designs are in full form, scaling out east/west and scaling up north/south. Arista's FlexRoute technology has now doubled to support 2 million routes, accommodating almost three times the size of an Internet routing table. The 7500R2 Series also supports data center interconnect with secure encryption with MACsec at 100-gig line rates and coherent 200-gigabit DWDM with distances greater than 5,000 kilometers. Leveraging our Broadcom partnership with Jericho Plus merchant silicon, Arista is accelerating the legacy router to transition to programmable multi-gigabit routing with twice the density and half the power. Our clean-sheet approach to both Layer 2 and Layer 3 VPN solutions, leveraging Ethernet-based virtual private networks, EVPN, for both data planes of MPLS and VXLAN was demonstrated as part of the public multi-vendor interoperability showcase at the NFV World Congress in March of 2017. Clearly, we are witnessing a migration from legacy routers to the state-of-the-art routing use cases for Internet Exchange fabrics, additional network function virtualizations for both cable providers and mobile providers. As I look at our Q2, we have built a sustained culture of innovation, integrity and execution, ushering and leading our customers into the cloud era. As an example, Arista has upheld its leaders category for the third consecutive year in Gartner's Magic Quadrant, with making great strides in both axes. Number one, for completeness and vision and almost a close number two, in ability to execute. In late June, the Bay Area News Group published the Bay Area News Top Workplaces with a list of 95 best companies to work for in the San Francisco Bay Area. Arista has been named to this list at number five in the large company category with more than 500 employees. In summary, as Arista completes its exceptional quarter, our business model and our foundational strategy remains purposed and unchanged. We believe we are gaining market share in high-performance data center switching, specifically with the number one spot in 100-gigabit Ethernet port switching with over 40% share, according to Crehan's Q1 2017 report. As I reflect at our mid-year 2017 accomplishments, I couldn't be more proud of our team's results on multiple fronts, solid financial metrics, customer quality and intimacy, and a highly differentiated cloud networking suite of products. This is the Arista way. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Ita, our CFO, for Q2 2017 financial specifics.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Mark. As I said, all of the verticals grew very well. They were all double-digit percentage growth. The Cloud Titans was number one and clearly our largest contributor, as it typically is. We were very pleased with the growth in both Cloud Specialty Providers and Tier 1, Tier 2 Service Providers. They were number two and three, but almost neck-to-neck, followed by the Financials and Rest of Enterprise. So, every one of them grew well and every one of them was double-digit growth.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, I wanted to add to that of what Ita said. I think we were all pleasantly surprised, just as you were, with the 36% operating margin and we wouldn't want you to take that to the bank every quarter. Our business model is not on that. But with a combination of product mix and very strong customer spending from many verticals, we all got pleasantly surprised. We like to be pleasantly surprised every quarter, every year, but we want to count on more normal behaviors. Regarding contributions to growth, both our switching and, of course, our routing are doing very, very well. You may remember, I challenged the team, Anshul and his team, last summer to have 100 customers, and we have doubled our customers again this quarter, and we have exceeded 100 customers with the FlexRoute license. In particular, the R Series, both the 7500R and 7280R is our flagship routing and switching products that were last year contributing about 20% to 25% of our revenue. So, new products of 20% to 25% and they jumped in the first half to over 30%, up from zero last year in March. So, really good progress on the new products and they are definitely fueling our growth in 2017.
Jayshree Ullal: No. I think, as I've always said, nothing's really changed here. When I look at cloud in general and Microsoft, Cloud Titans tend to favor and want a dual-vendor strategy. So, I would be remiss in not pointing out that while Arista is the primary vendor in many cloud accounts, including Microsoft Azure, we haven't really seen any appreciable change in that mix. Microsoft continues to be a very important partner. We fully expect it to be a north of 10% customer, even though our revenues increased, and the range has not changed.
Jayshree Ullal: That's a good question too. I think one of the things that made Q2 exceptional was the fact, Alex, that Microsoft wasn't the only contributor. We had a number of Cloud Titans and Cloud Specialty Providers contributing into the number. And their pace of growth is equal or better.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. That's a very good question, thoughtful question. First of all, I think we are in very early stages of 100-gig upgrade cycles in general. 40-gig was a window of opportunity, mostly in the enterprises, but almost every major cloud is going to 100-gig spine. Right? And I think that cycle started for us with especially the R Series. There's a little bit of it in the E, but it really started in 2016 and I believe it's a five-year cycle. The five-year cycle on 100-gig is going to fuel the next cycle in 400-gig. It's still too early to predict exactly when it will start. I think it's fair to say the optic cycle has started sooner than the switching and routing 400-gig cycle, but we anticipate that will be in the next one to two years for certainly the early adopters like the cloud guys. And then I think 2019 is a good year to think of for 400-gig. So I think majority of the cloud verticals are making sure that their designs, their network designs are 400-gig capable so they can activate them in the same spine chassis as the 100-gig.
Jayshree Ullal: You can imagine that we have been preparing for these 945 workarounds very similar to the way we were preparing for the 944 for almost two years. Right? Be clear that customers have already started preparing with us. We are in beta this quarter and we are in the midst of active beta testing for them, and this is very similar, again, to a process we went through this time last year with 944. There is a combination of both the software release certification and in selective customers that need high performance echoes, there may be some hardware qualification as well. So we expect the completion of these new releases at the tail end of this quarter, Q3, September. Typical qualification time can take several weeks, four to six weeks. And so you can expect our systems engineers and our engineers in general are working very closely with our customers. I want to reiterate, of course, that we are fully complying to the order and we are making sure that all the products that's shipping domestically is not infringing and addresses the two patents in 945 that we were found to infringe from USITC and we were found to be invalidated by USPTO.
Jayshree Ullal: I think we did the best we can between what we believe our execution will be and what our realistic guidance is. So, taking all those, you can imagine we took all of those risk factors into consideration to provide you the guidance.
Jayshree Ullal: And we believe that September will be a crucial month in our quarter to execute on these workarounds, and the guidance reflects that.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. And just to answer your question on shipments, obviously, we are continuing uninterrupted supply to the international customers who are not affected by any of these USITC orders. In terms of domestic shipments, we are doing limited shipments right now. And if I were to predict, I would say our shipments will be less linear this quarter and we will be back-end loaded in terms of shipments to accommodate some of the customer certifications and qualifications I mentioned earlier for the 945 workarounds. So, obviously, our Q3 guidance is taking all that into consideration, but we feel good about the shipments.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. So, that is far greater than the revenue contribution and I think that's a good sign for us of things to come in the future. So, we are sowing the right seeds right now in terms of investment both in our sales and go-to-market strategy and our customer acquisition.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. The containerized EOS, we continue to get a lot of reception from a technology and architectural point of view. I think the adoption of this is still very early stages. We have yet to really publicly announce any production version of containerized EOS, but I think it will take 2018 to really see some of that.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. Thanks, George. Thank you for the good wishes. Yeah. I think one of the things Ita and John McCool, our new Head of Manufacturing, and the whole team have done is really put a plan in place. You heard Ita talk about the inventory planning that's gone into place. And I think U.S. manufacturing is pretty much a new norm for us. And we are running two contract manufacturers worldwide, both in the U.S. domestically and one internationally. So, lead times are very much in control and they have not changed for the better or worse. They remain consistent from Q1.
Jayshree Ullal: And Aaron, you have to realize that in the last year, we've had a lot of factors for our growth. We talked about the 100-gigabit, we talked about the routing, we talked about the Cloud Titans. We also talked about the new product qualifications. So, that has not only impacted our overall business, but it's impacted our deferred revenue and some of the new features we have to qualify. So, it's been unusually and particularly high and we shouldn't take this as a norm.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. I think we try to be responsible more than just conservative. And I think what changed is that our customers surpassed any forecast we had, to be blunt. And it was also Anshul Sadana, our Chief Customer Officer's first full quarter. So, he just kicked some butt. So, a special shout out to him. But look, guys, and in particular, had we known it was going to happen, we would have had more linear expenses. We didn't have a chance to catch up on expenses. So we just had a very good quarter and I'm very proud of the team.
Jayshree Ullal: So I think I said a few things. I'll repeat them. 100-gig acceptance is very good. We have the number one market share. It's north of 40% in Q1. I believe we would have continued that trend in Q2. Our routing customers stepped up from the switching. We're now over 100 customers and so we are making good penetration in both the cloud vertical and service providers, especially with routing. So, that was a big deal. Our new products started contributing even more to our overall revenue in going from 20% to 25% to now north of 30% in Q2, so that's a pretty big contribution. Our cloud verticals, all five verticals did well, but in particular, our cloud verticals, both the Titans and the Cloud Specialty Providers did very, very well. And while they were doing well, it's not like anybody was slacking. The other three verticals were contributing. I would give a special mention also to our engineering team for not just the innovation and disruption they keep creating, but the high standard of quality. So I don't think it was one thing; it was everything. And certainly we wouldn't be here without the intimacy with our customers. They all are looking at Arista in a much more strategic foundational way for their networking decisions.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. So, Fahad, we don't break down routing because most of our platforms that we ship, ship with both switching and routing. So, our best way of describing routing is through our FlexRoute licenses, which then you translate into the number of customers. So, what we're really saying is we now have over 100 customers deploying routing in production one year after introduction.
Jayshree Ullal: I mean, like I keep telling you, it's difficult to track that. Do you count the line card as switching or routing? Do you count the chassis as switching or routing? And the FlexRoute licenses are software. So, if we start giving you numbers, then it's shared numbers between switching and routing and that's why we're not going there. It's too confusing.
Jayshree Ullal: I think the best way – we can have a longer discussion, but for this earnings call, I would say the best way is to look at our number of customer acquisitions. That's a key. And then our success in service providers. Those are two strong indicators of how we are doing in routing. And don't let the dollars confuse you because routing and switching are truly coming together and there's less and less of a standalone router market except the legacy guys.
Jayshree Ullal: You've gone to three questions. I'll answer this politely, but our pricing has not changed for us. It always is competitive. Our competitors love to buy business and tank their prices whenever they see Arista. But as we've repeatedly said, I think Arista is evolving into a stronger and more strategic cloud networking provider. This is our DNA. So, it's not surprising that while our competitors attack us on pricing or mimic our buzzwords and do some marketing that we're not seeing any big changes and fluctuations.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. I'm going to defer the deferred revenue question to Ita. But just to be clear, our cloud revenue is very real in networking. And when you look at these large CapEx spends from the Cloud Titans and Cloud Providers, you can recognize there's buildings, facilities, cooling, power, compute, storage. And the networking spend is actually dwarfed by all of that. So the networking spend is healthy and Arista is getting its fair share because of its competitive products. So we're doing fine. Both in the leaf and spine, I want to be clear on that.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. And I think, Mark, when you think about the commentary on investments, it's really – I mean, we grew revenues 21% in Q2, expenses were flat. Right? I think really what we are guiding to in Q3 is more of a normal return to investments on the OpEx line versus a more normalized quarter-over-quarter revenue growth. So I don't know if there's anything particularly different there; it's just more the trend is changing Q2 to Q3.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, again, I'd encourage you to kind of listen to our guidance. I think 30% operating margin is a good healthy guide. It is a quarter where we are reserving degrees of freedom to invest where we need to and to manage through the quarter. So I think I would listen to the guidance.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, we haven't really seen any great variance in the gross margin based on the silicon. So I think you should probably think about it as business as normal as we make those product transitions.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. Jess, I'd kind of take you back to kind of the conversation we had last quarter as well. I mean, we are running the two supply chains kind of in parallel. Right? So, we do have inventory and we do plan to leverage that, but we're also maintaining and running our U.S. sourcing. Right? So, it will be somewhat balanced between the two. I think that's why the guide is kind of 61% to 64%, pick up the midpoint of 62.5%, plus or minus. We'll see where we come out. But I think that's the thinking. Right? And then, obviously, over a longer period of time, if we ship more to the U.S., that's when you would see us move to the lower end of that range. But I think, for the interim, you should think about it as a balanced U.S. and inventory-based sourcing.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I think you can see in the numbers, right, it did tick up a little bit on the short term. A chunk of that will be services. There's a little bit of product growth there. It's a difficult number to predict and we deliberately don't guide it for that reason. I wouldn't expect it to continue to grow. All right? I think that's probably all I would say at this point. Right? I don't think it's – it's probably not reasonable for us to expect it just to continue to grow over time, just given the nature of what it is. Right? And then we'll see where we are when we kind of – we get to the end of the quarter.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, it's all about what the acceptance term is in the particular contracts, and that's going to vary across the different contracts. If it's related to a feature, then you recognize the revenue when you deliver the feature.
Ita M. Brennan: I think that's right. Q2 was exceptional. I wouldn't extrapolate that. I would think about it more in terms of just nice, solid, consistent execution.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I think the way to think about it is the two book ends. Right? The higher one is where we have freedom of operation and we are heavily focused on international supply, et cetera, we're leveraging all of that. And then the 60%, the bottom end of the range is really an environment where it takes a long time to get through the customs process, et cetera, and we are becoming very heavily focused and utilizing U.S. supply and U.S. sourcing.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. The high end assumes that we're back to more or less to normal and we think that's what that range would look like from a sourcing perspective. The lower end assumes we're heavily in the U.S.
Ita M. Brennan: Right. And we've been fortunate in that the timing has worked out where we've been able to leverage a lot of international supply kind of through that time period. Right? I think now we are looking at it as more strategically, and we said this last quarter, right, that we were going to look at it more strategically and maintain the U.S. sources and make sure that we were using those U.S. sources consistently.
Ita M. Brennan: I don't know that I'd say that. I think at scale means we're happy with the supply and the availability of supply there and the capacity. I think if you look at the gross margin guidance that we talked about, it's pretty consistent with what we had before. Right? And we're still expecting that we will carry some overhead burden from sourcing and operating in the U.S. So I think the ranges are what we gave, the next quarter 61% to 64% – in a prolonged U.S. environment, 60% gross margin as a floor, I think that's the way to think about it.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. And, Stanley, if you look at the deferred, deferred revenue is actually up quarter-over-quarter. So, I mean, there's no deferred revenue practice happening there.
