Jayshree Ullal: Brian, as you know, we live in a competitive dynamic situation, but we also have a large total available market opportunity. We have -- we continue to acquire new customers, and we believe that our 4 principle verticals will drive majority of our growth, which is the cloud titans, the Tier 2 service providers, the financials as well as the high-tech enterprise. Of course, some of these types of customers tend to be lumpy, so while they're hard to predict for the quarter, we have received good acceptance and believe we can continue the growth and guidance we are sharing with you for Q3. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, thank you very much. I'll take the question. We have only reported one 10% customer to date, which is Microsoft. And while we will not be reporting any customer concentration on a quarterly basis, that continues to remain our one customer concentration. 
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Mark. I'll take the question. First of all, you're absolutely right that data center projects tend to be very large. But for Arista, they first start out small. So every customer acquisition tends to be first a small project and then we have to earn the right to win the data center, if you will, which can be anywhere from 9 months to 2 to 3 years, right? So what you're seeing, for example, with a very large customer like Microsoft or any of our top 10 customers, is that progression from where we start with a small project to obviously becoming the mainstream data center vendor of choice, and that can be over a period of time. So we believe that in all our 4 verticals, we've got tremendous opportunity to deepen our engagements and relationships with every one of them and get more share of wallet with these data center projects. They could be in the area of compute, storage, virtualization, private cloud. You name it. But plenty of opportunity and plenty of market there, especially for 10, 40 and 100-gig. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, I think it's safe to say that the majority of the market we see is really 10 gigabit to the server and compute, but we are starting to, as a result of so much 10-gig deployment, see both 40-gig to the storage especially from a peak traffic there as well as 100-gig between spines or as they interconnect between leaf and spines, I should say. 100-gig deployments tend to be future-proofing themselves for very high-performance content and media applications. They tend to be service providers and content providers and is especially reflected in 1 or 2 of our main verticals. 
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Kelyn. Thank you, Jeff. I think it's fair to say that we seek tremendous opportunity in getting pieces of the cloud titans' CapEx budget because they're all very big. They're in the billions going to trillion, and the networking piece of that is a small component. Very clearly, we've also said that 2013 was a peak year for both Microsoft in terms of their CapEx as well as Arista in terms of being deployed in Microsoft Azure. We continue to enjoy a very good partnership and relationship with them. But as our numbers get larger, we expect a percentage of customer concentration to specifically come down from that specific cloud titan as other titans pick up. We also see some movement between cloud titans and Tier 2 cloud providers and service providers. It's very possible that some of them that we described in the report says 1 of the 7 titans are small and some other ones may emerge. So I think the message to take away from this is the cloud is a mainstream intent not only for public cloud providers but also for service providers and Tier 2 cloud providers who expect to become primary ones, and therefore, additive opportunity in all of those cases for Arista. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, I think -- thank you, Subu. I couldn't point to one of them being faster growing than the others because, especially this quarter, we were equally balanced across them, and so we believe -- there's nothing that stood out in any one particular vertical being favored over the other, if that was your question. In terms of competitive dynamics, I think the competitive pressures for us continue to be as they have been in prior quarters. No change, but always aggressive. We respect our peers a lot. Many of them have dominant and monopolistic positions and are not afraid to cut price to 0 and often bundle with their other products, and it's something we have to selectively choose to compete against or walk away from. So no change from previous quarter but ongoing competitive pressures. 
Jayshree Ullal: So your second question was, did you take share from competition and what's the reception on the 7280 then? It's -- we haven't seen the numbers yet for Q2, but we do believe it's a great software than the market, and we've typically grown 1 to 2 points every year that it wouldn't be surprising to us if we took share this quarter. But we don't have concrete numbers there, just a good wild analytical guess there. And the 7280, I'm very optimistic about this product and a number of customers have been very bullish. First of all, it's very unique value add. It's one of its kind. It's unbelievable and unimaginable that you can compress this kind of poor density in a 1RU Form Factor with 10 and 100-gig with multi-terabit of fabric in full layer 2, layer 3. The kind of applications we are seeing, as I pointed out, is there's a lot of customers who are interested in migrating to more scale out storage, extremely high-density, integrating with their high-performance terabits, storage clusters. This is probably the biggest one we see. And then in some cases also, there will be a slow-and-steady migration from fiber channel to Ethernet. 
Jayshree Ullal: I think it's both the Tier 2 Ethernet market, which is more immediate, and then the long term. There is definitely a fiber channel to Ethernet migration. 
Jayshree Ullal: I think what we want to give you in guidance is for the year, we expect it to be flat and become a lower concentration of our total revenue, most likely the teens. But we don't plan to give quarterly guidance on Microsoft. 
Jayshree Ullal: I'll probably have to give you a short answer. Believe it or not, our customers are careful and cautious in informing us too, so we probably have a 1 to 2 quarter visibility, but not a 1 to 2 year visibility, right? And what's very clear is every one of our major customer prospects are in build out mode. They're in early stages mode. They're in customer acquisition mode, and they are responding to their customers. So it's not like the old days where they said, "Build it, and they'll come." They build it in real time when they come, and so that requires us, as you can tell, to really respond very quickly to their needs, both from a lead time and future point of view. But I think our visibility is also in the 1 to 2 quarter time frame. 
Jayshree Ullal: And of course, we continue to aggressively invest in engineering that is the hallmark of this company, as well as sales and systems engineering. So we are making the investments, and we're reaping the benefits of investments we really made last year, this year. 
Jayshree Ullal: Well, Brian, thank you. We are continuing to be focused on the same 4 verticals that we identified in North America. Internationally as well. So a lot of them are global companies, so just making sure we adequately support them and expand our global footprint for major -- a lot of these companies as one aspect. The second is good old-fashioned investment both in our distribution and our channels. We are especially focusing on the developed country, so you can imagine that would be U.K., Germany, Nordics, Netherlands; and in Asia PAC: Japan, Korea; selective parts of the Asia subcontinent; Australia as well of course. So rather than doing a broad sweep of everywhere, we're really focused on the places internationally where -- which favors large data center projects. 
Jayshree Ullal: Absolutely. Thank you for reminding me of that. Absolutely more so than the North America is the international is heavily dependent on distribution, and the distribution and partners are much, much more capable. It's almost -- the capability is proportional to distance, and so a very large part of our strategy is signing up, and we have already signed up important distribution in some of these major countries. 
Jayshree Ullal: I can't address the specific company or switch or product, but I can tell you that we appreciate silicon diversity. We have 3 architectures in our product portfolio already, and as new ones come in, we'll definitely evaluate them and look at them and build to them as they're good working products. 
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. You managed to get in 3 questions. I'll try to answer them backwards. First of all, I want to address the VMware friend or foe very clearly. We believe that we have formed a very technical and customer-driven partnership with VMware, and I don't know why the industry thinks that it needs to be a foe or a friend. Because really, VMware has brought tremendous status and market and customer capability and virtualization, and companies like Arista are doing the same with physical networks. What's lacking right now is the best of both being combined. They're really 2 different islands, and we believe the ideal customer solution is not companies fighting, but in fact, integrating and bringing the migration from physical to virtual to cloud. And so we very much believe it's complementary. We very much believe a good programmable underlay requires a good set of overlays. We couldn't be more pleased. And architecturally, we view it as not one versus the other, but better together. So in terms of cloud pressures and cloud margins, and et cetera, we have always said that margins from our cloud titans, because they're driven by large volume, is lower than our standard margin. Our margins are deeply tied to volume. And obviously, as a customer buys more volume, they get to influence the pricing and, therefore, our margin. We do expect new cloud titans to come in. We don't know if they'll be over 10% in customer concentration. In fact, most likely they may not, but there may be many of them at less than 10% customer concentration, and we're kind of like that. That's part of the balanced verticals that we are aiming for from a strategy perspective, but absolutely, we expect more than the ones listed today. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, so thanks, James. The answer to your international question in a nutshell is we are in 84 countries with the right demo depots and customer support and subsidiaries. We believe out of those 84, at least over 50 of them are purchasing Arista product in some fashion or the other. They tend to be very similar to the way we started in the United States in America, which is start with small projects and then expand to bigger ones. It's too early to call which ones are the bigger ones because we're just beginning there, so give us some time. But hopefully, they will mimic the pattern. But so far, we see that it's very similar. They're in similar verticals, the financials, the high-tech media, the high-tech enterprise. They're in service providers. They're in cloud providers. So the pattern is similar, but the size of the project is smaller. 
Jayshree Ullal: Tal, thank you very much. So I -- while Kelyn is getting ready for answers, I'll address the VMware one, and then we'll go to your operating margin and Q2 question. So I think the $100 million from NSX was quite impressive, and it shows the power and importance of OpenStack and vShield and layer 4 to 7 and bringing all of these technologies from a networking perspective in a virtual fashion. We are independent, but we jointly sell together especially at a technical level with VMware. In other words, our systems engineers worked together and often provide network designs, and it's still early days. We're only formally announcing the partnership today for the first time on this call, and you'll see subsequent announcements later. But I'd say that network virtualization and the drive to bring multi-hypervisors and networks together is really one of the biggest use cases of SDN, and many pilot projects are starting today, and we expect to see a growing set of customers and more applications in the next few years. 
Jayshree Ullal: This is just customer buying pattern. Technically, come out of a weak Q1. January and much of February is usually very slow and then they get on track, so we see this every year, and this is no surprise. 
Jayshree Ullal: Sanjiv, we missed the entire first half of your question. We only got the last few words. Can you repeat it? I'm sorry. 
Jayshree Ullal: I think you know this better than I do, but we have not seen the effects of ACI because the promise of ACI has been greater than the delivery and shipment. I believe it was announced to ship June 30, so it's too early to call. So we'll probably see the impact of ACI more in the second half of this year and next year, but I think it's been more marketing than reality until now. 
Jayshree Ullal: That's not true. Pricing dynamics goes beyond one specific product. It is continuously a day-to-day combat for Arista to deal with, and I think it's a lifetime issue for Arista to coexist and interoperate and compete with our competitors especially the one we respect, so that hasn't changed, and it doesn't change. It's not on a product basis. It can be a specific product. It can be a bundle. It can be a discount. It can be a figure. It can be a variety of techniques. 
Jayshree Ullal: Simon, just to add to that. If you look back on our history, we've had gross margins of 64.6% and 65%, so depending on the mix and the concentration and the volume and the type of customer. It is -- and if you look at the standard gross margins in the switching industry, they do tend to be in the 60% to 65% range. I think our aggressive engineering focus on cost reductions and also being selective on what markets we are targeting and were not in the mainstream commodity market allows us to, if you will, manage our mix and our gross margin. But I want to make one thing clear. We are going to favor lower gross margin to gaining footprint and market share, and so we'll continue to signal to you guys that our long-term goal is 60% to 65% in favor of gaining share. Now if it doesn't materialize 1 quarter, it might the next or the following, right? So understand our long-term goals doesn't always vector into the short-term quarter. 
Jayshree Ullal: That's actually a good question, John. We're actually seeing more additions on our new customer acquisition in the high-tech enterprise, where we've been noticeably more absent in the last few years. So while we're adding in every vertical, I would say that vertical is getting more new customers. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, I think the partnership with 3 companies you mentioned, Aruba, Palo Alto and F5, are very strong. They tend to be more, again, in the business development and joint systems engineering, so we don't force the sales teams to work together. They have to be customer-driven. To give you examples, in the case of Aruba, we're doing some very interesting work on wired and wireless controller integration. With Palo Alto, we've already demonstrated some really cool capabilities on how you can expand your firewall flows and migrate from 10-gig all the way to multi 10-gig and even up to 100-gig. With F5, we've had a long-standing partnership integrated into their iRules, and they're also doing some very interesting work on workflows and Smart System Upgrades all the way from layer 1 to 7. So every one of them are not just a logo we put on the release but really a technology linkage, and therefore requires systems engineering cooperation, and it's something we do directly and together with the customer. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, now that's a -- hey, Brent, that's a good question. I certainly think VMware has one of the strongest and broadly installed base of products with ESX hypervisor and vCenter and vC suite. We also believe that the -- so therefore, based on that, I would say VMware can certainly help Arista open doors in the enterprise. But we also think the NSX and the integration of NSX and the programmable Arista EOS is a joint opportunity for both companies to implement OpenStack and private cloud as well as in public cloud and service providers, and -- so we see that, yes, we could get some help on the enterprise but we could also help them and work jointly together in cloud projects. 
Kelyn Brannon: Thanks, Brian, for the question. Our gross margin is lumpy. It does vary a lot by product and customer mix, and so as we look forward into Q3, as we said, we're looking at a 64% to 66% range, and we still feel very comfortable with our long-term model of around 60% to 65%. 
Kelyn Brannon: I'll let Jayshree address the additional revenue piece, but as I think about OpEx, I will not say that Q3 will be the low watermark simply because we have a number of things we're working on. So as you know, there's some litigation expense going on. By its very nature, it's going to be lumpy, so I can't say that Q4 or Q1 next year might have different impact. It's going to be a long process. Additionally, we have just started our SOX compliance work and continued to invest in our infrastructure, and that's going to continue in the short to medium term. 
Kelyn Brannon: I'll take the last one so I remember it. So we have no plans to disclose any book-to-bill. We actually view customer acquisition as a leading indicator and bookings quite simply as a lagging indicator. 
Kelyn Brannon: Well, you did that very skillful. So I'm going to go first, so I can get the -- I'll get the Microsoft question out of the way. Microsoft is going to always continue to be a very important customer to us. And as we look at them, we said that we were looking at them kind of flat year-over-year, and that's the trend we're seeing. I would expect over time that they're going to settle in. They're going to be a 10% customer, but they're going to be somewhere in the teens. 
Kelyn Brannon: Yes, I'm going to take the first part of it and then we can talk about what kind of what those operating margins look like. Today, you now have 3 out of our 4 quarters for 2014, 2 quarters of actuals and then our financial guidance. And if you look, you can see that we continue to experience very strong revenue growth, but the year-over-year growth percentage is declining as our overall revenue increases, so we expect that to continue onwards. And additionally, if you look kind of -- we can peek at Q4, but historically, Q4 is in line with the Q2 and Q3 numbers. And then I'm going to caveat it all by saying our quarters are very lumpy, and we really do keep a weather eye on our competitors because our competitors continue to be very aggressive out in the market. 
Kelyn Brannon: I think, as I said, as we look over the next 12 to 18 months, we really benefited in Q2 by lower G&A and the push out of some of the litigation expense and SOX compliance work. And so you're going to see starting in Q3 going through 2015, if not into early 2016, increasing cost there as well as us getting SOX compliant by the end of 2015. 
Kelyn Brannon: I think that and going back to our roadshow, we talked about that we are making investments in international and that we expect to see -- start to see fruition of that in the next 2 to 3 years. 
Kelyn Brannon: And then as for the kind of rethink about our effective tax rate, as I mentioned, the Q2 effective tax rate was around 31%. As I look forward to Q3, we're looking at a very similar number between 31% and 32%. And then as we continue to drive, you see the split in our international business. So over the medium term, as our international business grows, it's going to have effect and drive -- help reduce our effective tax rate, but not -- but it's over the medium term as we invest in international and continue to grow that business. What will probably have more of an impact for all of us and including our competitors and all companies will be the reestablishment of the R&D tax credit hopefully happening in Q4. That will have a more of a near-term impact on us versus the international versus domestic split. 
Kelyn Brannon: So as your question on gross margins, as I mentioned in my script that operating margins really, really benefited by a push out of some spend that we had been anticipating in G&A primarily around the OptumSoft litigation. Also, we were -- during the IPO process, we had a patent troll that suit us that we had budgeted litigation expense for which we successfully settled a couple of 3 weeks ago, right before the end of the June quarter. And additionally, we had planned on starting SOX work and public company compliance work within Q2 and actually just hired our director of internal audit towards the end of June, and so that spend has now been pushed out for Q3, Q4 and for 2015. Additionally, gross margins benefited primarily around a release of some warranty reserves that are not required to continue on, and that's kind of a onetime benefit. So those actually were the major impacts if you think about kind of operating margins and how we came down to our non-GAAP EPS. 
Kelyn Brannon: Yes. It's -- the gross amount of the reserve was about $1 million, and it's in the 10-Q, which you'll see later today. 
Kelyn Brannon: So I'll take the first part of the question and then turn it over to Jayshree. But if we think about -- when we look at our gross margin, it really varies a lot by product and by customer mix, and so that played a big part. We also, in the quarter, we planned for aggressive tactics from our competition whose products are not yet generally available, so we had planned for that. But in addition, gross margin also benefited from that onetime warranty benefit from the change of estimates that impacted and drove our gross margin up, which is a onetime effect. 
Kelyn Brannon: So from my chair, and I'm going to put gross margins to the side because that's always the big equalizer, right? But I would look at over 2014, 2015 that if you think about, yes, we will be kind of in those high teens as kind of the low watermark, and we do, and as you notice, we do again focus and can continue to manage operating expense. As we move through the work that's going on with litigation and public company compliance, we would expect at some point in the medium to longer term to return into the -- into the 20s, low 20s. 
Kelyn Brannon: So absolutely, so for next quarter, if I was modeling, I would be looking at that 70 million to 71 million. We're very conscious of the movement in our stock price. So the higher the stock price, you know what that does on the waiting of the share count. And so for this quarter, the Q will be filed around 5:00 tonight, and I believe it was around 61 million. 
