Liz Stine: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on today’s call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks’ President and Chief Executive Officer and Ita Brennan, Arista’s Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal fourth quarter ending December 31, 2022. If you would like a copy of this release, you can access it online at our website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the first quarter of the 2023 fiscal year, longer term financial outlook for 2023 and beyond, our total addressable market and strategy for addressing these market opportunities, supply chain constraints, component costs, manufacturing capacity, inventory purchases and inflationary pressures on our business, extended lead times, product innovation, and the benefits of acquisitions, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Liz Stine: Thank you, Ita. We will now move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you for your understanding. Operator, take it away.
Liz Stine: Great. Thanks Simon. This concludes the Arista Networks’ fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. We have posted a presentation which provides additional information on our results, which you can access on the Investors section of our website. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in Arista.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Liz. And I am glad we avoided Valentine’s Day this time. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon on our fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. 2022 has certainly been a record year for Arista. You might recall, in November 2021 Analyst Day, we had given you a guidance of 30% growth and instead have achieved well beyond that at 48% growth for the year, driving to an annual revenue of $4.38 billion with a non-GAAP earnings per share of $4.58, translating to an EPS growth of 58% for 2022. Indeed, a memorable year. Let’s get back to some Q4 2022 specifics. We delivered $1.276 billion for the quarter, with a non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.41. Services and software support renewals contributed approximately 15.8% of the revenue. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 61%, influenced by our supply chain overhead and cloud titan concentration.  International contribution registered at 23.5% with the Americas at 76.5% in 2022. This was one of our strongest performing international quarters in recent history. In terms of Q4 2022 verticals, cloud titans was our largest and first, followed by enterprise and then specialty cloud providers at third place, financials at fourth, and service providers at fifth place. In 2023, we will report the three segment sectors instead of the verticals. Shifting to the segment sector revenue for 2022, cloud titans contributed significantly at approximately 46%, resulting in a triple-digit growth annually. Enterprise and financials together was strong at approximately 32%, while the providers were at approximately 22%. Both Meta and Microsoft are now far greater than 10% customers at 25.5% and 16% contribution respectively. Clearly, we continue to enjoy a strong and strategic partnership with M&M. With that, I’d like to now invite Anshul Sadana, our Chief Operating Officer, to shed more light on our cloud titan performance.
Jayshree Ullal: No. I think you said it well. Order trends in 2022 were good. We will wait watch and see if the macro has broader effects in ‘23, but our guide and our tone effects that we are pretty positive at the moment.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Well, I’ll take the first one, and I’m sure Anshul will have a few words on the second. How does this break down? If you look at 20 – let me go back to 2021. We had a very nice even split, and cloud titan was actually kind of on the low side. It was 30%, if I remember right, 30-30-40. And if you look at 2022, which we are called titan was outsized when the 30 went to 46. If I had to guess, I would say we’d be between those two numbers. I still think we will have a very healthy cloud titan mix. But enterprise momentum continues to be strong, and you’ll see a contribution from that as well as the Tier 2 specialty cloud providers and service providers as well. So I think it will – my guess is it will look somewhere between ‘21 and ‘22 in terms of split. We will see as the quarter progressed. In terms of the CapEx and the impact of that cloud titans, look, we don’t exactly and equivalently track to CapEx, but eventually, CapEx is an indicator of future – of our future cloud titan progress. I don’t believe at this point that our progress is coming from white box or specific things like commodity, things like that. It’s really coming from, as Anshul pointed out, a very strategic seat at the table on new use cases like AI workloads, which has a multiplicative factor on our bandwidth. So I believe we will have a real seat at the table, especially with Microsoft and Meta. And we will continue to see what the use cases are that we can imagine beyond ‘23. But we’ve been working on this for 10 years, and I think it will continue to be strong.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. We see AI as a very, very important use case and workload for all our cloud titan customers. Clearly, it’s in the first innings. We’re just beginning. So very much like cloud networking 10 years ago, we see AI as an additional use case. It is a very, very small portion of our use cases so far. So a lot of upside ahead.
Jayshree Ullal: Got it, Tal. So first of all, absolutely not. We don’t do any allocation. It’s very much a first in, first out algorithm. And many of the cloud titans clearly were the first in, so therefore, they are the first out. Our enterprise customers and the momentum as the demand is very high, and we fully expect that they will get their turn in this year, in 2023. But given how constrained we were in supply, this is the way it worked out in terms of revenue.
Jayshree Ullal: I think they are very similar. You heard me talk about some of the enterprise momentum. Our customers are really looking for consolidation of their data centers in terms of a better automation, better telemetry, better consolidation of their operational advantages in the data center. Campus is a huge use case. Routing and bringing all of the routing features that we’ve been working on for over 5 years to bear has been a third one. Observability and securities, another use case, our telemetry with CloudVision. So very similar themes to 2022 that we’re seeing in ‘23.
Jayshree Ullal: Approximately, both of them were large contributors. So I don’t have the exact percentages, but we think campus over time will become larger. But at the moment, I would say it’s 6 or 1.5 a dozen of the other.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. No, I think the InfiniBand TAM today has a very – we use HPC $1 billion to $1.5 billion TAM. And it didn’t address AI workloads. I think the advent of this new application is going to open up the whole AI, networking and fabric TAM to much greater than InfiniBand. So not only do we have an opportunity to replace InfiniBand, but we have a greenfield opportunity for new AI fabrics and clusters. So it’s both, not just a legacy InfiniBand opportunity.
Jayshree Ullal: I don’t think – there have been some market studies on this. Some people say $2 billion a year, some people say $4 billion, some say it’s going to $8 billion. So I think it’s still too early to call. It depends on how quickly the adoption of AI fabric happens in all of our large customers.
Jayshree Ullal: So we fully intend to improve our gross margins every quarter thereafter after, potentially hitting a low in Q1, which is an indication of supply chain improving. But at the same time, remember, another huge factor in our contribution to gross margins is the healthy cloud titan mix. We’d like to keep it healthy and ease supply chain, and that will give us some improvements.
Jayshree Ullal: Paul, I’ll let Ita answer this, but I wouldn’t call our current environment approaching normality for some time. So we hope it will be second half that the supply and the demand catch up. But I hope it catches up because we improve our supply, not that demand goes down. So we wanted to also improve for the right reasons.
Jayshree Ullal: I think what we can safely say is we are getting comfortable that lead times will improve throughout the year. Will we get to normal lead times? I think that will still take time because we’ve got to work through our demand.
Jayshree Ullal: [indiscernible]. It had to do with our supply constraints. Component vendors are constantly decommitting.
Jayshree Ullal: And your question on macro, like I said before, we will call it when we see it. We are not seeing anything major and significant yet. And customers are watching, we are watching, and no major trend I can point to.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. So, Tim, on the wired and wireless, we are obviously much stronger on wired because there is a very natural affinity to the Arista EOS stack. So – and we also have a full portfolio, 1RU, 2RU, all the way to a chassis with built-in encryption. No other company, maybe except one, has that. So, we are very competitive there. On the wireless, we are sort of the new kid on the block. And we have – as I said, if you just look at our campus entry, we are a new kid on the block. This is our third year. So, we I think are going from being a toddler to an adult now here very soon. So, we believe we have a strong portfolio also differentiated by CloudVision, both wired/wireless coming into the same spine architecture that we articulate and designed for the data center. So, we feel very, very good about our portfolio being strong. I think more of our efforts will go into go-to-market and reaching these customers because much of what we have done to-date is, if you will, low-hanging fruit with our familiar customers and our existing base.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. So, Ittai, thank you for wishes, by the way and Happy Valentine’s Day. We listened to you and made sure the earnings call was not on Valentine’s Day. To your question, absolutely, we have our choice of vendors and redesigns. Redesigns take time, and qualifying them with our customer takes even longer. So, we have chosen multi-pronged approach, where we do have redesigns that we can invoke, but we are also improving our relationship and partnership with our supply chain vendors. Anshul, your team has been working on that. I think your vendor this has gone from tens to hundreds, if I remember right.
Jayshree Ullal: So, to answer your question in the campus specifically, both with redesigns and with our supplier partnerships, we fully expect to come back and not fall short of our numbers in ‘23.
Jayshree Ullal: Oh, what is the go-to-market. Well, in the near-term, our go-to-market has very much been to target our 9,000 cumulative customers. But we are building a mid-market strategy. We are going to work closely with channel partners. Those things take time. So, I would say our initial go-to-market is our enterprise customers. And over time, we will have a more mid-market strategy.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, James, for the wishes. I think in one word, I would say momentum. Our enterprise customers are really looking for an alternative to what they have got. There is a lot of fatigue in the system. And what’s driving my optimism, where there is backlog from prior demand or present demand, is they are really hungry, and Arista presents that alternative.
Jayshree Ullal: No. We have much lower sales and marketing on the cloud, more technically driven. So, it’s not the same. Going back to your rip-and-replace for financial, I think it F&E means financials and enterprise, just to clarify.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. So, one of the common spreads we are seeing in enterprise and financials is that they want – that nobody is getting more staff to do their job. So, they want more tools to automate and bring their SecOps, DevOps, NetOps, all of their operations together. And this is where the Arista introduction of our continuous integration, continuous design and continuous test has really been strategic because not only do you have to give them a tool for automation, but you also have to work with them and train and teach them how to deploy it. So, these end up not necessarily being rip-and-replace, but sort of a gradual evolution where they will identify the first use case of first data center that they will do this on, and then it will expand – land and expand to more use cases. So, most enterprises are not a rip-and-replace, but it’s a use case that we begin with and then gradually evolve to go into a rip-and-replace as their depreciation gets completed on the existing legacy year. So, it’s a multiyear type of deployment, and it usually begins with a couple of use cases.
Jayshree Ullal: And in terms of visibility, Sami, in the past, we have seen as much as a year’s visibility. If I were to guess, I think as the lead times improve, that visibility will reduce. Maybe it’s down to three quarters now. And the visibility was very much tied to planning cycles. And when the planning cycles were longer than a year because our lead times were longer than a year, then that – then we got greater visibility.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. There is two big reasons. I think in the past, Ethernet was always striking in terms of performance and bandwidth to InfiniBand. Today, as we start talking about 400, 800, 1.2 terabits, the options on Ethernet are much greater and very cost-effective than anybody is there. The other is, I think historically, InfiniBand has been more for high-performance compute use cases. We are very bullish on the AI workloads and its impact on Ethernet, where we don’t believe InfiniBand has any particular advantage and, in fact Ethernet does.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. No headwind to gross margin. Our campus business has good gross margins. I just – as we said, on the product side, I feel very good that the campus can execute. On the go-to-market side, we have more work. So, I am giving our self some optionality that if we do the work really well, we could exceed the $750 million. And if we can’t, then that will be the more likely number.
Anshul Sadana: Thank you, Jayshree. Our partnership with Microsoft and Meta grew even stronger last year. Both of these titans are in the midst of deploying our next-gen 100, 200 and 400-gig products at several [key tails] (ph) of their networks. The cloud is reshaping the Internet with their massive footprint, global backbone and edge partnerships. We are proud to have our products designed into pretty much all of these use cases. In addition, our business with the other titans continued to grow as well. We had additional design wins in backbone WAN and edge [Indiscernible]. This past year, we ramped our 7800R3 series, high-density 400-gig, near-lossless spine. We also introduced several new products based on Tomahawk 4 and our deep buffer Virtual Output Queue systems based on Jericho 2, 7280 and the 7800R3 modular systems. While we will continue to add 100 and 400-gig products to our portfolio, we also launched our first 1 rack unit 25-terabit product, with 800-gig ports that can be broken out as 2 x 400-gig. These products have good use cases and high-speed applications, such as artificial intelligence. EOS, our high-quality resilient network data lake-based operating system, has also matured and now supports cloud scale with multiple copies of the Internet routing table. We co-develop with our cloud customers who greatly appreciate Arista engineering expertise. This past year, we furthered our partnership with Microsoft with SONiC support on many of our high-volume switches. Our work with them on automation and monitoring our skills is very well received for Azure and Bing deployments. At Meta, we have our co-developed platforms, such as the Tomahawk 3 7368 and 7388, which helped them improve throughput and datacenter power efficiencies. [FPaaS](ph) and EOS are deployed with very high reliability in the cluster fabrics using these products. Our deployments in their backbone and in generative AI and recommendation engines with the 7800 series are now smoothly deployed in production. We don’t control macro. We don’t control our customers’ CapEx plans. But when they do spend, we are there with them to make these next-generation cloud networks successful. AI is a good example where we are continuing to grow into next-generation architectures with our cloud customers. The use cases we are involved in are generally core to their business and not an optional spend. Our cloud journey has come a long way over the last decade. This is still a very exciting market segment given the pace of innovation and our partnerships here. Back to you, Jayshree.
Anshul Sadana: Sure, Aaron. First of all, we are proud of our achievement for the first two M and M with the contributions there. On the other titans, we have been engaged fairly well with them. That business is also growing, but it pales in comparison to Microsoft and Meta, but it is not insignificant compared to other opportunities in the market. And we continue to chase those. Those partnerships are very, very strong as well. At some point in the future, if the opportunities materialize, any of these customers decide to go big in the market and buy switches from the industry like us, I think we will perform very well. We start to wait out and get to that opportunity. It’s not clear at say yet. Whether it’s happening in a year or 2 or 3, I don’t know. When it happens, we will be there. And we will do well in where we are today with them, which is essentially routing use cases or DCI use cases or WAN or edge. And we touched on this topic before, too. But if there were shift buying more from the outside, I think we will be ready.
Anshul Sadana: Samik, just keep in mind, Meta slowed down spending a few years ago, right? So there is some catching up to do to sort of the spend that got missed out. So you have to sort of go back what’s an average it out to understand the trend. And second, Jayshree mentioned from what we know so far, we don’t believe there is any change in the networking spend. The CapEx optimization they are discussing are either tied to how the buildings are built, facilities or letting go of nights to our projects.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. Period of another angle here, if you look at how we started to enter this market through some of the CDN companies like Netflix and Spotify, these companies have an SDN approach to edge. It’s a scale-out architecture. You can take a simple router from Arista and scale it out, and the automation and the SDK we provide allows our customers to do that, which is why we do very well in these use cases versus the legacy full-feature traditional router. And our cloud customers, the titan, the Tier 2 cloud, the providers, all like these architectures.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. Michael, I’ll take this one. It’s way hard to generalize. It must have a single number, but AI equals so much more. But I’ll give you an example of something that Andy talked about at the last Analyst Day. And if you look at the recent pattern, which Meta published some papers about some of the time, the GPOs were sitting idle because they were waiting for the [indiscernible] to come back. So networking becomes the bottleneck and [indiscernible] you can add more bandwidth then you essentially become non-blocking. You can do your job can run faster and you can use your GPUs in a much more efficient manner. So a rough order of magnitude with GPU clusters need about 3x more bandwidth than a traditional compute network today. But again, that’s a generalization, doesn’t apply to every use case. But if you need a single number, that’s the one I would use.
Anshul Sadana: That’s right, Jayshree. This is the first time we are close to almost 100 suppliers where we talk to them directly. Even if we don’t buy the components from them, we control the relationship and the technology and the roadmap...
Anshul Sadana: Sure. On the Meta question, David, experience and so on, I think the high-level message to us is similar around their business efficiently as efficiently as possible and optimize. So, projects are nice to have. Obviously, those are getting cut back. And as you mentioned, in base like colos and so on, you don’t need a very large architecture to start with. If you only have a 3-megawatt side, as an example, you have a smaller cluster size. But our products already fit very well in all of these use cases. So, we don’t believe there is any significant impact to networking from what we can tell today in the near-term, right. We don’t have visibility, that’s many, many years out today. But the message we have been given is basically no big impact to networking as far as we are concerned.
Anshul Sadana: Okay. And on the Meta question, the Meta architecture already is quite modular with – you talked about design for development than terabits 7388. It can go up to 256 ECMP, 256 net bus. The cluster sizes are smaller, they don’t need 256. Maybe they can start with 16 or 32. So, we already built into the model today. I don’t believe it has any impact on us. Same thing on the 7800 AI spine, they can add a number of line cards based on the number of GPUs or RACs that they are connected to. So, we are very, very efficient already and this fits very well in their model.
Ita Brennan: Yes. Jason, as you know, we don’t really talk about orders and backlog. I think we did talk about kind of healthy demand across the various pieces of the business. And obviously, we’re reaffirming the guidance for 2023. So there is good support for that. Jayshree, I don’t know if you want to add anything to that.
Ita Brennan: Yes. No. No, we didn’t talk about negative growth. If you look at the trend last year, you’ll see it really accelerated post Q1, right? So that’s why you’re seeing a much stronger growth rate year-over-year with our Q1 guide, then you will move through the year. So I think after Q1, it’s better to start to look at it as a quarter-by-quarter – on a quarter-by-quarter basis and kind of earlier revenues quarter-by-quarter. There is certainly no kind of negative growth in that. I think you’ll get a better answer if you kind of just grow kind of quarter-over-quarter from there on out. Q1 was a much lower revenue number last year back on the trend.
Ita Brennan: Alex, I think the goal, obviously, is to improve – have supply improve and then improve manufacturing and improve efficiencies, and we will be working on that as we go through the year. I don’t know what the final normal will be. We will have to see. I think just given everything that we’ve been through from a supply chain perspective, it’s probably – maybe there is a little bit more lead time visibility that will end up in the system at the end, but we will have to see.
Ita Brennan: No. Decommits on the supply side. I mean. We’ve had a some thousand starts on the supply side, for sure, if that’s the question.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I mean, I’ll take the cash piece of it first. Yes, I’m not sure that we start to see it kind of come down just yet. I think probably, at least for the first half, we will probably still be building inventory. I mean we do have some kind of key components that are still long lead time. And we wanted to build buffers, so we will continue to do that. And then hopefully, in the second half, it’s probably at least kind of flattened out. But again, we will update that as we go quarter-by-quarter. But I think there is definitely a piece that’s still going to be a long lead time that will kind of hold inventory a little bit higher than what we might like for the time being.
Ita Brennan: Maybe I will take the cash one first. I mean a lot of the DSO growth is really around those service renewals that we saw at the back end of the quarter. If you think about those and how they flowed, they generate almost no revenue. But obviously, they are in AR, they are multiyear, so it causes the AR to spike. We will collect kind of a lot of that in Q1. Good healthy am or balance target, I think into Q1. There is no change in aging or anything else. It’s really just the timing of those service renewals and the fact that they end up in AR at the end of the quarter.
Ita Brennan: Yes. Maybe I will take that one first, Jim. I am not quite ready yet to call kind of a turns number for the end of the year. I think inventory dollars probably grow, certainly through the first half. And then hopefully, we can flatten out from there. We will look for optimization, but there is still a fair amount of kind of long lead time items that we need to kind of carry and buffer. So, I will come back to you as we kind of go through the year. But I think certainly for the first half, you should be looking for inventory to probably continue to grow on an absolute dollar basis.
Ita Brennan: Maybe I will take that one quickly first. I mean I think the gross margins, we have kind of talked about it, improving as we go through the year, and kind of the mix is obviously part of that. Operating margin is pretty neutral actually between cloud versus the rest. So, I don’t know that there is any big driver there.
Ita Brennan: Yes. No, I think – I don’t like balloon as a word. I mean there are certain suppliers where lead times are [Technical Difficulty] inventory. So, we will continue to do that. I think on the purchase commitment, we talked about this a little bit at the Analyst Day as well. I mean as lead times start to move around, obviously, we will work with the contract on those take [ph]. That’s why, I mean over time, that number should come down as aging to lead time with the contract manufacturers.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I think on the pricing piece of it, I mean for sure, we are getting some benefit from the pricing. But as time goes on, it starts in – the dynamic environment, it starts to be harder to track that kind of when it gets lost in the overall growth in the business. But we did check, and there is definitely some uptick for pricing there. It’s just not something that we are kind of tracking on an ongoing basis.
