Chuck Elliott: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks' President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2018. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company's website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks' management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the first quarter of 2019 fiscal year, industry innovations, our market opportunity, the benefits of recent acquisitions and the impact of litigation, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, and which would cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Chuck Elliott: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the queue portion of the Arista earnings. Due to time constraints, I'd like request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question.
Chuck Elliott: This concludes the Arista Q4 2018 earnings call. Thank you for all the good questions and for the opportunity to highlight our financial results and corporate achievements for you. I also want to mention that we have posted a presentation, which provides additional information on our fiscal results, which you can access on the Investor section of our website. We look forward to continuing the conversation with you during the quarter.
Anshul Sadana: Thank you, Jayshree. While we pioneered our cloud networking mission with 2-tier leaf spine designs, our customers are now using Arista products in a multitude of roles, both within and outside the traditional datacenter boundaries, which we term as PICs or places in the cloud. We are now successfully deployed in many PIC roles, leaf, spine, bare metal, cluster interconnect, regional spine, DCI, metro interconnect, peering spine, private backbone and extended long-haul use cases. Wire speed 256-bit encryption MACsec encryption has secured all traffic that leaves the datacenter facility of our customers. In addition to recent speeds, Arista EOS is strongly preferred for the cloud's mission-critical use cases, due to superior quality, programmability via robust APIs and our EOS SDK. Our state-based real-time telemetry delivers world-class analytics, monitoring and traffic engineering of these networks. All of these compelling advantages have created a collaborative partnership with our cloud customers as a build for next generation architectures with ever increasing workloads. Back to you, Jayshree.
Anshul Sadana: Certainly, Samik, you're right. There are many of the expanded use cases that we didn't join into. But as a result of us doing routing, encryption, some of the DWDM products that we have this emitting colored wavelengths, we are now able to participate in an increasing TAM. And in the past, you always considered us just as a switch, but we are now able to take on these higher lid. But in addition to that, it's not just a one for one displacement. These are new architectures that are significantly more resilient. The goal many of the cloud titans have and even the smaller cloud companies, just out of smaller scale, is to not focus on one network that is this mythical [fifty-nine] [ph], but build networks that are parallel architectures, that are highly resilient and be able to do that with our leaf/spine architectures and some of the new use cases, whether it's peering or DCI or regional fabrics, the regional spines; and pretty much the same approach, but expanding to a much wider area within a metro, 100 kilometer plus.
Anshul Sadana: Jeff, I'll add a few things here. Number one, last year or the last few quarters, there's been significant volatility in memory prices for servers and that resulted in increased CapEx for many other cloud titans and also resulted in a reduction in cloud CapEx for many of the titans. That has no impact with networking, so as a result we are not correlated there. And second when you look at very large build out of regions, datacenters facilities, all of that often gets counted out as CapEx, but obviously we're just focused on how much networking interconnect you need at different layers of different architectures and hence you'll see less correlation in the short-term. As Jayshree mentioned, in the very long run these things can tie back, but they're not even associated within that one year, and hence the data, but otherwise we've done well technically with the cloud titans and we are happy to compete going forward as well. Thank you.
Anshul Sadana: I would say networking from our standpoint, not so I think it's very, very similar to some previous years. However, optics is a different ball game and as you very well known, 400-gig optics are slightly more expensive on a per gigabit basis compared to 100-gig - not per gigabit, per port, and I think that will change some of the equation if it is being allocated to networking, but I don't think our correlations gets changed that way.
Anshul Sadana: Absolutely. Thanks, Jayshree. So just adding on to what you just heard, in networking you do not introduce a new speed that's not backwards-compatible with the existing installed base, otherwise you'll just never get to get it to work, which is how IPv5 died.
Anshul Sadana: But if you look at 400-gig in the cloud datacenters and the way the architectures are going on, the hyperscalers are hyperactive with the next gen design and they all have their own problems to solve for different use cases where it's public cloud or storage or video or caching and so on. You can't just touch one intermediate layer and say, I'm done with my 400-gig upgrade, you have to upgrade end-to-end, so there's slow transition and hence the interop is important. I would say interop offer 400-gig uptake back into a DR1 QSFP28 is going to be very, very important even for cloud customers, that's the only way you connect back to the installed base, but because now you're able to touch multiple layers, it takes a long time - several quarters to several years to actually get that upgrade done.
Anshul Sadana: Sure, absolutely. Alex, great questions. And in terms of CapEx for the large cloud titans, we certainly don't have visibility yet into second half. We would love them to forecast accurately as you very well know. On the first half, because we're in so many diverse use cases, we are getting a little bit decoupled in the short-term from the exact server spend. They might be buying fewer racks now, but they're still doing DCI but also other things and so on. But the same time obviously, if they spend more in the long run we could benefit. Now to your point on 100-gig spending or 100-gig ports are doubling - and I would emphasize actually 100-gig ports that are doubling not the spend is because some of the next generation technology is now starting to show up in the market including some of our products, which are really being used not as 400-gig but more cost-effective four by 100-gig, and that allows customers to get many more ports than what they used to be in the past, but that doesn't change the revenue dynamics significantly. It just lowers the ASP and increased the port count.
Anshul Sadana: Maybe if I can add something here. We should not confuse product availability versus high volume deployment. These are two different things.
Anshul Sadana: So, James, in terms of first optics on 400 gig OSFP versus DD, in the cloud titans, there's a lot of interest in moving the world forward, and planning it out many years in advance, so that you can actually move to the next generation. So in fact it's the hyperscalers where there's a lot of interest in OSFP. At the same time, we are cognizant that some of the customers need DD based products, so we'll build those as well. But as you may recognize, DD has a short life cycle, because after the [fifty-thirty] [ph] cycle, it can't really work. So then the world has to move forward. So we'll do both. We believe there will be a very healthy mix and good attach rate of OSFP here. With respect to the white boxes, we've touched on this many, many times. We're very competitive in this market. And as we mentioned before, we're not really - customers are not looking to just buy a cheap white box and then do something cool with it. They want to solve real world problems. But they are co-developing with us and partnering with us to solve these problems, taking parts or all of EOS and building on top of that. And as you can see, our business is very healthy with them. And despite all the noise, we feel good about our position there.
Anshul Sadana: Sure, absolutely. Thanks, Hendi. We haven't seen much of a big change in terms of perception. I think people are certainly worried that if there's a slowdown there will be a correction. Our customers do talk about it, but nothing material has happened so far. I think I've been watching these trends very carefully. Beyond that, the actual opportunity hasn't changed for us. It's a very large TAM we're catering to. And when you look at enterprises there is still a very, very healthy opportunity ahead of us. The same is true in the tier 2 and the specialty providers, as well as financials, and even more expansion possible for us in future in ASPs. So we still feel very good about the opportunity. We believe the market has multiple players. But we are a very, very strong competitor in this space and hence the opportunity to grow.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Anshul. Effective March 2019, I'm really pleased to announce the promotion of Anshul Sadana to chief operating officer. In this expanded role, Anshul augments his present worldwide product management and customer facing functions with platform engineering, manufacturing and operations. Anshul, as many of you may know has been a key pillar and contributor at Arista for over 11 years, demonstrating that keen unique sense of product depth driving our consistent differentiation in a typical Arista way. Please do join me in congratulating, Anshul on his very well-deserved promotion. Arista continues to drive cloud area networking where the future of networking is not siloed to a switch or a router box alone, but in fact a software-driven places in the cloud. As we exit 2018, we believe we hold the number one market spot in 100-gigabit Ethernet switching share in port for the high speed datacenter segment. As I have mentioned last year, scaling the company and the team was a stated goal. We accomplished this many ways, including the addition of two senior officers to our executive leadership team, John McCool, our chief platform officer and Manny Rivelo, our newly appointed chief custom officer. We also successfully integrated our first two M&A transactions this year - last year, Mojo Networks for Cognitive Wi-Fi in the campus and Metamako for ultra-low latency networking. Our employee bench strength increased to 2,300 in 2018, from 1,700 in 2017, while maintaining a very high bar for topnotch talent. What is increasingly clear to me is that Arista is gaining strategic relevance and how to seat at the table with enterprises seeking next generation cloud area networking as a compelling alternative. And with that I'd like to turn it over to Ita for more financial specifics.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, Jason, you can well imagine not only have we debated it, I think you all have debated it. If you look back at our 5-year short history since IPO, we have never provided annual guidance. I think we made an exception once, when we felt that consensus was significantly different than our guidance. And therefore, we took exception to that, and wanted to course correct and let you know that it was way off our guidance. So I think you can safely assume that since we're not doing that that we want to go back to our normal mode of quarterly guidance and we're comfortable with your current consensus estimates.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, so thanks Alex. Happy Valentine's Day to you as well, we love you all. And what I would say in general is this is truly an unprecedented once-in-a-lifetime or one-of-a-kind year with Microsoft. We don't expect that to repeat. We love for that to repeat, but we don't expect that. And we believe they will continue to be 10% concentration customer in 2019, but will go back to a more normal percentage of our revenue. I think the cloud titans as a category did extremely well for us. All 5 major cloud titans that typically contribute to Arista as part of the top 10 customers continue to make important contributions in 2018. We expect there to always be some shift in balance between the 5 and 2019 will likely be different in the contribution of the cloud titan. But I think you're right in assuming that as a category we still expect them to be about a third of our revenue in 2019. And they were higher due to the Microsoft concentration in 2018.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. We haven't really thought it through or formulated a plan. We're hoping it never happens. But, yes, we would apply something similar.
Jayshree Ullal: And to answer your question on growth, we obviously don't expect Microsoft to have the same amazing growth in 2018 - 2019 that we had in 2018. But we fully expect the cloud titan category to grow well, if that makes sense. So I think there will be puts and takes in our other contributors and other customers, be it cloud titans or even some other tier 2 cloud providers are going to greatly contribute to our cloud growth.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes and no. I'm expecting growth from Microsoft to moderate, but I haven't said I'm expecting growth from the cloud titan vertical to moderate.
Jayshree Ullal: I didn't say that, no. But I think it's fair to say it will moderate with Microsoft given the once in a lifetime unique year we had here in 2018. So with the exception of -
Jayshree Ullal: With the exception of Microsoft, we feel very comfortable of our growth in all five verticals, I think that's why - and Paul we can chat about this more, but we should probably allow the next question.
Jayshree Ullal: Sami, I'll take a crack at it and I think Manny and Anshul may help me as well. Look I think given a very small presence in service provider, we don't believe we are affected by macro trends and in our view at least, the influence of Arista gear is not 5G-dependent, because we're really a backhaul for IP routing and ring switching and routing together and providing the scale of routes and IP tables and the ACLs that no one does. That said I don't think - we think 5G is really a move away - 400-gig is 2020, I think we think 5G is 2021. So from our perspective, we've got upside in service provider because we had a very strong 2017. We're disappointed with 2018 and that gives us a chance to grow faster in 2019. We're seeing tremendous activity both in the US and we have put more emphasis in international theaters. Manny, maybe you want to speak to that.
Jayshree Ullal: That will depend on our execution, Alex. We've held on to the number one position for two years in a row, hopefully this year will be out there.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Aaron. I think it's a really good question. I believe we have a national expansion even before Jericho 2, which has had to do with a lot of our FlexRoute features and the 50% growth of our customers from 200 to 300. So at least in 2019, I see that more immediate success will be not necessarily waiting for the next generation of silicon, but really going into these 200 to 300 customers and enabling greatest success, many of who are service providers. Now after that the Jericho 2 cycle, which really hits in the second half of the year - Ashul is confirming, I think we can have a multi-year success in routing in 2020 and beyond with Jericho 2.
Jayshree Ullal: It's a tough one to answer. The total market is $8 billion, but I think our TAM is more like two to three - it's a good guess. But some of them end up being very specific, traditional legacy MPLS traffic engineering boxes - Arista, doesn't play in that but as they look to come in as Manny was describing into the spine peering and interconnect and NFV and Telco cloud, Arista is a national player to combine the universal spine switching and routing.
Jayshree Ullal: We'll give it our best but this is purely a forecast. I think if you look at TAM, the largest TAM of these three - campus, routing and 400-gig is campus. And it's also the most underserved by any alternative competitor, because it's so deeply embedded by incumbency. So we believe our largest strength and opportunity is campus and our largest pressure to execute is also campus, if I put that in that way. And then I think if I had to split the two, I would say routing second than 400-gig third, because I think routing really doesn't come in - 400-gig doesn't really come into play in a huge way until 2020.
Jayshree Ullal: And I think the other way to think of this is, that in many ways we did get six quarters of business in four quarters, right, because of the deferred and because of the legal certifications. So it was unusual in every manner, right, not just the deferred, but the legal certifications, the new roles and the time at which you could recognize it, even though the activity began much before.
Jayshree Ullal: It's a long-term model and we'll take the opportunity to do that at some point here. I mean, I think what we're seeing is in the near-term timeframe, the plus or minus 35% operating margin is a good way to think about it. And that allows us to see some movement of gross margin quarter-over-quarter and make the investments that we want to make, right. I mean, if we're - yeah, we're still in a situation where we're growing the top line at the rate that we're growing the top line at. It's letting us to and make the investments that we need to make. It's that Manny do what he needs to do in the sales and marketing side. And I think you will see that kind of be maybe more of a percentage of revenue than it has been. And maybe we get a little bit of leverage on the R&D, but that's not going to be the same every quarter and it's not significant, right. And I think about the 35% plus or minus.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, I think we actually, Srini, sell to some of the world's leading early adopters a 400 gig. And where, Anshul and the team are seeing traction is in the cloud titan vertical. We work with a multitude of optics vendors and we see that as the longest pole in the tent. So while we absolutely expect to see early trials in the second half we would be responsible to tell you we're going to see a large market in the second half. So I guess you could chalk it down to our responsibility.
Jayshree Ullal: And I think the noise in general has reduced a lot. We haven't, we don't hear white box from our customers very much anymore. So to answer your question more directly, it's usually a competitive position against a specific vendor like Cisco, rather than the description or discussion of a white box.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Thanks, Hendi. Well, I would say Arista has not seen any macroeconomic uncertainty either in Q4. I think obviously we're not a bellwether here. But as far as our customers have been signaling to us, our enterprise momentum hasn't been stronger. And we continue to see strength there in Q4 and we look forward to that strength continuing in 2019. I'm going to let Anshul answer the 2019 trend.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, John. I'm actually glad you asked this question, because, yeah, we tend to focus on the cloud titans a lot. But one of the things we're seeing, it is one of our second largest and fastest growing vertical. And there's a very strong interest in bringing those same cloud principles into the datacenter in the enterprise. And it really comes in three flavors, first, how to build a private cloud with leaf/spine architectures and scale out the same way, albeit in smaller scale. The second is to bring - to mimic some of the cloud management principles with the CloudVision, bringing change control, automation, network-wide analytics, et cetera. And the third is the hybrid cloud. No company is better positioned than Arista, as we have deployed in both the public and the enterprise, and bringing those two together from a workload point of view. So the combination of our vEOS Router with the right APIs to multiple public cloud vendors has been very transformational and well received. And finally, of course, the fourth, which I don't want to over talk, but will really come to play in the second half of this year is the campus. So when you look at our whole PINs to PICs transformation, there's at least four different use cases in the enterprise that are exciting.
Jayshree Ullal: I think we definitely Arista has looked at it in a - to be more of a consultative approach, provide the right training. And the professional services varies, we often partner with someone or they look for us to come in. Manny, I don't know if you have more to add to that. We don't see a pattern yet.
Ita Brennan: Yeah. I think it applies to products that have components that are actually tariff, right. It doesn't apply on the software and optic system and stuff. And, again, we're making plans, we have the plans for how we start to remediate that with the supply chain. It just takes time to execute on those on those plans, right, you don't move. It takes time to affect the supply chain movement. But we're working on that. We'll share more...
Ita Brennan: Yeah, maybe let's just talk about the deferred piece, just to make sure we're thinking about that the same way. I mean, at the end of the day, deferred revenue, product deferred revenue did not contribute to revenue for the year, right? So if Microsoft, the mix of Microsoft change, and obviously that resulted in Microsoft having a higher percentage of revenue, right? But also the deferred was backfilled with some other activities. So when I think about it on an activity basis, Microsoft's activity in the period was significantly below the 27%, not back to the teens, because we had some good you use cases, et cetera, but significantly below that 27%, just to be clear. So when you think about transactional activity in the period the deferred kind of comes out of that and we did backfill that deferred amount with some other customers, right.
Ita Brennan: Yeah, let me take that one first. I mean, I think the 15 and a half is probably high, right. The Q4 tends to be a strong renewal quarter and there's some recognition of revenue that comes along with that so I think back in the 14%, maybe 14 and change is kind of probably a better average for the year, is how you should think about it.
Ita Brennan: No more than the normal seasonality, right. I think it's always a quarter that tends to be flattish off of Q4, I don't know if there's anything else particularly unique about Q1.
Ita Brennan: Yeah, I mean you know the mix between international and U.S. in any given quarter is going to be pretty volatile, right. If you look at it for the year, which I think is kind of more interesting and you peel it back, you've got good growth in the in-region businesses and then just a heavier deployment of cloud in the U.S. than what we saw last year, right. We had seen some pretty heavy international cloud activity last year, this year it's been more U.S. focused, right so I think that's probably the biggest driver. If I strip all that out and look at the growth in the region those businesses are going faster than the corporate average. I think Manny, if you want to chime in as well.
Ita Brennan: Yeah, I mean I don't know they're going to put specific numbers on it, but I think it was a it was a good strong Microsoft year just from an organic business perspective and it would have been well ahead of the 16% in any case. But again a chunk of what the 27 came from the deferred.
Ita Brennan: Yeah, I don't think we're going to do that, right. It moved around. Yeah, it's not really helpful to start to try and do that on a quarterly basis. I think the annual number is really the way to think about it and then take some off the top for the deferred, for the release of the legal related certification stuff at the beginning of last year. And so think about 16% was our norm, for the last couple years. I think it was a good strong year for Microsoft on top of that just from a transactional business perspective.
Manuel Rivelo: So Jayshree classified it correctly. It is early days and we see this being material in the second half of 2019, but the initial acceptance has been really well-received by the customers. And I think there's two categories for customers, and the first is our existing installed base. And that installed base is looking to extend EOS across their infrastructure into the campus driving one management plane, cognitive management plane one set of telemetry, one EOS. And they're really looking to for simplicity. They're looking for agility. They're looking for scale and they're looking for quality. The second type of customer running into are customers who haven't done business with that know we're approaching the campus space. And those customers are really looking at us as an alternative because of fatigue. They're seeing in the market segment basically 30 years of lack of innovation, 30 years of stagnant architectures and more and more boxes being pushed out instead of a unified architecture, so we're seeing great traction with those customers early days. But like I said it's early days we got around with the portfolio and bring that to the customer base, but there's a lot of excitement there also. And then just to give you examples of when, I mean, we had various winds throughout the quarter in the campus. One was a million dollar account, which is a multinational beverage company where we basically were driving our campus solutions into that and drove great success into that and we expect to see expansion going on there. And we've also had lots of winds where we began to integrate our Spline architecture inside those use cases, and again for the same reasons scale, quality, fatigue et cetera.
Manuel Rivelo: Yeah, no, I - just to add to that. In the use cases that we play and service provider whether it'd be Telco cloud and FEI [ph] or peering we're doing quite well at executing across the globe in various tier I and tier II operators. In other use cases, the portfolio continues to run itself out. It's additional features to cover those use cases, but as Jayshree pointed out, we've also made investments in 2018 for better coverage both on the account manager side and on the SE side to represent those Tier I operators who are getting more fast as it pertains to our piece and proof-of-concept, so we think that that will bode well as we enter 2019 and beyond.
Manuel Rivelo: Yeah, I think what I'll add on top of that and I think Jayshree said it and Ita said as well, is we are actually seeing great and we're making a significant investment in our international markets from a headcount perspective. We're bouncing that out fairly nicely approximately 40% is going to international headcount, that's a little higher than what you're seeing from a percentage of business. But what's more interesting is the net new logos where we are seeing a lot of new winds there approximately half of our net new logos are coming out of the international market so having a great traction there, great acceptance of technology. You could argue in some of the international markets they're a little behind in the adoption of spine leaf architectures, but they're coming along quite nicely and we think that's a growth engine also for the future.
Manuel Rivelo: Yeah, I mean, in general it's an education for the customer base, as they transform their infrastructures into a much more digital framework, they're going to need these modern datacenters, no different than the cloud providers. So those solutions are proven and tested. And we can deliver those. Then the delivery of that solution to the customer either comes through development effort, education, training that we can provide and/or through our professional services and/or our partner network that could offer those services. So we have a lot of flexibility there. And we're seeing that being pretty well accepted across all three of those spectrums.
Paul Silverstein: Right, I'm probably back to action. So for the first quarter and the 25% of there about year-over-year guidance that you gave, how do you get there - could you help break it down by customer - I'm not asking by individual customers, but in terms of customer verticals, what drives that growth and then I have a follow up question.
Paul Silverstein: So you're not expecting growth from your other cloud titans to moderate and from your cloud titan verticals collectively.
Paul Silverstein: Can I just quickly ask you as a follow up, is there anything unique about the first quarter relative to the rest of the year.
