Chuck Elliott: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks' President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal first quarter ended March 31, 2016. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company's website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks' management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the second quarter of the 2016 fiscal year, industry innovation, our market opportunity, and the impact of litigation, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today, and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis, and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Chuck Elliott: We will now begin the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question due to time constraints. Thanks, all.
Chuck Elliott: Great. So this concludes the Arista Q1 2016 earnings call. I also want to mention that we have posted a presentation which provides additional perspective on our first quarter 2016 fiscal results, which you can access on the Investors section of our website. Thank you to everyone for joining us today.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Kulbinder. I think, the full vertical balance continues, although very much like Q4, Q1 had a strong contribution from cloud titans. And as long as you see a strong contribution from cloud titans, the gross margins tend to be lower. So if you recall, we saw 64% in Q4, and we're continuing to see around 64%. And I would go as far as to say, perhaps 64% is becoming closer to our reality on a per-quarter basis, with the possibility of it going to 62% and 63%, as well. And that is a, reflection not just of the cloud titan mix, but any volume-driven customer in any of the verticals.
Jayshree Ullal: So I wouldn't say there's dramatic changes, but there's certainly a strong acceptance of key cloud titan customers who are increasing their spend in general in the cloud, and therefore with Arista. In terms of 10% concentration, we do not talk about this on a quarterly basis, but we'll certainly share this to you at the end of the year.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. Certainly. Thanks, James. We view these internal developments as important elements of application control for our cloud titans, and because we have such an open programmable EOS, we definitely view them not as a threat, but as an opportunity. And what I mean by that is, if you look at – let's take three examples of these that I tried to highlight earlier in my opening comments. We worked very closely with Facebook and Wedge and FBOSS to make sure that some of their user feed, cloud native applications could work better, and it's one use case in the least. Another example is our contribution of our drivers to SONiC; that was announced as part of OCP. A third example is the work that Google and AT&T and many companies are doing on OpenConfig in developing higher levels of abstraction. Arista is closely working on elements of EOS and tying that with these initiatives. So in that case, as I explained earlier, these end up being important building blocks, and typically, these are investments that the titans make that are not hundreds of thousands of engineers, but maybe tens of engineers. And so what we do and they do together is more tightly coupled and better together than each one alone. So from our perspective, there's always an important control of element for our cloud titans with the tremendous scale they have that we must help them with, and we look at this as joint development and joint solutions.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, actually we're very pleased with the deployment of cloud, and clearly the cloud titans are creating hyperscale networks. But I want to reiterate, Paul, that it isn't just the cloud titans. We're seeing a very nice mix of service providers, high tech enterprise and financials. And all of them have contributed in Q1 2016 to adoption of the cloud. I'll reiterate that the scale of the cloud is always far greater with the titans. But the deployment of the cloud is across all four verticals. So we feel good.
Jayshree Ullal: So, Paul, in general I do feel strongly that you should consider our long-term band to be 60% to 65%, particularly as we bring more capacity into the United States and we have some additional costs. But in addition to that, remember we're still in a very competitive environment where average ASPs for 10-gig for sure are still coming down. And while we're seeing a nice uptake in the acceptance of 100-gig, there is no reason to imagine that we would trade off maintaining gross margin for market share. In other words, we're still going all-out for increasing our market share. In fact, when even I talk to our board, they say, you can do even better than increasing their shares. So given that backdrop, I would still say our long-term gross margin is in the 60% to 65% range.
Jayshree Ullal: Oh. Thank you, Tal. So regarding our routing opportunity, as I said, I'm very proud of the 7500R Series. It's a fantastically well-designed, well-architected product, lot of third-party acceptance and independent benchmarks. I would look at the 7500R in sort of two applications. One is in the traditional data center market we already are, where it is being accepted by our existing customers as a natural 100-gig Spine. So we believe the qualifications and the deployment of a 100-gig Spine will be quicker there, because these are customers who already know that, and by quicker, I mean it can be one to three quarters. So I view that as a positive. In terms of the Spine being a router, replacing things like the MX or others, that would be a longer qualification time, because while it's not a different platform, there will be a qualification, and there will be a testing bed that is longer than one or two quarters. So I would say, over there, it can be six months to a year. So the material effect of the 7500R will be faster in the switching application, so it's 100-gig Spine, and will be second half to next year for routing applications. And in general, even in the short time we've had – we launched this product March 29. So here we are with less than six weeks of data. The reception has been very positive.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Tal. On pricing, no change. Competitors continue to be aggressive, and we continue to be competitive.
Jayshree Ullal: Wow. Thanks, Mark. You're not old. We're middle-aged. If you're old, I am too. That was a great summary. And we really are proud of our go-to-market, and what Mark and the team have done to build customer intimacy, which along with our excellent products, really gives a total differentiated experience. Alex, did you have a – did we answer your question? You said you had a micro-question.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Alex. The financials – we are still seeing strong interest from them. Definitely they've spent less in the last quarter, and the last second half, I would say. But I think, going into Q2 – and this year, we expect our spending to be good. Maybe not super strong, but we don't see weakness the way others are describing. So, pretty good. In terms of routing and routers and what acceptance, six weeks don't make a trend, but I have to tell you the excitement, the enthusiasm and the differentiation of VR (31:20). We definitely think we will see material impact in 2017, and maybe with a little bit of customer qualification acceleration, we could see it sooner. But we're still planning on 2017.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, perfect. We have been ready in trials in Q1, so we'll be ready for general availability in Q2.
Jayshree Ullal: Simon, thank you. I remember it well, and I will come back to you with metrics. But if I had to give you a qualitative answer right now, I would say the partnerships are going very well. Our top partners are VMware, HP and Palo Alto Networks. If I had to add a number set of partners that I'm getting excited about, it would be in the media and entertainment space, where we had a very successful broadcasting show last month. And also stay tuned for some exciting things we're doing in storage. So I still owe you metrics, but qualitatively I'm very pleased. And actually, Mark, since you're with us, and you deal with this much more. Maybe you can broaden Simon's question and spare with us how things are going in the channel and the technology partners.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Hendi. No, I think it's a very natural extension from where we are. Be clear that, Arista has been doing switching and routing for a long time. We've been doing BGP routing for several years. We're doing multicast routing; we're doing VXLAN routing. What we've really done with the R Series is expand the scale and expand the routing protocols and Internet tables with FlexRoute. So now we now have selective route downloads, segment routing, MPLS, LBP-type routing. And we're really bringing in additional WAN protocols and a level of high availability. So I don't think it's a dramatic change in our customers' learning, nor in our SE (37:06) and sales force understanding. But it will take time to associate Arista with that and qualify it. But in terms technology adjacency, it's very natural.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. So I think, one of the things you heard – thanks, Ryan – Ita say is we're really working on building the right inventory mix of new product and existing product. And you are right; there are a lot of chips in the mix here, existing chips as well as new chips like Tomahawk and Jericho. But be clear, there's still an awful lot of going on with Trident and (41:36), so we're dealing with a tremendous amount of component variety with varying levels of lead times. And typically these lead times require us to plan our forecast three months to four months in advance because the lead times for the components can be that long. So no material change there from our vendors, but they're certainly working very closely with us, and we factor that in like we always do. And this is true by the way both for new products and existing products, so we aren't seeing it just on Jericho or just on one type.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, got it. Separate from the supply constraints, as I said, we announced the platform March 29, we started shipping in Q2 and the acceptance and the reception has – we are already into double digit customers. And a tremendous amount of the acceptance is as a 100-gigabit Spine.
Jayshree Ullal: Vijay, you're asking me to speculate something I don't have an answer to. Let's just say, I've read more press about it than I can comment on. But I think the more general answer, rather than specific to a Tier 1 would be, the 7500 is a very natural product for large-scale cloud and service providers, both Tier 1 and Tier 2. So you would expect we're seeing a lot of interest in collapsing two layers that are very costly for them today, and bringing both OpEx and CapEx advantages to them.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. That's very true. And the channel for us means more than just channel partners. It also means our technology partners. So it's a much more holistic approach to that.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. Rajesh, that's an excellent question, and I know it's one that many of you view as it's either/or; I view it as and. I think if we work with them closely on software stacks, take a large titan, they generally have multiple tiers of Leafs and multiple tiers of Spines. And it is quite possible that one of those tiers of Leafs may be software-only from Arista, or maybe a joint software development from Arista, and the cloud titan, but it still keeps a lot of opportunity available for us in other application. So I think, you are going to see different strokes and different folks and different building blocks. And especially the Tier 0 Leaf could be one that we do more as software-only, should the cloud titan want to go there. So we don't rule that out. And in terms of profit pool, it can actually be pretty good in gross margin, even if the gross margin percentages – even if the dollars maybe lower. So we view this as a portfolio. We don't view this as one particular product.
Jayshree Ullal: Wow. Okay. Thank you, Stanley. We'll try. Ita, you want to take the gross margin question? And I'll address the Spine.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, so with respect to Spines and white box, maturity of the white box activity or the things you see tend to be in the Leaf, in simple single-chip configuration. The spine is a more difficult thing, especially in the chassis to do. I don't say I preclude it, but I think what you'll see is many tiers of Leafs, many tears of Spines. With the Leaf, there will be more experimental project. But the Spine, especially with Arista's highly-differentiated product both on the architecture and on the EOS, we feel very comfortable, especially at 40-gig, 50-gig and 100-gig will be ours to lose. So back to the portfolio answer, I think, it will really be a mix and match, and white box may mean that they get standard hardware from somewhere, but may still consider our software. Spine really, I think is still very much a decision they make in totality with the vendor, because there's so much complexity in the scale, the switching, the routing, the high reliability that you really have to think twice before building core capability internally for that.
Jayshree Ullal: That's hard to predict at the moment, but I think it's not going to be something that just happened suddenly, one quarter or one year later. It's going to be gradual.
Jayshree Ullal: We're seeing overall share gain. Clearly, the titans are contributing to it, but so are the three verticals including the enterprise.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. What's really nice is, a new manufacturing facility means everything is highly automated. You get to bring brand new machines and you get to spend lots of money. The flip side of that is you also have some increased labor and wages, and overheads from that initially, until we streamline the operation and get the cost out of it. Nothing different than we saw early on when we even started our first and second contract manufactures, but it is a process, and it is a multi-year process.
Jayshree Ullal: No, we've been always seeing different products from different companies, and they've always been aggressive and competitive. And when I say it hasn't changed, I mean the aggression continues in the same way it always has. No different. There's always been a level of dynamic and highly-competitive and highly-pressured on the price, but since we've always experienced it, there's no change in the aggression.
Jayshree Ullal: Hi, Simona. Thank you. No, our Cloud Scale and cloud titans are very much a mix of both, and sometimes it's Leaf, sometimes it's Spine, sometimes it's more Leaf and sometimes it's more Spine. So I wouldn't read too much, but I will say one thing we see in common is, there's a more rapid migration to the Leaf being 25-gig and 50-gig, and the Spine being 100-gig.
Marc Taxay: Sure. So I think as Jayshree said, there were a number of different considerations that we took into account in bringing on the new contract manufacturer. In factoring in the litigation to that, I think it's really important to understand that. The ITC is continuing to review initial determination, so that remains open. They haven't issued a final determination. But if we do receive a final determination that's adverse, we're of course going to respect the decision of the ITC and fully comply with it. And as we've said many times before, the primary strategy for us in the event of an adverse decision would be to implement design-arounds, so that our products would be non-infringing.
Marc Taxay: Yeah, sure. Alex, as we had mentioned earlier, in the event of an adverse decision, our primary strategy here is the technical design-arounds...
Marc Taxay: That is the strategy. I think your question was, would the CM here in the U.S. support manufacturing of all our products, and the answer to that is, yes.
Marc Taxay: The only other thing I would add is that, with respect the technical design arounds in the 944 Investigation, we actually will have an image – a separate image ready and available in Q2 – actually, this month.
Marc Taxay: Yeah. I mean, I think just taking a step back, if there is an adverse decision in the ITC, full compliance with an order would be essentially having non-infringing products. I think that's the most important thing. Yet, clarity around that, there are different paths to get those approved, and we'll make a decision if there is a final determination that's adverse to us, we'll make a decision at that point as to the appropriate path to follow in order to be able to get some clarity around approval. In terms of timing, the timing varies greatly, and I don't think that we can provide you any sort of detail around the timing. It just depends on the process.
Mark Stephen Smith: Yeah. Thank you, Jayshree. And it is disruptive. You know, I've been in the industry over 35 years, I guess, that makes me old. But during that time, I haven't seen a traditional sales model that resembles what we do at Arista. Our model is very differentiated from a go-to-market. First of all, many customers or companies talk about customer focus. But few companies have as flat an organization as we have in sales, where all of our VPs and managers all own accounts personally, along with the fact that our engineers, our engineering management and leadership team are actively involved in every large customer. Secondly, our product focus, as we've probably reiterated many, many times, Arista delivers best-of-breed data center switching and routing. That's all we do. And our sales team become trusted advisors to customers, where they are extremely competent technically to be able to help customers meet their needs. The third area on our go-to-market is the cloud everywhere focus. We are in the business of building large clouds across the world. We call that the Cloud Scale. And we take that functionality and deliver it to our top vertical, which we call Cloud-Class. And in addition, this allows us to enable our enterprise customers to build turnkey-converged and hybrid cloud solutions, which we call Cloud Converged. Finally, on our go-to-market, we have a very, very deep focus on our specific verticals where we know that we can add huge values. Many times we talk about intense focus in cloud titans, financial services, service providers, web and the high tech enterprise. Rather than spreading a mile wide, we focus on going a mile deep in these verticals.
Mark Stephen Smith: Yeah. Actually, I had the chance over the last three weeks to go to the VMware Partner Leadership Conference down in Phoenix and Tempe. And it's something that we really got quite excited about, because that week, followed by the Palo Alto Ignite event in Las Vegas, what we saw was a lot more interest from the channels, globally. And this is really exciting to us, because as an emerging company, we've developed a lot of the end-user customers ourselves. But now we're seeing, with the integration with our key partners, an unbelievable opportunity to provide a more comprehensive solution. And it's all based on being open. So I would say, from a partnership standpoint, we're seeing more momentum, both with the combined sales organizations with VMware, Palo Alto, HP, et cetera, and from a product standpoint where we're able to provide better solutions, as Jayshree addressed, like the Macro-Segmentation, which is getting just outstanding reviews.
Mark Stephen Smith: Well I think, first of all, internationally it's virtually 100% of our business flows through channels. And the benefit we have by having the best technology is, we have this elite program in our channel that actually is self-selecting where the best networking partners actually pick up Arista. And then when you look at the other technology companies in this space that are providing the best solutions, they combine them with those. So I think what you're going to see is, the channel becoming more and more important to us over time. And I think, we're still early, Jayshree, in the actual development of the channel. But I think it is really important to us.
Mark Stephen Smith: No comments. But I will say, Mark, one thing that I'll say is, having been – this is my fourth public company, having been in a lot of companies with a lot of good product, a big differentiator for my sales organization is product quality. You can't go to an executive briefing here at Arista if you're a prospect or customer without hearing about quality, quality, quality, quality and we look at every P1 that comes across. We have a massive customer that in 2015, one of my reps comes out, and he goes do you realize they didn't have a single switch fail in the entire year? So I'll tell you, from a sales standpoint they're enabling us to be efficient, that's the number enabler is product quality.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I think, in terms of the operating expenses, I think if you look Q4 to Q1, we did see some good growth on the R&D side, and we expect that to continue. We're obviously hiring as much talent and resources as we can find. And we also have some other expenses associated with the workarounds and the designs-arounds and so on. So that's a number that I would certainly like to keep some optionality around how that number grows over the next coming quarters. So that's part of why, I think you're seeing that spread on OpEx. On the sales side, Q4 is typically a high, variable comp quarter with sales commissions and so on. I think we saw that as well. We are hiring sales head count, again, in all regions. And as fast as Mark is finding those people, we are hiring them, and it's our intention to continue to do that.
Ita M. Brennan: Well, I think longer-term you should expect that to be 10% to 12% at least of revenue. How fast we get there, kind of depends on our growth, but certainly in my mind it should be a double-digit percentage of revenue, right. And that's our expectation over time.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I think the way to think about the impact of the manufacturing on gross margin is, we'll start to produce volume probably in Q3. And the first time we'll really be selling product from that factory and having an impact on the financials will be in Q4, and then into 2017. So I think that impact is really something to think about, as you look in to next year, right? And again, it's early to start to really try to size that. I think what we're seeing is, we believe in all scenarios we can be in that range. And then we'll refine that as we go. But it's more kind of a Q4 and into 2017 effect. And we'll refine that as we get closer to that.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I think in terms of the financials and how it impacts the financials, I mean, this is really; it will be kind of a product cost impact if we see one, right? And then, like I said, I think that's something we would see Q4, and into next year, but it would be a product cost impact, but obviously we would work to optimize over time, right? It's not really an OpEx impact in the sense that these would be contract manufacturing resources and jobs that, Jayshree was mentioning.
Ita M. Brennan: No. I think the reiteration of that on this call is really around the manufacturing and the impact of bringing up a new factory and a new CM with potentially maybe a slightly disadvantaged cost structure at least in the beginning, right? So I think really, that's what we're referencing. Just to provide some context in terms of what would the ramp of that new factory do to gross margins, we're really just restating, that would still stay within the 60% to 65%, and that's really what it was intended to do, nothing more than that.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, Simona, I think Q4 is typically – kind of Q4 into Q1 is typically a good, strong services quarter, right; and you tend to see a fair amount of renewals and so on happen in that timeframe. That's really what's driving that. I mean, the attach rate across the board is pretty high, right? Customers value the service, and there aren't too many customers who'd like to run a network without service coverage, right. So I think, the attach rate for all customers is pretty high.
