Liz Stine: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on today’s call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks’ President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ita Brennan, Arista’s Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal first quarter ending March 31, 2023. If you would like a copy of this release, you can access it online at our website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the second quarter of the 2023 fiscal year, longer-term financial outlook for 2023 and beyond, our total addressable market and strategy for addressing these market opportunities, including AI, customer demand trends, supply chain constraints, component costs, manufacturing output, inventory management and inflationary pressures on our business, lead times, product innovation, working capital optimization, and the benefits of acquisitions, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements.  These forward-looking statements apply as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Liz Stine: Thank you, Ita. We will now move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. To allow for greater participation, I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question. Thank you for your understanding. Operator, take it away.
Liz Stine: This concludes the Arista Networks first quarter 2023 earnings call. We have posted a presentation, which provides additional information on our results, which you can access on the Investors section of our website. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in Arista.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. Hey, Aaron. I'll kick it off, and maybe Anshul can help me. As you know, historically visibility with the cloud titans issue, if you take out – if you subtract the last two years, which were largely supply chain related, was typically two quarters, right? And for a period of time last year and the year before, we were starting to get four quarters of visibility. As our lead times are improving, our visibility is also shrinking, especially with that segment because they can make decisions closer to our lead times. So, I would say our visibility has reduced from last year to this year by two quarters and is roughly six months.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. And just to add to what Anshul said, our forecast of 2 billion to 3 billion is more in the 2025 arena. Market analysts are already showing larger numbers than that, 2025 to 2027 arena. I think market analysts are already projecting it's double that. And certainly Broadcom is enthusiastically looking at their chip deployments. But again, as Anshul alluded, by the time Broadcom has a chip, the chip gets built into a system by us, and then the system gets deployed by our cloud customers. It can be 1 to 2 years.
Jayshree Ullal: And Samik just to add to, you know, we're not managing the business as just in time inventory. As Ita said, we have 72-week lead time still on many of our components even with the supply chain improvements. So, we have to plan ahead, and if we want to get products to our customers in 6 to 12 months, assume a position on the inventory, and especially do so on common components where we feel confident that there is demand and we will continue to fulfill that demand this year and next year.
Jayshree Ullal: Hey, David. I think first of all, the TAM we took up was for 2027, not Q3, Q4, 2023, just to be clear. And I think we continue to feel very optimistic about our long-term demand in enterprise cloud and AI. So, we shouldn't confuse the comps and difficulty of comparing Q3 2022 with Q3 2023 with our long-term demand and TAM. Both are valid statements. But as you know, the cloud is a volatile market and the titans will spend a lot one year and then spend a little less the other year as they're digesting it and deploying it. So, if you look across multiple years, we're going to have the strong demand and [do well] [ph].
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. I think I said this before, but I think the Number 1 advantage of Ethernet is the fact that you're building a standard space, multi-vendor, highly interoperable network, where everything from troubleshooting to familiarity when you're connecting to the GPU clusters is very well known. So from a best-of-breed horizontal approach, Ethernet can win every time and [Ethernet technologies] [ph] generally struggle. Having said that, the vertical approach that InfiniBand adopted for high-performance computing can be applied to GPU clusters as well. So, I think it all depends on the customers' clusters and how large they are and the larger they become, the more it favors Ethernet.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. No, good question. Enterprise demand is pretty strong and steady. In fact, I would go as far as saying the customer activity has been just as strong as last year. And some of these macro things we hear about, we are experiencing less of it perhaps because we are a small fish in a big ocean, right? So that said, obviously, our revenue has a high component to cloud titan concentration in Q1. So, the demand doesn't translate into direct revenue contribution in a specific quarter. But I think you will see a number far greater than the 15% through the year.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure, Michael. As we said, the 7,800 is Arista's flagship AI platform. And we expect the better part of last year, maybe even the year before, Anshul, and you could correct me, doing a tremendous amount of simulation on how we work with GPU clusters and different types of stuff, network interface cards, the performance, the [indiscernible] list, dealing the diversity traffic, the latency, the transaction. And we believe that this will be a critical year in seeing those trials come into production. So, we do expect AI to be meaningful this year as opposed to not material the last couple of years. And we believe the 7,800 will be the flagship product for that.
Jayshree Ullal: Alex, let me go back to your high-speed acceleration question first, and then we’ll talk about the market share in AI because we're still kind of grappling with what is the market for AI right now. In terms of high speed, I think – we've now got some [killer use cases] [ph] for 400 and 800-gig with AI. So, you will see our strength going from strength to strength with 100, 200 in some cases and now 400 and 800 with AI being killer application driving our high-speed acceleration. We feel more confident of it now. Otherwise, you could argue what is the use case for 400 and 800-gig. So that makes us very positive. Specific to AI wallet shift, quite honestly, the greatest component of AI today is the processers, that is 80%, maybe 90% of the spend and the applications, obviously, that go with that. So, if they're vertically integrated, we may not see as much of it, but if customers choose the horizontal best of breed we’ll absolutely get our share of wallet there.
Jayshree Ullal: It's a very exciting multiyear journey, and we really value our partnership with Broadcom, but what you're seeing here is 100 gig for mainstream enterprises, 400 gig for the cloud and 800 gig and beyond for AI use cases.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, Matt, I'd say that usually, we see a very strong activity in the month of March, but in Q1, we did see some seasonality in certain regions, especially internationally. And I don't know how – one quarter, this is a trend base, but we're definitely watching this.
Jayshree Ullal: Can we tell you six months before 2024 spending because we don't know. We don't have the visibility.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Well, as I said, I think last year was the year of trials. This year, we'll see some production and it will certainly accelerate in 2024 and 2025 specific to AI, but again, that's a small spend relative to our larger cloud spend, where we'd like to see more visibility on how the cloud regions are getting built out, et cetera.
Jayshree Ullal: Our existing customers – they see the natural affinity to our CloudVision and EOS tax. So that would be the natural spot.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. We've pretty much said it will take us the back half of 2023. So, I think normal is early next year.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Thanks, Simon. I think most of our software is not stand-alone software. It's bundled either in CloudVision or EOS. There's very few stand-alone pieces, of course, as the MDR and the DANZ Monitoring Fabric. Specific to the campus, I would say they tend to look at it more as a solution where they bring in wired, wireless, they want an automation framework with CloudVision. They want some security capabilities. In RSA, we announced some of the missing gaps we filled. Historically, we've partnered with other vendors for Network Access Control and Arista introduced its first one. I'll talk about it more next quarter. But I think some of the gaps we are now starting to fill ourselves. But in the campus, it always tends to be a combination of platforms and software never stand-alone software alone.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I was going to save this for next quarter, but I'll just give you the condensed version is the Arista Guardian for network identity, Agni, means fire in Indian language, Sanskrit. So, we'll spread some of the ice with our fire.
Jayshree Ullal: And we feel good about that here. They're good partners, and despite all the volatility, we'll have a good year with them. And on campus, I think I gave you a number for 750 million by 2025. I'll stick with that, and we'll give that to you towards the end of the year when we really achieve something.
Jayshree Ullal: I think you asked the question well and you almost answered it. It's just normal buffers. There's nothing excess in inventory we're seeing. Nothing abnormal.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. Hi, this is Anshul. As you know, there's a lot of talk about AI and it's a very exciting topic in many ways. First, you have to separate out numbers that Broadcom's giving you versus where our customers will deploy systems, right? There's an offset of when they ship chips versus when they can ship systems and often by a quarter sometimes [indiscernible] as long as a year, right, given the lead times and so on that are going on in the market. Second, I think AI is still in its infancy. I don't think we know really how big it will be. It's clearly on a very good trajectory to keep on growing. And there is a great opportunity for us for sure and we're doing very well with some of our top customers as Jayshree talked about in the primary script as well.
Anshul Sadana: And David, this is very consistent with what we talked about last quarter, right? I mean we're – because of the comps and the pattern and the comps, we're going to grow quarter-by-quarter growing each quarter consecutively, but you will see that deceleration just because of how last years, kind of revenue trended as well. So, it doesn't say anything new here. In fact, we probably took up the overall number a little bit to get to the 26%.
Anshul Sadana: Meta, if I can add some more color to key areas that we've been tracking. I know we're only going to talk about AI. This [BPI market] [ph] is backbone, which is what started the 400-gig cycle in the first place. Those deployments are progressing as expected as well. So that part is steady state. And obviously, AI is growing compared to what we knew before.
Anshul Sadana: We said this before. I think we are maintaining status quo. We're doing very well with our customers. They're not afraid, and we don't believe the market is sitting back to white box [indiscernible]. In fact, the core development efforts are even more intense than before. But I think largely speaking, we achieved status quo, I think that's where the market stays for now.
Anshul Sadana: Hi, Amit This is Anshul. Our customers have been waiting for 2.5 years for this moment. So, they can return back to normalcy. Supply chain is recovering. These customers follow component lead times very closely as well to a great extent. We're coming back to where we used to be pre-COVID levels, nothing different – nothing more than that.
Anshul Sadana: So a good way to look at this market and the introduction of G3, G3 AI, you know 400 gig is not going to end quickly and suddenly get replaced with Jericho3. 400-gig will go on for some time, customers will take time to make changes. And so, especially when they don't need more bandwidth just yet.  At the same time, you'll see a quick adoption of 800-gig technology and there’s a complementary chip that was also announced with [indiscernible] and Jericho3 AI, the AI teams will absolutely consume these as quickly as the market can get them out there. And you may have read some white papers that were also published along with the announcement, which showed that Jericho3 AI is scaled to very large clusters, we can scale to 4,000 GPUs quickly at 800-gig, and the cluster performs at 10% better throughput than InfiniBand.  So that is why there's such needs for this technology out there, and everyone thanks us to get it. But just remember, the chips have just been announced. It takes time to get the chips, build systems, ship it to customers, [indiscernible] with the trials, and then go to the volume production.
Anshul Sadana: There's a lot of disruption happening in the market, even at the edge, right? When you talk about campuses, when you go and talk about what's inside the building, but there's an edge that connects to the outside, too. We have plenty of interest from our customers in this area. It is a bit too early. We just announced this offering. So, too early to jump up and down and say it's plus of membership. We'll watch it how it grows. But having the integrated solution is important to go after the broader enterprise market.
Ita Brennan: Hi, Samik. This is Ita. When you think about the purchase commitments that we have and that we made some time ago, right? We're going to have to continue to work through those as we go through the rest of this year, particularly on some key components there were long lead times We had to place commitment for, kind of this year well earlier last year in order to secure those that supply. So, those components will continue to come into inventory and obviously they'll go out of inventory, as well as we build products, etcetera. So, we have a healthy deployment pipeline in front of us on the system side, but we are still going to gather components based on when those purchase commitments were made on the timing of those purchase commitments. So, if you look at the total of inventory plus purchase commitments, it came down in excess of 400 million this quarter. We will continue to, kind of work that down over time, but you will see the shift from purchase commitments into inventory parts and then obviously we'll sell that inventory.
Ita Brennan: Yes. Look, I think if I have my ways, the purchase commitment number will come down significantly over the next, I don't know, 12 to 18 months right, because we don't need it once we start to see some of these component lead times come in. So, we need to – obviously to manage that. Some have long lead times that we do want to receive, and you will see that grow in inventory, some, we'll look to reposition, if we can. But obviously, there's a keen focus on kind of managing that number now. But the net of it is, I think you grow inventory through the year, it will consume some cash, and then it will flip in 2024, where we'll actually start to, kind of generate more cash as we start to bring that inventory number down. Do we ever go back to kind of where we were before? I think probably not. I mean we probably will carry a little bit more inventory and more buffers, having just gone through what we went through the last couple of years, but it should certainly get – come down from where it is today.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I think for this year, inventory is a consumer of cash. So, it's probably – it's hard to know exactly what that looks like, but I think every quarter, we'll increment that inventory balance as we go through the year, that will concern some cash. But I mean the P&L is highly cash positive with the guidance that we've put out. So, I think we'll still be generating a healthy amount of cash, but we will build inventory balance.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I think we talked about a little bit in the script, but when we are continuing to hire, and we are continuing to make some investments, and we'll continue to do that, certainly within the envelope as we think about the business for the year today, we will continue to do that. It probably doesn't grow quite as fast as the top line, we'll see. But we are continuing to increment that quarter-over-quarter, and you'll see us continue to grow those investments. But again, it's headcount around R&D and go-to-market and really looking for good talent and places where we win an opportunity, right? But we will continue to invest, just given the envelope of business that we have in front of us.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I'd love to talk about backlog, Erik. I don't think we're going to do that. Look, I think it all comes back to lead times, right? The lead times is the driver of all else, right? We had [extensive lead times] [ph], customers had to place orders to those lead times. As lead times improved customers started to shorter lead time, that will slowly kind of navigate our way back to a more normal visibility window and lead time window right. I think we're taking the first steps of that now, right? But that's going to take time to get there. But that's what will happen as lead times will naturally bring visibility back to something more normal. But that's going to take some time. We're in the very beginning of that.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I think it's up about between 50 million to 60 million quarter-over-quarter. It did pick up a little bit on the software and services side, but not in that range. Still small numbers, a long way to go, yes.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I don't think we're going to try to prevent the vertical split. I think what we said is, we think our two biggest customers will be at least 10% customers for the year, but it's not all we've really said on that front.
