Chuck Elliott: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks' President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Bechtolsheim, Arista's Chairman and Interim Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its first fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2015. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company's website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks' management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the second quarter of the 2015 fiscal year, industry innovation, our market opportunity and the impact of litigation, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and recent Form 10-K, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today, and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided a reconciliation -- reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree. 
Chuck Elliott: This concludes the Arista Q1 2015 earnings call -- actually, hold on. We've got one more question, who just popped in. Alex. 
Chuck Elliott: Okay. This time, this does conclude the Arista Q1 2015 Earnings Call. I also want to mention that we have posted a presentation which provides additional perspective on our Q1 2015 fiscal results, which you can access on the Investor section of our website. Thank you to everyone for joining us today. 
Andreas Bechtolsheim: Thanks, Jayshree. Before I discuss our financial results and guidance, I would like to note that except for revenue numbers that are GAAP, all financial numbers I will discuss are non-GAAP unless stated otherwise. A reconciliation of our selected GAAP to non-GAAP results is provided in our earnings release. Also we, starting this quarter, will break out service revenue, which has become more significant to us and will break this out separately along with the related costs. Let me first comment on the 8-K that we filed earlier today, disclosing that we're going to amend our 10-K for 2014 due to a classification error in our 2014 statement of cash flows. The error was the result of a duplicate reporting of excess tax benefits associated with our equity incentive plans, resulting in a $17.4 million understatement of cash from operating activities and a $17.4 million overstatement of cash from financing activities. There was no change to the ending cash balance and there was no impact to our net income or the balance sheet. The error occurred due to inadequately designed controls surrounding our statement of cash flows, which resulted in a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting. We plan to remediate this control deficiency in the coming quarter by including additional review procedures to ensure the accuracy of the calculations and related disclosures in our cash flow statement. Now let me turn to our Q1 results which reflect our continued market momentum as our customers embrace our innovative and best-of-breed software-defined cloud networking solutions. From a top line perspective, total revenue for Q1 was $179 million, an increase of 52.8% year-over-year and 3% sequentially. We grew profits faster than revenue with net income of $35.5 million, up 117% from a year ago, and fully diluted EPS of $0.50 a share, up 100%. Our fully diluted GAAP earnings per share was $0.34 a share, up from $0.20 a share a year ago. Gross margin in Q1 was 66.1%, down from 67% in the prior quarter and 69.6% in the year-ago quarter. Gross margin came in at the high end of our guidance due to favorable product and customer mix during the quarter. Our operating expenses were $67.1 million or 37.5% of revenue compared to $69.9 million or 40.3% of revenue in Q4 2014. The sequential decline in operating expenses, down 4% quarter-over-quarter, was primarily due to additional year-end bonuses that were accrued in Q4 '14. Operating expenses did increase 23% year-over-year, reflecting increased investments in headcounts. Operating income for the first quarter was a record $51.3 million, increasing sequentially from $47.1 million in the prior quarter and an increase of 92% from $26.8 million in Q1 2014. Our non-GAAP results exclude expenses related to our litigation with OptumSoft and Cisco, which totaled $6.7 million for the quarter. Turning to the balance sheet. We had cash, cash equivalents and investments of $484.3 million at the end of Q1, growing nearly $35 million from $449.5 million in the prior quarter. Accounts receivables was up $16.1 million from the prior quarter to $113.1 million, resulting in DSOs of 57. Inventory increased $10.7 million sequentially to $91.2 million in Q1, yielding turns of 2.5. The increase in accounts receivable and inventory resulted from increased volumes to support our revenue growth. Total deferred revenue was $132.8 million, an increase of $26.4 million over the prior quarter. This resulted from increased product deferrals and new service agreement renewals. Let me now move to our guidance for the second quarter. Let me remind you again that our comments include forward-looking statements. You should review our recent SEC filings that identify important risk factors and understand that actual results could materially differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements and actual results could be above or below guidance. We expect total revenue between $183 million and $191 million, gross margin in the range of 63% to 65%, and we anticipate operating margin in the range of 23% to 25%. As we said previously, our gross margins will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, depending primarily on product and customer mix. The above guidance excludes expenses related to the OptumSoft and Cisco litigation, which we anticipate will be in the range between $10 million and $12 million for Q2 '15. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate is forecasted to be in the range of 28% to 30%.  As a reminder, Arista will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. With that, I will turn the call back to Jayshree. 
Andreas Bechtolsheim: Yes. I mean, we obviously don't preannounce future products, but I will say, we expect to be among the first who will ship new silicon once it's production-worthy and if it's -- once we get production parts. 
Andreas Bechtolsheim: Yes. Obviously, we had an increase in deferred revenue. It's a significant increase in deferred revenue this quarter, which goes hand-in-hand with an increase in inventory. 
Andreas Bechtolsheim: Let me actually answer that. So the key -- one of the key attributes we have in the company is the single-image EOS across all of our platforms, which really include, of course, the next-generation chipsets as well, which means that customers who receive the next-generation chip technology will be able to run exactly the same familiar and fully proven EOS release that they're running today. So we don't expect any hiccup or any other delays in rolling out the next silicon because, again, the software is exactly the same as we're shipping today. 
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Andy. And thanks for doing a fantastic job as our acting CFO this quarter. Andy and I are also pleased to report that we have completed our search for a Chief Financial Officer for Arista. Effective Monday, May 18, 2015, Eda Brennan [ph] will be Arista's new CFO. Eda [ph] brings over 2 decades of finance, executive and operating skills that align closely to Arista's culture, values and goals. We welcome her enthusiastically and wholeheartedly to our leadership team. So in conclusion, we are off to a good start this year. I am not only proud of our results, our customer traction and our growing market share, but very encouraged and excited by Arista's increased market opportunities ahead. 
Jayshree Ullal: All right, Jess. I'll take your first question. I think our guidance is cautiously optimistic and conservative. Not having a new CFO, we stayed with the current consensus estimates for the most part. The cloud Titans were a large contributor to Q1. Q1 is historically our weakest quarter seasonally. And then Q2, Q3 and Q4 are all strong quarters. So I wouldn't call our Q2 as the only strong quarter. Hopefully, all 3 will be. And so we feel comfortable with that guidance. I think we have an opportunity to meet it and maybe beat it. 
Jayshree Ullal: So specifically, we introduced EaaS specifically on our high-volume platforms, the top-of-rack switches, the 7050 Series families, the main one, that comes in different form factors, 48-, 64-, 32-port, 40-gig, and the goal here really is to start offering our customers options. We've always said we're a software company, and we can now make software available on the Arista blue box, if you will, on a monthly subscription basis. Most people, most comfort buyers, like to see the 2 bundled, but I think, as I said, I think this will take time to absorb. But particularly with top-of-rack switches, it makes a lot of sense because the lifespan of those switches are 2 to 3 years rather than 5 to 7 years. 
Jayshree Ullal: And you've now come to your third question, Jeff, so you will be off the charts now already. But no, typically, cloud customers tend to look at scale and volume. This would apply more to entry-level customers who are starting with small projects or smaller companies that don't have immediate large-cap expend and are looking for that CapEx, OpEx balance and flexibility in their budget. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. So to us, switching includes routing. We have always been shipping options for both switching at Layer 2 and wire speed switching at Layer 3, a.k.a. routing. So when you look at our leaf and spine, now, products, many of them, a large level of them go out with routing features. And this has been true for us for the last 3 to 5 years. We will be looking to expand into routing adjacencies beyond that as well, so routing features vary depending on whether you're on the leaf or whether you're on the spine or whether you're on the core. Arista does not address the core routing market today. We largely interoperate with Juniper or Cisco or Alcatel in that case. But some of these core features, one could argue, are changing and particularly with the advent of large-scale ECMP and MLAG and VXLAN, where you can scale to 6 million nodes at L2 over L3, there's no reason a data center interconnect could not be a core routing or L2 over L3 fabric as well. So I think many routers, the noun, will turn into routing, the adjective, and Arista's already in the middle of that. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. So I think just to reiterate, we feel good about our guidance, we want to be able to meet it, and there's always room for improvement. But I'd remind you that we're still growing at double digits on a fairly large base of revenue. So don't knock that guidance too much. But going to back to your question on new products, Tomahawk, yes, very much an important silicon for 25- and 50-gig. I think much of this is the tail end of the year, really an impact on 2016. That's important to remember because it takes customers time to test, qualify. We don't look at products as just silicon and hardware. We also have a tremendous amount of software releases coming. We tend to go at the rate of 3 or 4 software releases a quarter. 
Jayshree Ullal: Our last release -- sorry, a year. And our last release just had 120 new features across the leaf and spine and in many cases, core routing as well. So very comfortable that not only are we expanding our performance and scale, but also our feature velocity and programmability in many of these cases. So -- and yes, we will look to add silicon diversity, but we're not ready to talk about chips that are not available. 
Jayshree Ullal: No, no, no. I said the Americas contribution was 80% and international was 20%. And I was clarifying that that's the organic international. If you take the expansion of our cloud customers who deployed internationally, then it was 70%, 30%. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. So first of all, we don't break out customer concentration on a quarterly perspective and -- but I'll reiterate that the only customer concentration that we have announced and we still would talk about is Microsoft. So they remain the only one, if we were to have broken it out. The cloud Titans contributed very strongly this quarter. And so they were more than 25%. All 4 verticals did contribute. But in order of contribution, I would say, cloud first; service providers and Tier 2, second; high-tech enterprise, third; and financials, fourth. 
Jayshree Ullal: No. Look, I think we -- you should continue to expect to see our gross margins trend downwards, not only because of the cloud concentrations, but even as mainstream customers buy high volume, that they're going to get a cloud type of discount. So I wouldn't want to leave you with the message that our high-gross margins this quarter is a trend. I will continue to reiterate that our long-term view is 60% to 65%, and then our guidance for next quarter is 63% to 65%. So we're executing very well. We're managing our discounts with great discipline. But we continue to favor high discounts and low gross margin for large customers in general, including the cloud. 
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. So first of all, it's a very new introduction. We just introduced that in March. So it's still too early to call in terms of a lot of new customer wins. They've been mostly been in single digits. But of the ones I recall, all of them have been new. 
Jayshree Ullal: I think Infinera is an example of an important strategic interoperability and solutions tie. It highlights, Simona, something you know very, very well and you've discussed, which is we can't be everywhere and we work closely with our technology partners to provide the best of capabilities in each one of us. So what we are really participating in Arista is in the data center and intra data center opportunity and obviously, a lot with third-party optics. But what we like about Infinera and particularly with their Cloud Xpress product line is we can now interoperate and offer solutions inter-data center across much longer-haul and distances. So there are obviously more operating at Layer 1, and we're doing still more at Layer 1, 2, 3 and 4. 
Jayshree Ullal: I have to be honest here. It almost feels like we're in 2 different planets. I haven't seen any of the IPFIX customers, so they must be very, very much Cisco-specific applications. The 9K, which is also considered to be a strong contributor, my guess is it's 3% of their total switching revenues. So again, it's pretty insignificant. And our real focus is on building open programmable systems where customers are going from yesterday's enterprise applications to tomorrow's modern cloud killer application. So I think we have to make a distinction between IPFIX being bundled to customers and what's really in production. According to leading analysts, there's very few in production. 
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Subu. First of all, I want to highlight that one of the beauties of adjacencies is we want to be able to develop the ones that our software and our Merchant Silicon is naturally adhering to rather than go off and create a new one. So as we look at adjacencies, they have to be part and parcel of our engineering strength and our go-to market strength. That's a key tenet for us, that we're not going into a completely different market or segment or a decision-maker or buyer. So when you look at the kinds of adjacencies that we've already done, I want to talk about the ones we've already done, there's 2 that come to mind. One is we're already supplying through merchant optics a variety of short-range, long-range, single-mode, multimode, universal optics that provide a huge range of interconnect options for our leaf and spine solutions. And as you know, we were the pioneer of leaf and spine and cloud networking back in 2010. A second example of where they're already in adjacencies will be data analytics. A set of features we introduced over a year ago called DANZ data analysis is now really a nice option where customers don't have to buy a dedicated switch and a dedicated appliance for their data collection and monitoring and analysis. And this is a big deal for big data and structured and unstructured data. And it ends up being just a software option rather than dedicated hardware. And then there's what's you bring up. I think the advent and embracing of large multi-cast and route scale to [indiscernible] is going to be a natural feeder at the signs for us to do more routing. And there's 2 aspects to that. One is [indiscernible] is starting to have larger and larger routes. You're going from 60,000 routes to potentially 100,000 routes, to even 1 million. And the second is our software is getting more and more capable in this area. And this is why EOS has moved from -- what was it, Andy, when you founded the company? 1 million lines of code to over 8 million? And this is what routing and scaling protocols and programmability and working with all of our partners is doing for us. So I hope I answered some aspects of your question, but there's a natural adjacency there and I'm excited about the increase in TAM that could do for us in the next few years. 
Jayshree Ullal: Well, I could definitely comment on service provider, but I didn't mention any one by name, Scott, so... 
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Maybe my accent. Service providers generally come in 2 or 3 flavors for us. There's the Tier 1 service providers. And as you can imagine, they're the most difficult to engage with and penetrate. And you can imagine, we've been working with them in large trials. And we tend to work with them on a project basis. And this represents a tremendous opportunity for us. But today, it's very early days for us. Then there's Tier 2 service providers and Internet-hosting providers and content providers. And this is where Arista has actually shined. We've done very, very well because all of the media streaming and content generation resembles in many ways and then the metro junction resembles in many ways distributed aspects of the cloud typing market. So everything from the scale, the features and the demand they put on us are somewhat similar to that. So I would say our success to date has been in those 3 segments, the Internet-hosting providers, the Tier 2 cable providers and the content providers. And I would say we've got a lot of room and scope there, and we've got a lot of room internationally, and we've got a lot of room in Tier 1 service providers. One of our areas of great focus, in addition to financials, is really a go-to-market and ahead of service providers, particularly in North America right now. So stay tuned and maybe we'll be able to share more wins, but we feel quite good about that. 
Jayshree Ullal: Right. I think -- thanks, Mark. I think, first, it's important to reiterate that we've got a long ways to go in our primary market, which is the data center, which is at $10 billion going to $15 billion and within our 4 verticals. Our share, as I shared with you in 2014, is in the 7% to 9%. So we're looking to grow that into the double digits and more double digits and more double digits. No triple digits, for sure. So that's important, and that's where our primary focus is. In terms of adjacencies, the point I'm really making is the adjacencies are coming to us, both in terms of technology and as you rightly point out, in terms of customer demand. They are saying, hey, if we're using an Arista's spine, why can't we make the spine do other things, whether it's a data center interconnect or DANZ features or more optics or more routing. So we're just -- the spine -- and Arista is the only product who has a real spine. Anybody who says they're a spine is not. Many of them are spineless products. And so these have, in my view, the most capacity scale and capability and software advantages to offer our existing 4 verticals the best adjacencies. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, yes. That's a good question. We said this in the last quarter, now reiterate again. I want to be really clear on that. The impact of the lawsuit with our customers has not been there. We do have to explain it. There's no doubt that we're spending a lot of time and money on the lawsuit litigation process itself, but our customers have been very savvy and understanding. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes -- no, they're both good question, really. On the IPFIX, yes, that's exactly right. Maybe we are on 2 different virtual machines and planets. If IPFIX is being installed with catalysts and existing Nexus, there's a good reason we don't see it. But we do see the Nexus 9K, so that's why I'm a little surprised we see that, but we don't see the IPFIX. So I think it really goes down to there's a set of customers, especially our 4 verticals, that really demand open standard innovation. And I'm not really looking for vendor lock-in. And like you pointed out, there's probably a set of customers they're not in, which is more the traditional enterprise that is designed to be end-to-end Cisco, if you will. And so to answer your second question on overlay controllers, as you know, for the 2 years that we've all talked about SDN, Arista's been adamant that we're having to focus on building a programmable underlay software stack. It's taken us the better part of 10 years to do that. It's programmable at, at least 6 levels, kernel, data plane, management plane, control plane, application plane and customer scripting plane and virtualization plane. But our goal has always been BYOC, bring your own controller. And one of our favorite partners is VMware, both with the vSphere vCenter and NSX. We see a lot of customer activity together. It's been early days. It's really been only -- we announced this relationship on -- specifically on NSX last August, so it's been about 6 months. And we are very pleased with the momentum and progress there. We do work with other controllers, and we also connect natively very many times into OpenFlow or OpenStack. So we don't preclude any of those options because we have all the right northbound and southbound APIs. We also have many savvy customers who want to play with our SDK and customize it too. So all of the above options are very, very valid, but it all starts by, "You can't do much with an overlay controller if you don't have a good software underlay." 
Jayshree Ullal: Right. Okay. I'm going to take your last question first because otherwise, I have trouble remembering. So if you don't mind. And so our 4 verticals, Simon, really account for more than 90%. That's why they're our top 4 verticals in a huge way. Because even when we do some enterprises, generally, they tend to be high-tech enterprise and we put them into high-tech enterprise buckets. So at this point, I would look at us as very much driven by these main 4 verticals. And there's not a lot we're expanding yet or going into beyond these 4 verticals at the moment. And there's so much to do in these 4 verticals. It's something I'd reiterate. Just to clarify the geography, I hope I didn't confuse you, all. Actual Q1 2015 numbers is Americas at 71% -- or 70% and EMEA and Asia Pac at 30%. And what I tried to say in that 30% is that a contribution to that EMEA and Asia Pac of 30% came from the U.S. cloud Titans deploying there. So if I took those out, it would be 80%, 20%. And beyond that, we really don't break out the EMEA and Asia Pac separately. So it's 70%, 30% or 80%, 20% depending on how you count organic and inorganic. 
Jayshree Ullal: No change for us. I know we've discussed white boxes quite a bit. The heart of a white box is the software. And anybody can build a box, but nobody can build a software. And I think there's really 3 types of software stacks: the classic, what I call Blob-OS; and the Cloud OS, which is what we're building; and then the build-your-own-stack, which you can do with many operating systems. But a majority of the customers don't build their own PC or server, let alone their network, which is so mission-critical. So a lot of discussion, but no change in competitive dynamics. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. So the product cycle is at least 2 to 3 years. So in every cloud provider, in general, the lifespan of a leaf product is 2 to 3 years. The lifespan of a spine product can be 5 to 7 years. And so our stickiness is shorter in a leaf than in a spine. 
Jayshree Ullal: You actually ask the most insightful questions that I didn't answer in the previous time you asked it, which is anybody can churn chips and build boxes in Asia or here and they can be white or bright or blue. But Arista's -- and our competitors' value-add is really the software and the -- building high-quality rich protocol, stable, single-image software that solves your OpEx and CapEx problems is a nontrivial effort. It's taken us several hundreds of engineers. It's taken us 2004 to 2015, so over 10 years. And there's a real case, and many customers do ask us, would we port our EOS to other platforms? And as I've often said and I've said very openly, to me, that's not a white box, that's a software strategy that we don't preclude. And that's the real differentiator, whether it's on 25-, 40-, 50- or 100-gig. Executing on the hardware, you have to do every year. Executing on the software is a multi-year, multi-decade effort. 
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. So the 80%, 20% has been pretty steady for the last 4 quarters on our domestic and international mix. We would like to see it improve, and that's why we're making significant investments on international and I'd certainly like to see it go from 80%, 20% to 75% to 85% for starters and then 70%, 30%. The international mix we had this quarter was really due to the fact that many of our cloud providers, who we've been selling to for a long time, first started their deployments in the U.S. and now in their second and third year are adding international expansion. And so that, I believe, contributed this quarter and can contribute to subsequent quarters because more and more of their success in the U.S. will require them to think of how they will do this outside the U.S., since many of them are worldwide organizations. And that's why from a measuring point of view, I want to make sure that Arista measures both the organic and the inorganic international success. So I view this as more cloud success than international success, to be very clear. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, on the bright box, honestly, I have to tell you, Sanjiv, the discussion on it is far greater in the news and press and print than it is with our customers. Our customers are really not looking to be switch developers. They want a high-quality switch where they can reduce their CapEx and OpEx. And to the extent our software and our technology can tune both of those, there's not that many questions on how do they build a white box, there's very many more questions on how can they make SDN and cloud technologies work for them to reduce their OpEx. 
Jayshree Ullal: Very high. I think that's the beauty of our software architecture, right, everything from the published subscribed model to the high availability. We're able to check in code. We're able to test code. We're able to do automation and diagnostics. And we're able to define a feature, implement a feature and get a feature to a customer in 3 to 6 months that could otherwise take 2 to 3 years in classic traditional software releases. So we see that as a 2-part advantage. One is in our approach to how we write code, but the other is the underlying architecture. It's so programmable that we can compile and test and put it out very, very quickly and with very, very high quality and with very, very little effect on the other software agents because they're still isolated from a software containment and software [indiscernible] point of view. So this is really our hallmark. And this is why when you see the rate at which we've had features, it's faster by 3x to 5x more than other vendors and participants there. And this is because the company -- look, 2004 to basically 2008, 4 or 5 years, just building the software architecture. So it's the hallmark of the company and one we are proud of. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, so like I said, like I said, we did 120 features in our last release. If I were to compare those to traditional companies, it would be 1/2 that or 1/4 of that or sometimes even 1/10 that. 
Jayshree Ullal: So again, one of the things -- and I'm actually going to go back to your question on how about white box features. I was able to get an answer. Thank you, Marc. Generally, white boxes add x features, legacy adds 2x and Arista adds 5x. That's a good range of contrast. So -- and going back to your question now. 
