Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today’s call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks’ President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ita Brennan, Arista’s Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results of its fiscal fourth quarter ending December 30, 2021. If you would like a copy of the press release, you can access it online at our website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements including those relating to our financial outlook for the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, the longer-term financial outlook for 2022 and beyond, our total addressable market and strategy for addressing these market opportunities, the potential impact of COVID-19, supply chain constraints, manufacturing capacity and inventory purchases on our business, product innovation, and finally, the benefits of acquisitions. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our SEC filings, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today and should not be relied on as representing our views in the future, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, let me now turn the call over to Jayshree.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, Ita. We’re now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. To allow for greater participation, I’d like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question. Thank you for your understanding. Operator, please take it away.
Venk Nathamuni: Thanks, Anshul, and thanks, David. This concludes Arista Networks Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. We have posted a supplemental presentation, which provides additional information on our results. And you can access that on the Investors section of our website. Again, thank you all for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in Arista.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Ven. And welcome to your first earnings call at Arista. We’re excited to have you on board as our Executive Head of Corporate Development, IR and Finance. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon for our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. If there’s one thing that pandemic has taught us, it is that it comes with variant surprises. With vaccines and booster choices, we certainly hope that all of you and your families are safe during the latest spread of the Omicron variant. I am proud of our employees for adapting and thank our partners and customers for placing their trust in us during these ever-changing times. Back to Q4 2021. We delivered revenues of $824.5 million for the quarter, with a non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.82. Services and software support renewals contributed approximately 21% of the revenue. Our non-GAAP gross margin of 64.3% was influenced by increasing supply chain costs. We registered a record number of million-dollar customers as a direct result of our momentum in the enterprise and campus section that we have experienced throughout the year. We have now surpassed in excess of 8,000 cumulative customers. In terms of Q4 2021 verticals, Cloud Titans was our largest vertical, followed by the enterprise, followed by the specialty cloud providers at third place, financials at fourth place and service providers at fifth place. All the verticals grew well at double-digit percentages in 2021. In terms of Q4 geographical mix, international contributions was strong at 29%, with the Americas at 71% for the quarter. Shifting to annual sector revenue for the year in 2021. Cloud Titans registered approximately 30% of the revenue, enterprise and financials came in at approximately 40%, and the providers at approximately 30%. Microsoft was the only greater than 10% customer at a 15% contribution. We do expect Meta, formerly Facebook, to become our second 10% revenue customer in 2022, as we improve lead time. I would now like to invite Anshul Sadana, our Chief Operating Officer, to shed more light on our Cloud Titan execution.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Anshul. We look forward to our continued partnership with the Cloud Titans, something you and the entire engineering team has been nurturing for over a decade. In terms of annual 2021 product lines, our core cloud and data center products, built upon our highly differentiated Arista EOS stack, is successfully deployed across 10, 25, 40, 100, 200 and 400-gig speeds. This drove approximately 64% of our revenue with strong cloud and enterprise spending cycles. We believe we will continue to be the number 1 in market share for both 100-gig and 400-gig ports according to industry analysts. Our second market is network adjacencies comprised of routing, replacing routers and the cognitive campus workspaces. We doubled our campus revenue at approximately $200 million in 2021 and aiming to double again to $400 million in 2022. Our investments in the cognitive campus switching spines and wireless generated significant customer wins versus incumbents. We successfully deployed in many routing edge and peering use cases winning Tier 1 and Tier 2, Tier 3 service provider projects for routing. Our investments in the simplification of the routing stack and the edge is yielding traction. Just in 2021 alone, we introduced 6 EOS software releases across 37 platforms. We delivered over 1,500 features in routing over the past two years. The total campus and routing adjacencies together contributed approximately 14% of revenue as a compelling alternative to legacy networks. Our third category is network software and services based on subscription models such as Arista A-Care, CloudVision, DANZ Monitoring Fabric, or DMF observability, and the advanced Network Detection and Response, NDR, with AVA sensors or security. Arista’s subscription-based network services and software contributed approximately 22% of total product revenue. We are proud that CloudVision has now exceeded over 1,300 cumulative customers as a highly differentiated integral element for our customers’ network agility and operations. To recap our discussion at November 2021 Analyst Day, the networking industry is right for this digital transformation to data-driven networking. Arista is well positioned as a leader in this client to cloud networking. A key part of the strategy is to bring these cloud-first principles to every aspect of the data network. Software functions such as routing, security and observability are inherently embedded into the Arista EOS. Our EOS has evolved to a third-generation software stack with both, state and store-driven NetDL functions. NetDL, our Network Data Lake architecture that we launched in November 2021, is resonating well with customers. We are building upon our cloud network heritage to bring proactive platform, predictive operations and a prescriptive experience to unify data sets from multiple sources. We are consistently harnessing the powerful combination of NetDL and AVA, or Autonomous Virtual Assist to gather, store and process multiple modalities of network generated data and network-related data. AVA uses a supervised AI/ML algorithm and natural language processing to help network operators with root cause analysis and threat hunting. Looking ahead into 2022, as I engage with worldwide customers, I’m observing fatigue and frustration with our peers’ discontinuity in products and low support and quality. In contrast, Arista’s pursuit of world-class data-driven networking is unwavering. It cannot be achieved by us alone. We joined forces with industry leaders to collaborate with Microsoft, VMware, Red Hat, Equinix, Palo Alto Networks, ServiceNow, Slack, Splunk, Zscaler and Zoom to name a few, that together build our collaborative ecosystem. In summary, I’m so proud of our team’s execution across multiple dimensions in 2021. With a record-setting year at $2.94 billion, 27% annual growth and a cash flow for the first time exceeding $1 billion, this was indeed an exciting and memorable year for Arista. It marked a time of the Cloud Titans growth, coupled with diversified momentum across our product lines and customer sectors. Arista’s profile and affinity with customers has heightened to earn a strategic seat at the table. And so, despite the supply chain obstacles that we now expect to continue into 2023, we have emerged stronger. We reiterate our 30% annual growth outlook mentioned at November’s Analyst Day as we now aim for $3.85 billion in 2022 and multiple years of growth ahead. Now, I’ll turn it over to Ita, our CFO, for financial specifics.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Rod. So yes, the contribution has definitely been a pleasure to watch. And the traction by the enterprise also includes the financials. So, we’ve had some very good traction with financials, which has been a long-time customer for us, but we very much landed and expanded in the financials. So, that would be a moment of pride for us. But we are going across many cylinders on the enterprise. We’re seeing a lot of activity in the health care, in the media and entertainment, across international geographies. And of course, the campus traction is also included in the enterprise. So, a lot of diversity in our enterprise momentum, and it’s one we’re proud of and expect to have continuing this year as well.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. So, I think in general, as we have shared with you, we are doing extremely well with our own Arista U.S. customer base who is very familiar with us. And therefore, we are seeing a lot of million-dollar customers just embracing Arista EOS in the campus. So, that would be a point of real success. The second thing I’d say we’re seeing is we’re not just seeing Wi-Fi, but we’re really seeing the unification of wired and wireless across the edge, and that’s been a very interesting momentum as well in the campus. So, a lot more work ahead of us. As you’ll all often point out, these numbers are still small, but we’re looking to make them larger.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Samik. Well, first of all, I want to say thank you, customers for giving us more visibility on your forecast. That has helped a lot. And usually, with our Cloud Titans, we only got one or two quarters. No, we’re literally getting a year which helps. It helps us plan. It helps us project. It helps us do a whole lot of things, and Anshul and the team have done a phenomenal job there. That being said, I do want to say that supply chain, we felt improved in November when we met with you all at the Analyst Day, but declined in January, when we started seeing some decommits from some of our component vendors. So, I would describe our supply chain shortages as two steps forward and one step backward. We don’t like the one step backward, but between the Omicron virus, the labor shortages, the logistics and the component shortages, we’re certainly experiencing another wave of uncertainty in Q1 over here. So, we do have elevated lead times. So, some of our components, as I’ve shared with you, they are anywhere from 50 to 70 weeks. It’s no fun. But therefore, I think our commitment for the year will be back-end loaded. We’ll keep improving every quarter, but Q1 isn’t the great indicator of supply chain improving.
Jayshree Ullal: Oh Gosh. Maybe Ita, you can help me. I know the campus is excellent. It was double, right? I don’t have the numbers for me on software and routing off-hand. Maybe would...
Jayshree Ullal: And I would say, to answer your question, we are in the beginning of a new brand-new cycle and a new TAM because historically, Arista is new to this. And historically, it’s traditionally been InfiniBand.
Jayshree Ullal: Wow, Tal, you’re making us really think about the answer. I tend to think of it as Arista’s execution and our relevance to our customers has gotten higher and higher. Maybe that means the competition is getting weaker. But more than that, in the past, if you just look back three years ago, we were a data center company. If you look today, I think we have many, many more relevant components for the enterprise customer, whether it’s campus, routing, data center interconnect, the data center itself, observability, monitoring, threat hunting, CloudVision and the entire operation analytics and agility. So, we have a better seat to the table for this modern set of workloads, where some of them are in the cloud and some of them are on the premise. And Arista is being sought out as not only the thought leader, but the advisor on how do they make this happen. So, I think that has really changed because of our product portfolio and because of the customer needing an alternative. As I said in my opening remarks, due to COVID, I think they’ve also had a better planning horizon. They’re increasingly more fatigued and frustrated with the existing players and they want an alternative. So, I think the timing and our relevance has both now improved in the last couple of years.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, I think we are definitely gaining in our market share in the 100 gig and 400 gig in data center switching. The other market share shifts are still small because we’re still a small player. Now, we have to work to get bigger. So, I wouldn’t call them shifts, let’s say, increased relevance on our side, but still small numbers.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Meta, I think you’re exactly right. I think that planning horizon is a lot better. In the past, they have a firefighting in the office. And today, when you have lead times that are so extended, they’ve got a chance to think about alternatives. Also the CIO is extremely pressured to think about the cloud and what workloads they put on the cloud and what they put on the premise. So, I think the overall enterprise architecture and redesign is well underway and Arista is a benefactor of that.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Your second question is a little easier to answer. At the moment, there’s a lot of activity with all the Cloud Titans, but no one substantially bid like Microsoft is today and Meta will be. Maybe we can find another M Cloud Titan customer to find that. As to your question on how many opportunities? I mean, it’s almost a theoretical question, Sami, because we go into this, engaging with all our customers and some happen right away. In fact, I heard today of a customer that we engaged with five years ago that we just won. So, some happen in five weeks and some happened in five years. So we really don’t have an exact precise answer on that ratio. But we just hope it keeps increasing because we’ve got plenty of time and TAM to serve it.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Jim. I would say I’m pleasantly surprised with the entire year, not necessarily Q3 and Q4. I think the level of activity on enterprise has been something we’re very proud of. At the same time, our preferred partnership status with both Cloud Titans and some of the specialty cloud providers is we just -- the team is just executing very, very well. And if anything, while Arista doesn’t tend to boast about backlog and orders and order strength, I am most proud of the execution that despite all of those happy capabilities, executing that and translating into revenue is a pleasant surprise from Q3 to Q4.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I think it’s fair. I think, the broader thing to take away is demand is strong. Execution could be stronger if we had supply chain resolution.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I’ll try to answer. I think it’s a very thoughtful question, Alex, that will this period of extreme growth continue forever? And the answer is no. Nothing continues forever. Every party has a beginning and an end. However, for Arista, there’s tremendous opportunity. I just want to clarify that independent of the Cloud Titan CapEx spend, I believe we can enjoy a double-digit growth for quite some time to come in the non-Cloud Titan space. So, I just want to make sure you understand that independent of this extreme enthusiasm and excitement era we’re in, Arista has a foundation to keep growing double digits for multiple years to come. Now, I do think we’re in a -- because of lead times and the frenzy and people are looking and planning and visibility is greater for us, and I think this will continue not only in 2021 and 2022, but will continue into 2023. We’ll probably, and this is just a pure speculation on my part, settle into a more normal growth thereafter. But even so, we don’t wish for that growth to be in single digits. We’ll be working hard for that to be much faster.
Jayshree Ullal: And to answer campus questions -- to answer the Campus question, I don’t have exact numbers, but a good rule of thumb for you to think of is about half our customers came from existing and half came from new prospects. And we’re getting many, many new logos, obviously, that we’re just starting with. So some of them start small and they’ll get even bigger this year.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, let me just separate the question you’re asking, James. The titans, we historically had 1 or 2 quarters. And now we’re saying we have at least a year. That’s a huge factor in our planning. It’s also the volume of purchase we have to make, the projects, et cetera. On the enterprise, we’ve always enjoyed longer-term visibility. It’s always been 6 to 12 months. So, I would say, in general, one year is our visibility right now on projects. Not too much longer than that and not too much less than that. It’s just enjoying the benefit of greater visibility on the titans is what’s really changed.
Jayshree Ullal: Let’s take a campus example. Invariably, it’s a new building they’re putting in or a new project they have. The project is most likely to be second half 2022 or early 2023, but they’re planning now. So, that happens all the time. That’s not new.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. I would -- one thing I would want to reiterate is the planning horizon and the planning time and the think time on this has gotten a lot larger because of the lead time issue. They never used to worry about it. They were doing just-in-time planning and now they have to do one year planning.
Jayshree Ullal: I just want to add, Ben, that what Anshul, John McCool, Susan Hayes, the entire team has done is they’ve historically had to focus on 5 or 10 strategic vendors. I think that number has gone up 10x to 50 to 70. So, the relationships we now have to maintain, keep and understand and appropriately design our products and wait for their timing has gone up by 7 to 10x. And therefore, we have to make more purchase commitments and plans for them for a longer duration of time.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. George, I think it comes back to thinking about the components again and where the kind of -- where the value of the BAM is and the commitments we’re willing to make around some of those key components. So, they’re not necessarily going to be consumed in this coming year, but we are willing to kind of take control of those components by making those commitments. And again, it’s early life products, early life silicon, and we believe that that’s a relatively safe bet and it’s the cost of capital really that we’re tying up. So, I think that’s what you’re seeing. It’s not that everything that we’ve got purchase commitments out for now will be consumed, shipped and revenue in 2022.
Anshul Sadana: Thank you, Jayshree. Our cloud business continues to be strong. In 2021, we successfully transitioned from prototype to trials to production on our latest products for 100 gig, 200 gig and 400 gig. The Arista 7800 is now deployed at scale for data center spine, PCI and regional spines and AI spine clusters. The Arista 7388, which we co-developed with Meta and announced at OCP, November last year, is also now running successfully in production data centers. We not only continue to do well in existing use cases, but are also winning in new areas like WAN and Cloud Edge. Feedback from our largest customers is consistent. Arista products are easier to work with and have far fewer issues than competition. While there is often speculation about share shifts in some of our use cases, demand for our products from these Cloud Titans remains healthy. To quote one of our largest customers directly, “Arista continues to maintain and even grow its leadership position in these high-volume leaf spine deployments.” Back to you, Jayshree.
Anshul Sadana: Amit, Ethernet classically has had hotspots when you try to saturate it with all these types of flows and heavyweight traffic. But the 7800 can provide lost-less networking across all of these nodes, GPUs, CPUs, data sets being sliced around and chop it around, which is what creates the opportunity for us, especially with the 7800 and the product is doing fairly well in the new AI and spine use cases.
Anshul Sadana: Absolutely, Jayshree. I think the Cloud Titans have a very strong business model, which is resulting in the investments they are making. So, there’s real strength there to move on. Number two, all of these customers are planning fairly well. So, we appreciate the visibility. And it’s very clear, they’re not trying to stock these products in the warehouse. They absolutely need them to go live into their network. So, the buildouts are very real. Paul, if we had visibility for two or three years, we would be delighted, but we should be happy of visibility for one year. So let’s not go beyond that. But for the near term, we believe the demand is strong.
Anshul Sadana: So, as we mentioned right at the start of the year, we expected many of these new products, new technologies to be deployed second half of the year and especially the 7800, the 7388 was launched in November of last year. So, they were somewhat back-end loaded. Other than that, demand has been healthy and strong. So, there’s a little bit of timing gap there more related supply of new products and technology. But there’s nothing else to worry about within the cloud business. We believe they will be a strong contributor going forward.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. David, Jayshree and Ita mentioned, we took a lot of time at the Analyst Day and today to go over 30% growth plans. And both of these customers are very significant parts of our business. One is already greater than a 10% customer. The other one will likely get there soon. So, we have taken their strength into our models and into our guidance already. We believe the demand is healthy. As you’ve mentioned, they are investing very well across the entire world and new build-outs and data centers with new technology -- and we are clearly the preferred partner they’ve had and they continue to have in networking. So, we’ll benefit with that as well. So to some extent, this makes up for the lack of growth in 2019 or 2020, now with this new cycle, and really enjoy the growth with them.
Anshul Sadana: Probably hard to model all the volatility we have with supply. I think, right now, demand is strong. So it’s really tied to supply of products. And these customers have enough other ways they can figure how to deploy technology if they give them enough heads up. So, that’s lesser of a concern right now.
Ita Brennan: The software piece was probably growing pretty much in line with the business, right, because the percentage of revenue is pretty constant. The routing piece itself, I don’t have that at hand.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I mean, we’ve definitely seen increases in prices, and we’ve talked about that, right? We had some orders that were repriced. So there has been some repricing of backlog, right? Given the extended lead times, that’s just the reality is people try to fulfill against that open backlog to those suppliers, we’re seeing that they need to make increases there. So, we’ve definitely seen some of that. So I think, it’s a combination of both. You’re seeing ongoing kind of disruptions and increases as you go forward, but also some repricing of our backlogs to these suppliers, right? Do we know kind of where this is going to go next? I think we’re watching that very carefully to see if there are further increases. We’ve obviously passed on some of those increases to our customers with the price increases that we’ve made. We’ve been transparent about what we’re seeing on the cost side. And we’ll continue to do that. We’ll continue to monitor with suppliers and with customers and take what actions we need to take as we go forward.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I mean, I think what -- I’ll go back to kind of our normal commentary around gross margin. I think what we’ve said is as we fulfill backlog that was kind of at older pricing, we’ll see some pressure there. Then, we’ll start to benefit from some customer price increases that we put into place, but that’s not going to happen for some time because we had quite a large backlog and long lead times. At the same time, we will see some mix shifts between the different pieces of the business. So, I think we can maintain some similar gross margins across the various pieces of the business. But then as the customer mix shifts, that will have a bigger impact. That’s why we would caution as we’re able to improve supply and grow that Cloud Titan piece of the business, again, it will have a negative impacting in gross margin in outer quarters potentially, right? So, I think it’s a like-for-like kind of sector-to-sector. I think we can do a good job of kind of managing that. But then, as we mix between the different pieces, again, that’s going to have an impact.
Ita Brennan: I mean I think, Tal, we’re certainly seeing, I would say, good new logo, closure rates, et cetera, in that part of the business. I think that’s -- it’s hard to comment on share, but I think there’s definitely traction there. And you see it in our numbers, obviously.
Ita Brennan: What we’re thinking, Paul, is what we’re seeing consistently across all our Cloud Titan customers and, in fact, some of the specialty cloud customers, is their -- all their upgrades are in full swing, right? They’re all investing. Additionally, we are putting more megawatt data center capacity annually every year. And so, we think this is a multiyear upgrade. But we obviously can’t see much beyond 2022 right now, but we’ll let you know as we do.
Ita Brennan: Yes. So, I think there’s a couple of things in there, right? I think if you go back to what we said at Analyst Day, which was, look, we could grow 30% with reasonable growth rates across the business and be in that kind of 63% to 65% range, right? And I think that’s still the case. I think that the script guidance is more saying, if we’re able to accelerate beyond that and we really accelerate on the cloud piece of the business, that’s when we’ll see it kind of threaten the bottom end of that range and maybe -- and go below that. It’s a different environment in terms of the cost structure and some of the cost inputs that we’re dealing with, et cetera. I think it’s -- you have to -- you have to think about the different cost increases, logistics costs, et cetera, that we’re dealing with now. And the flexibility just isn’t there in the same way as it was back then. I mean, we’ve done a really good job I think and the team has done a really good job of optimizing gross margin over time. Right? But now, your degrees of freedom are less, right? So I think it’s a tighter cost structure to deal with and then it’s a growing cloud presence. And again, we’re just saying, okay, in that scenario, you could see some pressure on the bottom end of that range.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I don’t know that we’re going to get into the whole backlog bookings conversation. I mean, it’s just so hard for it to be meaningful right now given the lead times and what’s been happening with lead times, et cetera. I think on the deferred revenue, I would say, look, it’s not our intention right now that that deferred balance would feed the 30%. We’ll see how that goes as we go to the quarter, but we’re not assuming right now that that’s coming off the balance sheet.
Ita Brennan: But Alex, it’s a compression of time as well, right? Instead of having visibility to a quarter, you’ve got visibility to do a period much, much longer, right? That’s why you have to stay focused on deployments and how all of this going to get deployed. It’s not all going to get deployed at the same rate as it’s booking. That’s for sure, right? So I think you have to think about. That’s why we keep trying to focus on deployments with customers and when will stuff actually get deployed because the bookings number is more a factor of time and the planning horizon than it is anything else, right? Yes. It’s a really good point.
Ita Brennan: That’s not pull-ins, per se, from a revenue and a business perspective, right? They’re just giving visibility.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I mean the $2.8 billion, there is a big piece of that that’s kind of -- some of the key components that we’ve always buffered and we’ve extended kind of the period of time that we’re buffering for. So, the -- some of the chips and other things that just are new chips for new products, relatively low excess obsolete risk and difficult to secure, and we are making kind of investments there to do that. So, there’s -- at least 50% or more is tied up in that, right? And that -- those will come in and we’ll hold them and we’ll use them when we need to use them. The rest of the class other components because what we’ve seen is, it’s not just about the key components anymore, right? We have to get ourselves involved in other components, broader set of components across the supply chain because you need 100% of the BAM [ph] in order to be able to ship, right? And it’s kind of you see decommits. The decommits are not, we would have considered key components before. They’re just smaller components embedded in the BAM. So, we’re taking a broader view of that, and that’s why you’ve seen that step up happen again this quarter. In terms of when it gets received, I mean, the chips and stuff will come in. I mean, they will come in and will hold them. So, you’ll see a fair amount of that turn in 2022 because of that, just because it’s the components that we’re going to hold.
