Liz Stine: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on today’s call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks’ President and Chief Executive Officer and Ita Brennan, Arista’s Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal third quarter ending September 30, 2022. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at our website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the fourth quarter of the 2022 fiscal year, longer term financial outlook for 2022 and beyond, our total addressable market and strategy for addressing these market opportunities, supply chain constraints, component costs, manufacturing capacity, inventory purchases and inflationary pressures on our business, the potential impact of COVID-19, extended lead times, product innovations and the benefits of acquisitions, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Liz Stine: Thank you, Ita. We will now move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you for your understanding. Operator, take it away.
Liz Stine: This concludes the Arista Networks third quarter 2022 earnings call. We have posted a presentation, which provides additional information on our results, which you can access on the Investors section of our website. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in Arista.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Liz. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon for our third quarter 2022 earnings call. We delivered record revenues of $1.17 billion for the quarter with a non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.25. Services and software support renewals contributed approximately 16.3% of the revenue. Our non-GAAP gross margins of 51.2%, was pressured by escalated costs due to supply chain as well as a substantially higher cloud titan mix. We expect some of these trends to continue into 2023. Cloud titan was our largest vertical, followed by enterprise and then cloud specialty providers, financials and finally, service providers. International contribution was at 17%, with the Americas at 83%, once again reflecting stronger cloud customer influence. Our Q3 2022 results reinforce Arista’s customer relevance in both cloud titan and specialty cloud providers. I would like to invite Anshul Sadana, our Chief Operating Officer and Cloud [indiscernible] to shed some light on this.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Anshul. We are experiencing one of our best ever cloud titan growth and revenue this year since IPO. Therefore, we expect north of 45% contribution in 2022 from this category with a diversified product portfolio and use cases, as you heard from Anshul. Speaking of new products, Arista introduced the next phase of routing this quarter in Q3. Arista’s cloud-grade routing platform, power extensible operating system, EOS and our network data lake, NetDL, is built on a consistent architectural foundation for multiple routing use cases, such as peering, content delivery, networks, Cloud Connect, Enterprise Edge, mobile and Metro Edge as well as carrier core. We have successfully transformed legacy routers to modern routing. For our customers securing data in transit, Arista’s innovative TunnelSec technology provides inline encryption and wire speed from 10-gig all the way up to 400-gig, eliminating the performance bottleneck of traditional encryption. Arista’s latest R3 series routing portfolio continues to deliver for our adjacent market sector that we began 6 years ago. As I mentioned previously, our customer momentum continues. Our $1 million logos have doubled in the last 3 years and Arista’s market share in 100, 200 and 400-gig ports climbs placing us at a number market leader position according to many industry analysts. Let me illustrate with a few customer wins this year. The recurring theme to remember is that Arista is diversifying its business with many use cases such as data center, campus, routing, cloud and edge based all on cloud principles. Our first enterprise win highlights the ever growing strength of a single solution for diverse use cases, in the data center, in the campus and in data center interconnect routing. Based on industry standards and monitoring capabilities with Arista’s DANZ Monitoring Fabric, or DMF, Arista was uniquely positioned to provide a single EOS binary code version using CloudVision and our NetDL stack. The next is an international Americas win in the financial sector, providing secure data center solutions. Arista’s competitive advantage was twofold. First, our single U.S. stack provided reassurance that they could handle security patches, bug patches, new software code upgrades with zero dime time, much better than our peers in the industry. Also, we can do much better automation. Traditionally, it used to take customers several months, if not years, to go live with a single data center with their incumbent vendor. Arista’s programmatic APIs, continuous integration validation with DevOps integration was deployed across multiple data centers within just a few days with no human intervention or errors offering the lowest total cost of ownership. Our third win demonstrates our strength in campus in the healthcare sector. This customer was looking to upgrade its legacy infrastructure in multiple hospital locations and moving more to a cloud-operated model. Arista provided that cloud-managed network offering across the data center campus and cognitive WiFi and also WAN Edge and Internet Edge. The single pane of glass offers real-time network-as-a-service with visibility, health checks, troubleshooting and provisioning to the client, all the way to campus and to the cloud infrastructure. The next international win shows our continuing presence in the public sector. This customer wanted to move to a 100-gigabit Ethernet using Arista’s Spine and Spline platforms to connect into incumbent DWDM, Edge and load balances for massive route scale. Arista’s advantage was the lowest software security vulnerabilities over a 9-year period compared to alternatives that were significantly higher. This, by the way, also applied to Arista’s cognitive WiFi with zero vulnerabilities. Our final win emphasizes Arista’s ability to provide encryption as a part of a secure routing solution. This was an international Tier 2 service provider, whereby Arista delivered full line rate data in transit for the customers’ remote sites. This bespoke design encompasses Layer 3 virtual private network, VPN, over VXLAN routing solutions with macro segmentation based on access less and direct flow rules, all managed by CloudVision. Overall, you could see that Arista continues to gain customer relevance and market share and building our vision for a client to cloud network. The promise of not only delivering on superior technology, but the ability to help our customers realize the operational benefits via world class quality, support, service is a real compelling advantage. We look forward to sharing more of our vision and strategy at our Analyst Day this Thursday, November 3, 2022. Now, I will turn over to Ita for our financial specifics.
Jayshree Ullal: Why don’t – I think I will interpret your question, Tim, even though I only heard half of it, which is what is your status on campus and enterprise strategy and how are you doing the $400 million target? Obviously, we will get back to you when we have completed the year. But at this point, we would say that the strength of our campus business from an order perspective is very strong and we should expect to receive $400 million. We are very supply constrained. So we are not yet sure if we will hit the $400 million from a revenue and shipment perspective.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. No, we are very pleased with our wireless LAN contribution. If you think back – we acquired Mojo Networks in 2018, late 2018, early 2019 and it was a very small single-digit business. And we expect the wireless LAN contribution to become a triple-digit business next year.
Jayshree Ullal: Alex, thank you for the kind words, and I’ll tee it up and certainly let Ita speak to some of the details you are asking about. First of all, I just want to say I’m very proud of the team for executing. As you know, we came into the year expecting 30% growth. And here we are telling you it’s going to be 45%. So a huge contribution from Anshul and the team, not only on the cloud titans, but all on the enterprise and rest of the cloud business, as we call it by Chris Schmidt and Ashwin, a lot to be proud of, especially as the numbers get larger. So as you think about the numbers getting larger, it’s going to be difficult to sustain 45% growth every year. I’d love to have it. But as you know, Arista is a volatile business, and you have to think of us across a 3 to 5-year CAGR, not just on an annual basis. So I still think we have a TAM. We’re going to do very well. But with the loan uncertainty of recession and CapEx spend, etcetera, it’s definitely difficult to predict beyond a year. Having, said that, I think, as I said before, we’re having one of our best ever years in 2022. And even though the comps will be difficult, we feel confident that if supply chain gives us some relief, we can do well in 2023 as well. Ita, would you like to add.
Jayshree Ullal: Look, I don’t think Arista is a bellwether for macro. So we’ll let the pundits on economists speak about that. But I think it’s fair to say that data center spend has been very strong. And we’re confident of our near-term strength, both in Cloud Titans, Enterprise and Campus. If there is a place that we see some softening at all geographically, I would point to Europe. They have had effect of the pandemic, the energy crisis, the war, the Brexit, it’s just a whole lot of things going on there. But our numbers are small. And even there, I would say it’s more enough to execute better. So overall, macro is not yet an issue for us. We’ll keep a vigilant eye on it, but so far, so good.
Jayshree Ullal: Right. I don’t think Arista is any more a new vendor. I think we are the best-of-breed vendor. And what we see, especially in networking, unlike any…
Jayshree Ullal: Yes [indiscernible]. I would say if anything, Paul, just to answer your question more directly, unlike server or storage, networking is a very, very strategic spend. There is a long qualification cycle that goes in this proof-of-concept labs is intense testing for scale. And we’re all struggling with lead times. So switching windows doesn’t give you any particular advantage. And if you’re looking for best-of-breed and best operational advantages, our customers would prefer to wait for us. So of course, we don’t want to test their patients. We’re going to do everything we can to execute. You’re seeing that in our purchase commitment, but we’ve got to execute even better.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Meta. So I think it’s fair to say, as Anshul has often said that our relationship and partnership with the Cloud Titans continues to be strong and couldn’t be better. especially with Microsoft and Meta, who we fully expect to be greater than 10% concentration. I wish we could ship them more. And I think if they were hearing this call, they would be saying, I wish you could ship us more too. So I don’t think it is a case of shipping more. I think it’s a case of demand from them and a very strategic partnership at the engineering level, at the network design level, at the operational level, at the procurement level and actually Anshul, I like you do – since you’re dealing with this daily, say some more.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Hey, Ben, so you asked really two questions, what’s the direction of our visibility? Is it getting longer? Generally, right now, because of our lead times, our visibility is approximately 6 months to a year. And we’ve now had that kind of visibility, particularly from our cloud providers. So directionally, it’s not getting longer, but staying about the same is what I’d tell you. And then what are we seeing on supply chain and when is it going to get better gosh, we – one of the reasons that Ita, Anshul and myself made such a concerted effort, we got Board approval for very large purchase commitments, multiyear despite a smaller revenue is exactly not to be in the spot we are which is we wanted to get all our components. But sadly, we have almost all the components except a handful and you can’t build a system without the last few components. So we do have still subsidies shortages, as I said before, we expect this to go into 2023. And I think our long lead times will persist in the industry for networking, especially for the next several months and for 2023. So we don’t see a lot of relief in sight until we can get all the components being short of a few components still means we can’t build the system. So expect us – it’s improving, but expect us to really only see improvement a year from now.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, Fahad. I’ll try. I think in terms of demand, we fully expect to grow double digits next year, and I hope for years to come unless there is some real macro issues. Specific to next year, again, we will guide specifically at Analyst Day. But I think if supply chain would be relieved, we would grow double-digits, if supply chain continues to be constrained, will still grow double-digits. So either way, it must do well next year.
Jayshree Ullal: So – no, I don’t – I was answering the question time more on, is there a recession in a broad sense, if at all, we are generally seeing very strong demand worldwide. If at all, we are seeing some softness in weakness, it would be in parts of Europe because of all the things through. Specific to Arista, I see no reason mission to be growing everywhere, including Europe. But our rate of growth in Europe may be slower for exactly the reasons you mentioned that their overall economy, if you look at the GDP and if you look at the top three countries, Germany, UK and from France, none of them are really substantially investing. So I think because we have small numbers, we can do fine. We should be able to still grow double digits, but that is the only sign of recession we have so far seen.
Jayshree Ullal: Unquestionably, I think while majority of the enterprise is still on 10 and 40, we are seeing more and more combinations of 100 gig and 400 gig, not only in the cloud titans, but also in the rest of the customer base. Just to level set on the numbers, you may recall that we had 70 or so customers in 2020. We doubled to 300 into 2021. And if I had to guess, I would say we double again in 2022 in terms of 400 gig customers. But the important thing to remember here is they are not just 400. There really are a permutation and combination of multiple speeds, multiple use cases. And together, they are an important contributor, but it’s never an isolation 100. Some of them are uplinks. Some of them are native connections. Some of them, as Anshul alluded, are DCI routing solutions. So, our market share in this combination of 100, 400 and in some cases, 200 is number one for a good reason, because they really have to work together with the right software and right management. The AI spine cluster is emerging as a new use case. It’s still early days, and we have talked about it some. We will talk about it more at the Analyst Day, but more use case emergence for applications that really push the speed and latency and performance and predictable bandwidth of 400 gig is going to add additional fuel to our 400 gig demand.
Jayshree Ullal: Maybe you read more into my quote than I meant. At the end of the day, Arista is viewed as a data center company. But if you look at the diversified portfolio, we are trying to say we are entering many more new markets like routing, like campus and even subsets of the market like securing our solutions better with encryption, with better visibility and observability. And indeed, we will talk more about new market expansion in a couple of days. So, undoubtedly, we are moving from becoming a pure data center company to many more markets that center the data in different locations.
Jayshree Ullal: First, I think it’s super important to understand that even though it’s leaf and spine, Samik, these data centers, whether they would be building them at a regional level or a mega scale level, the leaf and spine is really going to expand and explode as the cloud titans expand their presence. So, that growth – that organic growth that we began our journey with them will continue. And we will depend on that growth. In addition to that, as Anshul said, we will have new use cases on the WAN, the regional, the DCI and especially AI spine, particularly with the cloud titans. It may expand to – those new use cases may also expand to other specialty cloud providers. But I would say we would be looking for sources of growth in both areas, expansion of the existing data centers into new locations and more scale as well as new use cases. Just one and half a dozen of the other.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. And to answer your question, we – I don’t have exact numbers on 400 gig, but if I had to guess even though we are gaining customers, most of them are as uplink. So, the number of ports is still small. I would say our penetration is well under 10%, maybe even 5%. That’s just a good guess.
Jayshree Ullal: No. If we go into ‘23, the way to think of this is people are still migrating from 10 gig and 10 gig and 40 gig to 100 gig will still be the largest migration. As a result of that migration, you will see more deployment of 400 gig. So, 400 gig will still be small. Maybe it will go from 5 to 10.
Jayshree Ullal: And I think as lead times improve, we expect customer visibility to shrink. But right now, we are working hard on that lead time improvement. So, we are a year away from that.
Anshul Sadana: Thank you, Jayshree. Our partnership with the cloud titans and specialty providers keeps getting stronger. While supply chain got most of the attention for the last 2 years, we have achieved several technical milestones with our customers during this period, taking our products from labs to pilot to high-volume deployments. We have successfully deployed in more use cases than before, including the lease mine cluster designs, data center white spines, data center interconnects, backbone, WAN and Edge. Our customers have a deep appreciation of our expertise and execution. The titans, starting with Microsoft and Meta are continuing with their 400-gig journey. They are using our latest fixed and debuffer modular 400-gig switches in these new deployments. We are continuing to expand our use cases with the other titans too. While they are relatively smaller, these partnerships are healthy and continuing to grow as well. The specialty cloud providers are continuing to grow too. They have very similarly spine designs, but with smaller clusters and they too have the same DCI and regional designs just fewer ports. We are in a competitive industry and our customers like some diversity. However, we are very well positioned to maintain and grow our share given our quality, execution and some partnerships. Back to you, Jayshree.
Anshul Sadana: Meta, the demand from these customers is just strong. Yes, there is some timing of revenue and deferred and so on. That’s not what’s leading into their strength, the raw demand from these customers continues to be strong. They want to do more build-outs. If you look at how many data centers and regions they want to build out, it’s very strong. you look at their DCI ads with 400-gig and 100-kilometer type of distances. Building big regions. That’s very, very strong. And they love our execution. As Jayshree mentioned, if they could get them more product, they would happily take it as well. So all in all, a phenomenal outcome compared to where about 2 years ago, but in a very healthy cycle with our cloud customers.
Anshul Sadana: Yes, Fahad. Our customers will consume everything we can ship. We are not worried about inventory build out any time soon.
Anshul Sadana: Well, I’m not cared to refer boxing match. But in terms of supply, and overall demand, our customers like to diversify. I think most customers have already set their plans. We’re not expecting any big dramatic changes from here on. And we talked about a couple of years now, that customers truly like our product. They like our occasion. The partnership is healthy. Even not worried because of claims from many companies on how they’ll be ahead and there will be us and all of that. In the end, we’ve done really well. If someone takes a share in one of the roles, we take share in other roles, too. So as a result, because of the expansion in WAN and Edge and routing other use cases, we’ve done well, and our expectation is we’ll actually continue to do going forward as well.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. Amit, in general, these cloud companies keep exploring every possible way to go faster. There is a misunderstanding in tender. But it’s on the Wall Street side of things, sometimes people have said, hey, people want to find something that’s cheaper because they can save money. The reality is, they have to look at their total overall business impact. And if they can go faster and get a competitive advantage, that’s a huge benefit to them. So, most of these companies do not build their own products or stacks just a bit cheaper. They build it because there is some secret sauce. There is some IP, there is some integration. That’s what you are seeing with the co-development we do with Meta and Microsoft, whether it’s on the FBOSS, SONiC side or some of the hardware we developed as well. The other titans explore the same use cases are similar themes with us on an ongoing basis. So, these are not new discussions to us. And I think we will continue to execute well. Clearly, the majority of the business continues to come from our top two customers. We are happy with that. The others are engaged as we talked to us on previously, but those are long running projects, but then I am going to get to a decision point and actually impact, you have to wait several years and we will get there. But there is nothing that’s changed in the industry. People are in general happy with the way status quo has been maintained with a little bit of let’s explore other options in working with companies like us, where possible.
Anshul Sadana: George, that is a good question. I get asked that internally daily because we have to worry about what’s going on in the other side, our customers buffering. I would say the best sign is the number of phone calls I get or Jayshree gets, or others in the company get on when are you shipping. So, these customers are still roughly handout. There are a few places where they can still calibrate for the computer to come up and so on. But in most cases, customers are desperate, the deployment teams are waiting for the gear to show up, and they light it up as quickly as possible. You have to realize where we came from. Since the start of COVID, the world has been constrained. And that constraint over such a long period, generally means people can’t execute the project timelines, and they are still short. At some point, this will recover. But nowhere close to that in today’s time. So, I think it will take a long time, maybe I will say George, if supply recovers by the end of ‘23, I think that’s when customers will feel comfortable, and they will eventually have an opportunity to buffer up, but yet not there today.
Ita Brennan: Yes, Simon, I think obviously, the goal is to make the purchase commitments that we need to support the business, but it is multiyear, right? And we are thinking about this kind of longer-term than just the year that’s ahead, right? So that’s why you’re seeing the numbers kind of not match perfectly to whatever your revenue assumption is for just for 2023, right? So well, again, we’ll talk about 2023 and the growth rate when we get to the Analyst Day. And then maybe you can ask this question again, and we’ll try to provide some more guidance, but it really is about being multiyear, and some of these products are early-stage products where we believe we can put [indiscernible] there is a limited risk in terms of E&O and reserves and really you’re tying up cash, but that’s kind of the – that’s worth it in terms of being able to have the products and have the components in place when we need them.
Ita Brennan: And Matt, on the deferred, I mean nothing for the year and stage, right? If you look at it year-to-date, the really the deferred is not a contributor at all at this point.
Ita Brennan: Yes. So on the deferred, the product deferred decline in Q3 is about $60 million. So there is a piece of it is just services, service contract timing and stuff in there. So really, the thing that’s kind of directly linked to the revenue is about $60 million. For Q4 in the guide, we’re assuming no deferred, right, and no deferred impact, right? So that’s that question. And then the other question was the expenses and operating margin. I think look, we were flat pretty much on OpEx in Q3. Some of that is timing. That wasn’t the original plan, obviously. So some of that will recover. And some of – as we head into Q4, we’ll see some sales commissions and other things at the back end of the year, tend to be a little higher as well, right? So it’s kind of a combination of maybe some timing and then just the normal kind of Q4 dynamics.
Ita Brennan: Yes, these numbers, Ittai, I have a lot of cloud influence in them. So it depends when you strip that out, the kind of in-region business is growing.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I think on the gross margin piece, I mean there is more cloud mix in the business. I think that we have seen than we have ever seen.
Ita Brennan: But we also have – remember, don’t forget the expediting fees and stuff we have talked about the 200 basis points to 300 basis points. I mean that is still there. I think that will be there for a while, certainly in our Q4 guide. So, I think it’s a combination of those two, right. When you think back in that time period, you could run the business for costs, right. And we were optimizing costs in every way. Today, we are kind of hamstrung because of supply. So, it’s inefficient right now, to be honest, right, particularly with these de-commits. So, we need to get out of that, and then we can kind of start to drive for some improvements on the gross margin side as well. I think on the OpEx side, if you look back historically, we have probably been in the 20%, 22% growth type range on OpEx except in times of disruption, right. So, I mean that’s probably not a bad way to think about it.
Ita Brennan: I think it depends on the product mix to some degree, right. I mean you have got – there is more – you would have to do more disaggregation to really get to what’s happening there, right. But there is – the product mix is a part of that as well.
Ita Brennan: Yes. Just on the gross margin. I think given where we are today, I think it’s not a bad idea to model that gross margin as being kind of constrained until we get out from under the constraint, honestly. I think that’s a very real kind of cost that we are carrying, and it’s not clear yet exactly when that starts to improve. So, yes, I think it’s not a bad idea to hold it there until we are able to kind of show real demonstrable improvements and more predictability, I guess on these de-committed parts.
Ita Brennan: Yes. We would start with the services piece. I mean it’s just all about the timing of the service agreements, right. If you think about what deferred venue is, if I sign a contract on day one, it’s a 2-year, 3-year contract, you are going to have the maximum amount of deferred revenue you can have. And then when it comes towards the renewal of that contract, you are going to have the least amount of deferred revenue that you could have from a services perspective, right. So, it’s purely on timing on the services side, right. The lumpier thing is obviously on the product, but the services is truly just the mechanics of how the services contracts flow, right. And then I guess on the cancellations, etcetera, I mean we have not seen any change in the business. I think we are to Anshul’s point, I mean we are still seeing customers very intensely focused on getting products at this point. I am not going to try to age out the backlog that’s kind of we are not quite there ready to do that just given some of the uncertainties on supply and so on.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I mean I think as you look at the year, I mean obviously, we have been ramping revenues and ramping shipments. So, we have been ramping kind of with cloud as well, right. And cloud has grown faster. It started off from a lower base, obviously. So, it did need to recover, if you like, it was at 30%, which is pretty much the lowest we have seen it last year, and we – so it’s definitely recovered from there. I think on the rest of the business, the demand is there. The demand has certainly exceeded our expectations when we came into the year. But given the shipment constraints, etcetera, it’s kind of a bit of – we have been trying to stick to the FIFO first in, first out as much as we can. And so that has been more constrained. I think we will expect to see that kind of start to improve, hopefully, here as we head into next year.
