Charles Yager: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks’ President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its first quarter ended March 31, 2019. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company's website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the second quarter of 2019 fiscal year; industry innovation; our market opportunity; the benefits of recent acquisitions; and the impact of litigation, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-K and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today, and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Charles Yager: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time consent as I should request that everyone should limit themselves to a single question.
Charles Yager: Okay. Thank you all for your questions. This concludes the Arista Q1 2019 earnings call. For additional information on Arista and our quarterly results please visit our Investor Relations website.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Charles. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon for our first quarter of 2019 earnings call. Our profitability growth combination was once again demonstrated with a non-GAAP revenue of $595.4 million, while non-GAAP earnings per share grew to a record $2.31. Services contributed approximately 15% of revenue. We delivered non-GAAP gross margins of 64.5% influenced by a strong performance from both our enterprise vertical and services. We registered a record number of million dollar customers in Q1 just as we did in Q4 2018 and we continue to drive our new customer expansion at the rate of one to two per day. In Q1 2019, the cloud titan segment was our largest vertical. The modern enterprise segment is now consistently our second largest with financials in third place supported by a strong solid contribution from our Metamako acquisition. Tier 2 cloud specialty providers and service providers came in at fourth and fifth place. In terms of geography in Q1 2019, the international contribution was 26% with the Americas coming in at 74%. We delivered two major new product announcements during Q1 with 7368 Spline that we developed in close collaboration with Facebook enabling both our flagship EOS as well as Facebook's OS to be supported on the platform. We also introduced the 7130, the first low latency high precision network application platform. We're pleased with the increased acceptance of our software subscriptions with a record quarter for CloudVision having doubled our bookings from Q1 2018. While 2019 is off to a decent start, we are experiencing somewhat of a speed bump in Q2 2019. We saw less than the normal order strength in late March and in the month of April. We are therefore forecasting slower growth in Q2 2019 from our normal and historical patterns. Some of the contributing reasons for this are one the massive cloud titan providers fulfilled in 2018 have led to a period of absorption in the first half of 2019. In particular, one cloud titan has placed most orders on hold for Q2 2019. We note the lackluster performance of the service provider vertical and this – we forecast this to continue in Q2 2019 consistent with industry trends. To put the volatility of the cloud spend into perspective, as I have shared with you many times, cloud titans typically give us one to two quarters of forecast. And this time, we're seeing a decreased demand in the first half of 2019 compared to 2018. Meanwhile, our enterprise momentum is healthy and very much in its early innings. Our investments from prior years to the present are now paying off. These enterprises typically require contracts, training as well as the deployment of Arista’s new programmable FTN technologies and can take typically a year or more in sales cycles. We do expect 2019 to be a crucial year for both the enterprise data center and campus in terms of customer acceptance. As we look ahead, our new product introductions are slated to ramp in the second half of 2019. And we expect this to create uptick in demand. You will, of course, hear more about our new product pipeline and customer momentum at our June Analyst Day. But in summary we foresee a bright opportunity ahead in cloud area networking in the second area networking in the second half of 2019 personally. I'm excited by our prospects here as customers migrate to a cloud like strategy with their unwavering belief in Arista’s superior quality and technology. And with that I like to turn it over to Ita for more financial metrics.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Tejas. I think you successfully combine three questions in one. I'll do my best to answer all three. I think in terms of cloud titans for Q2, one in specific is going to contribute greatly to our different guidance than was expected, but it isn't limited to one. There are multiple in there. Some are doing well and some are not. So as you add the puts and takes, its overall a net negative. We still expect it to be the number one vertical in spite of everything. It's a strong vertical for us. We see a lot of demand. We see strength in products. We’re competitively very strong in superior there. In terms of the Tier 2 cloud specialty providers, they continue to do – okay, I think the message you should read there is that our enterprise and financials are stronger, not so much that the cloud specialty is weak. And that was to be expected as we start getting broader in the enterprise and as the Metamako acquisition came in. Service providers, nothing new, you are right 2018 was a disappointment as we said so in the last call. And it's an industry trend. And Q1 was no different and I'm not sure Q2 will be any different. I expect it to be the last vertical in the segment.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Jim. I think we're forming our conviction for the second half of the year. We don't have a direct answer. As you can tell, we have six weeks of data, six weeks, so even though quarter don't make a trend. We do believe the digestion will complete by the end of Q 2. What we don't have clear visibility to is the new demand for second half of the year.
Jayshree Ullal: Mitch, first of all, I think the numbers should definitely come down for Q2 and for further detail I think we would want to be – we're watching this closely, we want to be vigilant and we really don't want to form an opinion until we have more data and can make one definitively. So things were fine when we talked to you at the last call on Valentine's Day and much of the change happened in the second half of March.
Jayshree Ullal: I think it's important to look at this as a framework and then the specifics will happen as they happen.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah, yeah, a fair point Ittai. As you know, things were fairly linear when we talked to you. In fact we were feeling quite confident. And we experienced a sudden change in mid March and a sudden slow down in order especially from the cloud titans. So while I would love to give you a comfort, we are watching, we're not concluding, one quarter for that matter, six weeks, don't conclude a trend. But we felt it was really prudent for us to reflect that the health of the cloud titan business suddenly shifted in six weeks, right. So in terms of answering your question on market dynamics, we don't believe they've changed. It's important to note that we're not experiencing any competitive dynamics that are different from the normal cycle. We continue to gain share and have a tremendous opportunity both in the cloud data center and new markets at the campus. So I wouldn't read anything into this six week except, as I said, especially one cloud titan specifically slowed down and paused most orders in Q2. And those kinds of things have an impact on our guidance.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. And regarding as a service providers. No, I would say it contributed a little bit to Q1. We expected to contribute a little bit to Q2, but the largest shortfall was due to the cloud titans.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, I think – I’d say two things. You'll hear more about this from our June Analyst Day. We want to get into more detail there. But the two things are generally say is the Mojo acquisition has been very successfully integrated and that is playing, that they've seen a lot more activity in campus from that. But we're also seeing a lot of fundamental cognitive architectural activity, customers are really liking our approach to a campus design much more focused on clients steering better service assurance, native OpenConfig support. Our X3 splines that our competitors are playing catch up to a year later has been very well received and deployed. And finally, CloudVision for the campus is really coming onto the zones. So more in June, but a very promising start.
Jayshree Ullal: Sorry, let me just correct you Paul. We said one particular cloud titan put most of the orders on hold in Q2. But we also said some of the cloud titans are doing well in Q2. And then I think one or two others are – they haven’t put their orders in hall, but are not doing as well as we'd expect them to. So if you sort of balance the pluses and minuses, out of the five cloud titans we had two doing well, two not doing well and one neutral, something like that.
Jayshree Ullal: No, we don't think it's all related to digestion. We think it's a combination of digestion and their own decisions and how to spend CapEx.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. When did they put their new data centers? When did they spend? When did they have leases and etcetera. And you know, as a generally we don't correlate exactly to a quarter, but eventually we correlate. Meaning you can see a significant shift from all the earnings calls you've seen on the cloud titans and the CapEx spend reducing from 2018 to 2019. So absorption – the completion of absorption will affect us some, but we will also – I would also like to see them spend more in 2019 and currently they're spending less, some of them.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks James. To answer the question. I didn't have all the information at my fingertips, but what we're seeing is a very healthy uptick and logos, both in the United States as well as in EMEA. So, new logos are trending well in Q1, and we expect that to continue through 2019. In terms of new verticals, we don't see a trend, but we definitely seeing strength in media, entertainment, financials, healthcare, these tend to be a top three verticals I think at the moment. And no reason we wouldn't start seeing more in education and some of the other places as well. High-tech enterprise generally is a strong vertical for us. So I think we're continuing to make our verticals horizontal, if you will. They get participating in more customers and more, mid-to-large enterprises. Anshul, you had a good statistic on how many Fortune 5000 and Global 2000 are in and, that would be a good data point.
Jayshree Ullal: I think this is a very exciting example of a joint collaboration which served Facebook well. But also serves all of our enterprise customers as well. We've turned around and seen a lot of activity with enterprise customers with this product. So, very good.
Jayshree Ullal: Hi, Jeff this is Jayshree. I think one of the biggest virtues of the cloud titans is they remove the complexity and make it elegant and simple. But having said that one of the virtues or one of the challenges they have is scale and they always need the uptime and availability. So, when you look at what they've done, they've built this tremendously flat fat Leaf Spline network except there is many tiers of Leafs and many tiers of Spline for different use cases. I don't view that as complexity. I view that as removing the complexity to address many more use cases, which Arista and especially Anshul and the team done very, very well. So when you look at Spline there is regional Spline, there's DCI, there is security options, there's different types of routing use cases. And obviously they are also at the very low end different types of Leafs including integration with Facebook or Sonic in the case of Microsoft, another area of great elegance is OpenConfig and the models we develop there. So, I would say what's happened is the diversity of our use cases has, has led to many more examples of how we can work with the cloud providers. And it's not just one design, but the word complexity doesn't come to mind. The word elegance comes to mind. And Ita if you want to add some more to that.
Jayshree Ullal: I think it's simply that we now gone from the first innings of all of this to the second or third finally. So there's many more left, but it's no more early days.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, I think you can expect that and you should have seen that already in the last year when we did, when we moved to 100 gigs with many of our cloud titans, we also moved tremendously fast to routing and those use cases with FlexRoute and the same thing is likely to happen as our customers move from just a 100 gig alone to a hybrid combination of 100 and 400. You can expect the familiarity in routing and the pickup to – and the qualification time to compress.
Jayshree Ullal: I don't know if we can get started without knowing the second half, but I think it's safe to say it's around there for now. It's as good an answer as the one we gave you in February.
Jayshree Ullal: No, I think we knew that we had, and we talked a lot about this on the last call, right. We knew that we had some products that were waiting for customer acceptance and I think that there wasn't anything particularly unusual around that and it's also kind of very similar to what we saw on Q1 last year. So I think the impact of that is pretty much as you'd expect.
Jayshree Ullal: The real big change, Eric, again, just to be completely transparent and direct was the change in demand for our products in late March and April.
Jayshree Ullal: The Mojo business model was extremely channel. As it becomes more and more part of Arista, it would become more direct, although fulfilled by the channel still. So I would say today given our Q1 is still predominantly influenced by Mojo sales itself. It's 80% through the channel. But if I had to forecast how it will look by the end of this year, it would be probably 50/50.
Jayshree Ullal: Those are two very different but important questions. In terms of the dynamics we saw, it was pretty much – we didn't see anything different. But it was just – as we indicated, it was a pause, right. It isn't like they're waiting on new products. Most of our customers are aware of our roadmap, not just for the year but often multi-year and but they still got a business to run and so they don't pause. They always mix and match the existing products with the new products. So we know how to drive that. We're very open and transparent about the products. We're also very open and transparent about the migration. So we don't believe we saw any indication of that. However, we do feel that the excitement and enthusiasm of our new products, there's only going to help us, particularly in the campus and data center in the second half of the year. In terms of software selling, we started our CloudVision demos, I want to say 2016, right. Three years into it. It’s the first time we're really seeing the excitement in our customer base. Many, many of our enterprise customers are choosing Arista because of CloudVision and EOS. As you know our products are great too, but they are just blown away by the manageability, the change control, the analytics, the automation, the macro segmentation features, the telemetry. So the software sales and not probably the software expertise in Anshul’s systems engineering team driven by Ashwin couldn't be higher. He's putting a tremendous emphasis. I think we started this about a year ago.
Jayshree Ullal: And so, I think every one of our leaders as well as our systems engineer down to the customer support engineer is, I would say, a software expert first and then obviously all of the networking attributes. It's something that's been happening gradually, but particularly gratifying to see the results of it over this quarter with CloudVision have been doubled the bookings from Q1 2018.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. So, Alex, as you know we’re very excited about our market leadership in 100-gig and we hope we will transform that into market leadership in 400-gig to our technology as well. We introduced the Broadcom Tomahawk products. And I'm going to turn it to Anshul to talk about some of the acceptance we've had there and we're not stopping. We got many more in the pipeline.
Jayshree Ullal: I think the key that Anshul and I are really trying to communicate is don't confuse 400-gig ready with 400-gig being deployed. So Arista is really focused on 400-gig ready architectures already we have now, but when they'll get deployed will be a continuing in time, it maybe this year, but much of it will be next year and the year beyond.
Jayshree Ullal: I think we will refrain from what you should expect from us. We don't want to conclude that for the second half. We want to wait, watch and see, stay tuned for more. I mean I think we were very optimistic about Q2 in cloud spend as well but it didn't quite turn out that way. So before we get optimistic on Q3 and Q4, we'd want to be more sure.
Jayshree Ullal: A 400-gig electrical only solution would be a weak solution. But Alex to answer your question, yes, I think there's a lot of promise and this is going to be a mix and match of 100 and 400-gig for a long time to come.
Jayshree Ullal: We don't debate optics. We just support all the standard form factors. Andy Bechtolsheim has been a very strong proponent of OSFP – I feel like saying PF all the time – even it’s a protocol. But there's just as many customers who want QSFP-DD, Arista will support both and does support both.
Jayshree Ullal: No, I think our used cases, including the regional spine and DCI live are alive and well, they're in cast and we are continuing to make great progress with many cloud titans there. I think we underestimated the customer who paused in Q2. And even the customer who paused in Q2, didn't intend to pause in Q2. So we found that – we've kind of found that out together. And when we did, they're letting you know.
Jayshree Ullal: And by the way, just to add to that, there has been many times they've been positively surprised by order in the last few years and didn't forecast that either. So this is one of the rare times where the forecast came in the negative direction.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, thanks John. We saved the best for last as a question I guess. I think we've always been an engineering company. We're very proud of our R&D and new products fuel our customers to enhance their networks while existing parent of products also carry the way for us in specific use cases. So I think the new products, especially in the campus will definitely help, but new products in the data center and cloud will be a continuation and a continuum of what we've always done. So I think if there's any uptick in the second half that we didn't project yet, it would come more from new products in the campus, whereas new products from the datacenter and in the cloud have already been factored in.
Ita Brennan: Yeah, I mean, we haven't disclosed those externally. We're not planning to disclose that externally. I mean, again, we're putting the facility in place, so that we have the freedom to buyback the stock when we feel it's the right time, but we haven't set any hard limits on what that will be.
Ita Brennan: Yes, I think Rod, the only thing I'd add is I think from spend perspective, from the terms of managing the business, I mean we are – obviously, we see what we see for Q2, but we are managing that cautiously as we looked to the back half of the year. Again, not because we necessarily have any clear visibility to plus or minus, we think that's just prudent. So you will see us kind of invest the sales side and drive some leverage on the R&D side, and help kind of manage earnings in EPS, until we know where we stand.
Ita Brennan: Yes. And I think what you should expect Simon as you know, will at least from the foreseeable future, we'll look to kind of leverage, drive some leverage in R&D to kind of offset that income from spending on sales and marketing. And then, we'll see as the top line – we see what happens at the top line. We can – we'll revisit that. But I think, sales and marketing go-to-market, investments are the priorities from our perspective at this point.
Ita Brennan: Yes, maybe I'll take that one first. So we did – we did finalize some tax positions around [indiscernible] and some other stuff that came out of the tax reform this quarter and that’s our reduction. So it was actually a 20% in Q1. I think structurally over time it's probably higher than that. We guided 21% for Q2, I think that's probably a good place to be until we see how it settles in. But it's come down off of, we were in a 61.5% type range, so we've come down from that. So I think 21% is probably a good place to be now.
Ita Brennan: It is really the scale, right, the scale is getting larger and larger and they have to design systems to manage that, but we do very well with these customers, so we're not worried about that.
Ita Brennan: I mean, it all comes back to customer mix from a gross margin perspective, right. I mean, you're seeing an uptick in Q2 because we are seeing less cloud activity and its waiting for enterprise and for some of the others, right. And that's going to drive a higher gross margin. And obviously that would flow through to operating margin, right. So that's – it's kind of a counterbalance to some of the top line slowness that we're seeing. In terms of spending, our goal is to continue to drive sales and marketing investments that we need to make. And then we'll leverage our – we’ll leverage engineering, right. And we've been investing in the engineering side of a really fast clip over the last – a number of years, I think we've had delivered the top line. So there is some room there for us to really to drive some leverage there and then use that to fund the sales and marketing. And I think that's the strategy, where that comes out exactly on operating margin, we'll have to see. I mean, you saw it tick up in the guide for Q2 off of the improved gross margin and then just with the focus that we're going to put on OpEx.
Ita Brennan: And I think it's important to go back and remember that we've always said we have wanted to do kind of project visibility. Order book has always been shorter, right.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. So Alex, we’re continuing to win and rear throws other cloud companies, both within the data center as well as DCI. There's really no real change there. However, one of the cloud companies are spending in Q2, but some are just not spending. And that was a very hard shift. that they made in late March as we’ve mentioned. That's all that there is to it. We still work very closely with these companies. The joint R&D is great like you saw with our co-development with Facebook. So, the previous team, there's no real shift in designs on architecture, we think very well, they are still getting all the designs that we have been willing and more. But some of these companies simply pause, absorbing their own inventory buildup up, and hence there's just not spending.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. At this time, roughly 25% of the Fortune 500 or the risk to customers, and just under 20% of the Global 2000 our risk to customers. And these statistics have been improving every quarter. We are winning in the broader enterprise as well. Not just our initial verticals.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. Absolutely. Look the RFP cycles and the contract cycles are fairly long for the service provider. So we do have lots of international activity, but the sales cycles are longer. In the U.S. the MSOs are steady state with us. So we do well over there. We do well in the Telco cloud, which is the data center part of the Telco cloud. But the rest of the Telco is what's been slow.
Anshul Sadana: Yes. I don't know that, we're going to right that out at this point, Tal I think the concentration on a single customer is probably appropriate, but I don't know that we're going to try to start breaking out the vertical inside of the vertical.
Anshul Sadana: Samik, this is Anshul, I will that one. We've often talked about joint development without Titan customers and the announcement that OCP was a perfect example of that. The world is no longer about build versus buy. The cloud companies have too many projects to do and very few people to do those. But they do want to build and buy, and they look to the right partners to do these joint developments with. And, as you saw we do have a preferred position there. Does it, one of the examples of things we work on, we do work on similar projects or other cloud customers as well. Some of those I've never talked about publicly, but we feel very good with our position there as well. So, to the earlier comment, we do very well with these companies. So this is not to avoid mean that we are loosing design like that. I think we're doing very well technology wise. It's a matter of spent, that that did not align. But you're right. it's a great opportunity for us and I think we have the best position in the overall market to capitalize on that.
Anshul Sadana: All right, thanks, Jayshree. Alex, the core developing with the Facebook was actually with Tomahawk 3 as well but the form factor Express was 100-gig. 400-gig is exciting to cloud companies, but as we've talked about in the past without a few 400-gig deployments in the cloud are not feasible for many architectures without the availability of ZR optics those will come to the market mid next year, most likely. So as a result of it the cloud companies would continue to deploy 100-gig that qualify the new products and over time there were transition. They're not waiting for this sudden migration to 400-gig either they don't needed or they need the optics before they can migrate to a 400-gig architecture.
Anshul Sadana: Alex to complete that we are ready with the products, but as I mentioned the 400-gig transition is longer than what many of you expect and we just have to go along with that rather than…
Anshul Sadana: Yes, Henry look as I said, the cloud customers’ CapEx spending does not correlate with us in a quarter-by-quarter basis. There's many things to spend money on including building data centers, find service, and so on. But in the end, in the long run, if they are adding racks and they're adding data centers across the region and their appearing, then they will need our products. So it's fairly easy for them to turn it back on as well. Simply a matter of when the rate of spend money on these projects.
