Chuck Elliott: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks' President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal second quarter 2018. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company's website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks' management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the third quarter of the 2018 fiscal year, industry innovation, our market opportunity, the benefits of recent acquisitions and the impact of litigation, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today, and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Chuck Elliott: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time constraints, I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question.
Chuck Elliott: This concludes the Arista Q2 2018 earnings call. Thank you for all the good questions and for the opportunity to highlight our financial results and corporate achievements for you. I also want to mention that we've posted a presentation which provides additional information on our fiscal results, which you can access on the Investor section of our website. We look forward to continuing conversation with you during the quarter.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, James. As you know, if you were here in May, we announced a vision and we said products would really be in second half. And as you rightly point out, a lot of the interest in the campus is directly tied to enterprise customers. Many enterprise customers have already been using us in the data center with our EOS and want to have a common Spline architecture for both their campus edge and their data center edge. So those products are rolling out in Q3. So we're in very early sampling with customers. And I don't expect material engagement with them in the second half, but I expect a lot of customer interest. And really the material impact of that will be next year. So far, it's a very promising. There is a lot of interest. There is a lot of also commonality in protocols because the work we're doing with VxLAN, EVPN, BGP protocols, plain old fashioned VLAN with MLAGs, looking back and what we did in the early years, are all applicable in the campus. And we're also working closely with HPE and their POE switches and Aruba wireless as well to make sure they work with our Spline.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, we're just starting. Manny Rivelo is driving a lot of this investment. It's part of our sales and marketing investment, in general, in expanding both to channels and putting more presence in the enterprise. I would say, every region is making a strong investment there. And we've already started that activity since May.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, James. Is James the popular name today for questions? So macro environment for cloud titan, so cloud hyperscale in general, is good and healthy. They continue to be our number one vertical both in Q1, Q2, and I anticipate that's going to be the same in second half. With the certifications, the worst of it behind us and much of the cloud spend available, it's always competitive, it's always dynamic. But I think Arista is strongly considered and continues to be considered an important partner and vendor for the cloud titan. So I have not seen any appreciable change in the competitive landscape. I think we have strong spending that we can expect from them throughout this year. And the white box is a white box. Meaning, some of them have captive implementations in their own sites and have had it even before Arista was founded. And we continue to work with them in several tiers, but nothing new there as well.
Jayshree Ullal: And you may recall, Ita shared this at Analyst day, that in the sales and marketing, we expect the enterprise in international to be higher than the averages. We expect the cloud to be lower than the averages because it's a very technology-driven support and sales model. So, obviously, they'll be moving parts on different verticals there.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Thanks, Simon. Well, I think it's safe to say Arista has really emerged in the last year as a market leader in 100-gig. When you look at all the ports we're driving and the associated ASPs, most market analysts would have us – Mark Foss was showing me some data – anywhere from 35% to 45-plus-percent in market share. So we are the number one in 100-gig and have been for the entire 2017. We haven't seen that change in 2018. I think the reasons for that are many, and Andy is absolutely correct. 100-gig ends up being that common denominator of spine aggregation of (26:31) aggregation that's just perfect for many use cases. It can be a value server aggregation, it can be storage, it can be campus, it can be security. So I guess when you say inflection point, we see a continued inflection point for the next several years, is probably the way I would see it, that is just infecting for quite a while here. And that as 400-gig comes in, in 2019 and 2020, 100-gig continues to be vibrant. So we see the two working in tandem in the later years, but currently 100-gig is very, very strong. And...
Jayshree Ullal: So depends on the vertical. But to give you a general sense, in the cloud vertical, 100-gig is extremely important. I can't think of a single cloud use case where we don't discuss, implement or deploy 100-gig in the leaf or spine. In the enterprise, it can vary. 10-gig can be very important then and they may sometimes look at 40-gig. But we're quickly starting to see the early adopters of enterprise also embrace 100-gig. But that's where it can vary a little bit. The other big thing we're seeing is, you can see quite an excitement in the cloud environment on modular 100-gig which is stronger, with particularly the large scale cloud operators base lining on a large amount of ports. So the scale of 100-gig is far greater. But at the same time, when you go into some of the Tier 1, Tier 2 service providers, we're seeing a lot of 100-gig in the data center or in the residential homes as well. So I guess the net of this is, we see that high-performance 10-gig, 25-gig, 40-gig, 100-gig is very much Arista's strong suite with a much stronger position in 100-gig itself.
Jayshree Ullal: I think we're approaching the campus, Jason, in a very steady, systematic manner similar to the way we did the data center. So we're not married to the entire campus portfolio coming from Arista. HPE is a good partner for us. So our first approach will be the Cognitive Management Plane and Spline. Our Phase 2 approach will be in wireless end points or edges that require that. And depending on how we do, we don't rule out the possibility of entering deeper in the market. But we're not making any road map suggestions or announcements here.
Jayshree Ullal: We've had a three, four-year partnership. This is a very professional partnership, and there is also a deep friendship. This partnership is well beyond the Mojo acquisition. We're working very closely in the data center and we will continue to work together in the campus as well. So they understand our strategy and we understand theirs, and we work together. And 90% of it is complementary.
Jayshree Ullal: No. Thanks, Aaron. I should have said a little bit more. We are very proud of our focus on routing. As you know, we don't need to wait for Jericho 2. Arista is already making great inroads with the FlexRoute licenses we have, and it has grown steadily quarter-over-quarter. You might know that we ended the last year reporting that we were over 200 FlexRoute licenses. And rather than reporting it quarter-over-quarter, since it's no more new, I told you guys I'll come back to you at end of the year. I fully expect we will double that. And I fully expect we will continue to see new customers like we do every quarter. The customers come in a variety of categories. They come in terms of new use cases in the cloud, to new enterprises, to, of course, Tier 1 and Tier 2 service provider. If there is an area I would challenge myself and the team to do better, it's probably service providers. They take a little longer and it certainly tested Arista's patience. I think technologically we're doing very, very well with them, but operationally it takes longer to test and deploy.
Jayshree Ullal: Steve, it's always a combination of both. As you know, majority of our cloud titan customers are not incrementally growing. They're always constructing new data centers, but they also have to go back in their existing data centers and incrementally add. So we're seeing a nice combination of both. So I wouldn't put weightage on one versus the other. Both sides are doing well.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, I think because of the 100-gig onset, the biggest change to the mix is more 100-gig in both examples. Beyond that, no big change.
Jayshree Ullal: We're saying it's a small net acquisition and the revenue is small, so whether it does or doesn't is well within the area of our guidance.
Jayshree Ullal: Paul, I've said this before. No dramatic change, same aggressive competitive situation we've always seen. So no different than last quarter.
Jayshree Ullal: Oh boy, that sounds like an ambitious goal from their current revenue. So I'll have to speak to Rick about my forecasting talents versus his. But how about we come back to you on that one after we know better on integration? That sounds like a very high number.
Jayshree Ullal: So just to reiterate what Ita said, Rod, we're feeling very good about cloud spending. We have in Q1. We definitely do in the Q2 results and the second half is looking strong. And so when you say they have some inventory I mean there is always this issue of did they order the right mix? But we don't see that as a category.....
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, okay. All right. So I would say, Rod, that speculation is probably not what we're seeing. We're seeing healthy demand. And if they had inventory, they probably wouldn't be buying more. And so, from our perspective the cloud which was kind of in a hiccup for us when you are going through certifications last Q3, Q4 is back and it's that strongly.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Jeff. If you would ask me to predict whether we have a sedate share again in 100-gig, I would have thought perhaps that would be the case. So we were pleasantly surprised to see the dramatic market share gains in 100-gig. And I would attribute that to two reasons: one, Ken and the team building excellent products; and the other our competition did not respond to 100-gig as well as we did. So now let's switch gears to your 400-gig question. My view as I said quite often is the 100-gig inflection is a multiyear infection. We're going to continue to see strength, and this is going to be in the form of higher density, in the form of additional options and form factors in the form of 200-gig option. So I don't think the onset of 400-gig in anyway changes the momentum on 100-gig. This is really important to remember and know, because this is going to be the largest market. Now, as the market leader in 100-gig, naturally Arista works with its customers. And instead of hyping and making any pre-announcements, we are making sure architecture is 400-gig capable. And we absolutely will support that and you will expect to see trials and product capabilities from us. We're usually first to market. I don't see why wouldn't be this time.
Jayshree Ullal: And you know why I say that. A lot of this is dependent on the chip vendors and making sure we get a real production-worthy product, and we're not just putting out samples that we can ramp nicely because it's not how we put unit one that matters. It's how we put unit 1,000 that also matters with the right quality, as Ken will (44:36).
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Vijay. Yeah, that is a good question and one we won't get to overnight. As you were at the Analyst Day, you probably observed, our first natural synergy in the campus will be our own customers who already know us and love us for EOS. Our second will be, as we build out our enterprise sales force, we fully expect that that will be direct customer driven and channel driven. And the third order would probably be especially a focus internationally where we already have channel presence. So this is something Manny Rivelo and Anshul are working very closely on. But it's work in progress and will take time.
Jayshree Ullal: Exactly. We're going to continue to aggressively invest in R&D. And as you all keep asking me, we also need to invest in the sales and marketing and enterprise channel. So on one hand, you expect us to do that; on the other hand, you say, gee, why isn't it higher. So if we don't execute, we'd be higher, but we want to execute.
Jayshree Ullal: We'll take this question off-line, but I'll give you a short answer to it. First of all, the Mojo product is not our first software product. We have four or five already in flight, CloudVision, our macro-segmentation security, our FlexRoute licenses, our TAP aggregation DANZ product. So we have a number of software-only options, and CloudVision is probably the best example of that. And I think the way to look at this is software has to run on something, it does run on hardware. And at any given time you look for disruptive technology, no matter which way it's packaged, software-only, software plus hardware, or in the case of a lot of optics and cables, it's hardware-only. So we haven't really formed a strategy of software-only, but we do the right thing which makes sense. And in this case, it was such a natural synergy with the cognitive campus vision we have and the cloud-managed products we have with CloudVision that this is a very nice software-based acquisition.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. Thanks, George. That's a loaded long question and I'll try to be concise. So there is no question that our primary strategy, as Ken alluded to, is the combination of our Cognitive Management Plane and our Spline. We're leading with that. That's our strength. It's a natural extension from the data center. That's where we expect to succeed first. And then, there is a diverse suite of edges. Majority of the edges will probably come from third-party, partners or even competitors. So we're not making any declaration or statement on Mojo's PoE switches or on our PoE switches. There is no stated intent at this time here. What we bought Mojo for was their WiFi, their Cognitive WiFi and the software capabilities associated with the access points. So give us a chance to integrate the acquisition and decide what we do and don't do and how we do it. But understand that the epicenter of Mojo is not the switches; it's really the WiFi.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. Let me take this question in two halves, Hendi. Is 100-gig normalizing? No. We're still seeing a lot of demand, and it's continuing to grow. Both from a total available market, I don't see much normalization. It's got multi-year growth and Arista's position, right? Now, obviously, 2017 was a real escalation year because we were literally going from nothing to everything. So the next few years, the rate of growth maybe slower, but the dollars will be very large and very healthy and very rich for Arista. So that's one. Then the second thing is, come back to the rate of growth again. The rate of growth has to do with the fact that we had two extremely exceptional quarters last year. And that is more normalized to the mid-20s, if you look more broadly, off some very large base of numbers. So we're now talking about north of $500 million a quarter. So that shouldn't be confused with the fact that we can do well and we'll continue to do well in 100-gig.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I think we'd still revert back to – over the long-term we see the model is being the 32% to 34%. And within that, we've talked about the different level of investment with sales and marketing being in the 10% range. That doesn't happen overnight, right? I mean we have to grow into it. So it is going to take time. And, obviously, it depends on what the top line is doing at the same time. But I think that's still kind of the longer-term model is that it would be 10%, plus or minus sales and marketing investment. And we think, with that, just given the different parts of the business, that can support an adequate investment from a sales and marketing perspective in the enterprise/campus part of the business.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I don't know that we're going to give the exact growth rate quarter-over-quarter, but it was healthy, right? I mean enterprise was – are in the – kind of tied for the number two slot in our verticals and it continued to grow healthily, right? When you think about the acquisition and incorporating it into the numbers, this is a software model; it's a ratable model. So particularly as you work through some of the purchase accounting, et cetera, it's going to have not a very significant impact in the numbers in Q3. So I think, for now, you can take the guidance as is and expect it not to change just because of the acquisition. I mean, going forward, obviously, it will be a contributor to our software ratable revenue stream in the future. But I think for Q3 and the guidance, you should just take the guidance as is.
Ita M. Brennan: I'd be inclined to say it's something similar, right? We will have the cost there for – it's effectively less in the quarter, right, because we – it won't be there for the whole quarter. So it will be easily absorbed into the guidance that we gave you already.
Ita M. Brennan: Yes. If you look at what we did, we grew 28% in Q2. We guided 26% of the upper end of the range. And then, we'll see what we do from there. The acquisition, like I said, it is a software model. So it will be a ratable rev rec model. So we need to work through some of that. But it's not likely to be a big driver of top line just because we'll have to do some of the purchase accounting on their deferred and then it will be ratable model from there on, right? But I think we're looking at – we think we're still consistent to our mid-20% for the back half of the year. The upper end of the guidance – the upper end of the range is a 26% growth rate, and then we'll see what we do from there. But I don't think we've seen any particular softness in the business. You would have heard my comments on deferred revenue. I think the deferred revenue is stabilized now. So the Q3 guide should not benefit from deferred – or from a decline in product deferred. It should stand on its own. So I think we're pretty happy with that as a guidance case, and then we'll go up from there.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, it's going to get incorporated sometime mid-Q3 and it's a ratable software model. So it's not going to move the needle is what we're really saying.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, I mean I think just the revenue trends, let's just take that first. I mean obviously Q1 we grew 40-plus-percent year-over-year because that was a much easier comp off of the first quarter last year, right? So I don't think anything necessarily different in seasonality that we're calling out at least at this point. So again, we're saying mid-20s for the back half of the year. Like I said, it's 26% at the upper end of the range for Q3 and we'll see where we go from there.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. So you're correct that in a quarter where we have a heavier cloud mix, you should expect that to pressure gross margin, right? Still within our 63% to 65% range, and we had guided for that, right? We did task the team to focus on gross margin and focus on cost control, et cetera, this quarter to help offset that and they did a pretty nice job of that. And, obviously, the higher service content contributed a little bit to that too, right? But as a general statement, I would stand by the 63% to 65% with cloud pressuring to lower end depending on where we're in the quarter. I think that's the way to think about it. The operating margin guide for the quarter is really the long-term model, right, which is the 32% to 34%. And we'll grow into that over time, right? It's not going to happen straightaway. But when you look at the investment thesis we laid out, that's where we think we will be in the longer-term.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. We're definitely including some expense there. But again, I would think about the 32% to 34% as a longer-term model that we're growing into. So it won't happen overnight.
Ita M. Brennan: I mean, I think that's the guide. And, obviously, we will have to absorb some costs from the acquisition, et cetera, on top of that. So we're reserving the right to spend what we need to spend to do that. So I think that's the guide, but I think we've talked about this in the past, but we will grow into those investments.
