Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Chuck. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon for our second quarter 2016 earnings call. I am pleased to report that we had another strong quarter. Our revenue exceeded consensus meaningfully, as we grew 37.4% year-over-year to $268.7 million while earnings per share grew to $0.74. New and differentiated EOS platform sealed our growth across our top verticals, and services contributed over 12% of our overall sales. From a geographic perspective, our customers in the Americas generated 75% of our total revenue, while our international theaters progressed steadily through the quarter. We delivered non-GAAP gross margins of 64.1% in a highly dynamic and competitive industry. We now have approximately 4,000 cumulative customers, and they're enthusiastic about the rate of customer adoption especially of CloudVision, with over 100 customers in less than a year from its introduction. In Q2, we unveiled the next generation of Universal Leaf, with its many roles, called the Arista 7280R Series. Unlike other fixed-function devices, the 7280R is our value-driven leaf with multiple use cases for routing, storage and digital media. When combined with our FlexRoute technology for diverse protocols, the 7280R challenges the notion of separate routers, by combining multi-purpose routing and switching functions into a small 1RU or 2RU compact form factor. With its chassis companion that we launched in March, the 7500R, we embark on our expansion into adjacent core and WAN routing markets. It also aligns closely with our growing storage ecosystem of partners including EMC, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, NetApp SolidFire, Nutanix and Pure Storage to bring reliable lots of IP storage as a compelling alternative to legacy Fiber Channel SANs. The 7280R also underscores Arista's Media and Entertainment initiative, with key partnerships such as Aperi Corporation, Imagine Communications, Lawo and Nevion, and participation in many next-generation organizations, including the AIMS Alliance, Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers, AVnu Alliance and Video Services Forum. Arista has been powering slow-motion replay video to real-time sports streaming, most recently at the 2016 European Football Championship and at the upcoming Rio Olympics. As I look back at our first half and we move into our second half, we are executing well towards our goals, our product strategy, and our dual-pronged operation strategy for world-class automated manufacturing. In light of the recent International Trade Commission decisions with the 944 Investigation, Arista has released a new EOS 4.16, which contains design rounds that we believe address the specific features that we have found to be infringing. Our major customers are actively qualifying, or have already completed certification off the EOS 4.16 release. There should be no doubt about our commitment to our customers, and to our compliance with law and ITC orders. Arista finds itself in the midst of a tornado market, with migration from legacy IT silos, to public, private, and hybrid workloads in the cloud. We are expanding our inventory and operational capacity in anticipation of demand. We are excited about our prospects and our acceptance of our software-driven cloud networking vision. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Ita for our quarterly financials and more specifics.
Jayshree Ullal: No, I think – Thanks, Alex. I think that's an excellent question and one we don't spend enough time on because we tend to think of our cloud business as just the titans. But we are indeed seeing a very nice uptick, both domestically and internationally in our web scale business of the next tier of cloud providers. And I think a lot of these cloud providers are natural experts in building scale both in their own enterprise and being able to offer hybrid cloud services. And what's interesting about that is you would have assumed that to be true in the domestic regions, but we're also seeing it internationally.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay, thanks, Stanley. Is your question you want to understand contribution of revenue by product? Is that what you're asking? Verticals. Okay. So as I said before, there are four verticals that contribute a very large percentage, which is the cloud titans, the service providers, the high tech enterprise, which also includes the web scale providers and the financials. There is no question that cloud titans are spending and contributing and they're increasing budget, while networking as a small component has an influence on us. However, the other three businesses are contributing and growing as well. And the same is true internationally. It's just that cloud titans spend and their budgets are a lot more. So we are, unlike some of the macro situations, we are seeing spend in service providers, in financials, in the cloud hosting and Internet hosting, in the high tech enterprise and some of the media entertainment verticals, in the government. All of these end customers are contributing greatly, both internationally and domestically. In dollars and numbers, the cloud titan budgets tend to be bigger.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, that's a good question. I'll answer it broadly, but I think there are more specifics you are looking for. One of the things we see particularly with the three out of the four verticals is they tend to start with a project. And the project like you pointed out will be the compute or storage or security or data monitoring. And the applications therefore can be four or five. Of course, all of them are centered on a specific data center project. So, the typical four or five are the ones I listed. The fifth one is probably a DevOps or what you'd call SDN or containerization or virtualization applications. So, the five top projects are these. They quickly, in a few months or sometimes a year, move into what I call mainstream, where they then look in to build out a whole scale of service or data center. So it depends on the stage of the customer, but they almost always start out as a project.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, absolutely, Mark. I think Arista has always been unique in its approach for go-to-market and sales, including the channel. As you know, just to step back a little, when Mark Smith was here in the last call, he highlighted the fact that we're going after three categories; cloud class, which is our top four verticals, cloud converged, which is more of a turnkey solution for enterprise, and this is really where our partners, both our channel partners and our technology partners come in, right? And then cloud scale, which tends to be the direct cloud providers. So if you zoom in on where our partners are meaningful, it's really technology partners and channel partners. And channel partners especially internationally have always been a huge element of it. So, Arista's go-to-market strategy's really three-pronged, and one prong of that is very channel-driven. And that's very much the enterprise and turnkey solutions that we have to provide both with our technology partners and our channel partners. And another prong of that is outside the domestic area we're greatly dependent on all our categories being fulfilled and driven through channels more. So hopefully our commitment to the channels is clear, but our focus on quality channels rather than just signing up a whole bunch of them is also clear.
Jayshree Ullal: So I'll take the second question first and then Ita can clarify the gross margin again. When we look at second half seasonality both last year and this year, we see a similar pattern, which is some of the cloud guys, their year ends in Q2, and so they have seasonality in Q3 and then they pick up in Q4, right? So, I don't think you'll see a big change in seasonality second half of last year to second half of this year. The trends will be the same. The numbers may be different because it depends on the level of commitment and investment. And from where we're sitting, almost every one of the major cloud providers in terms of numbers is looking to spend at or higher from last year to this year. So, seasonality patterns aren't varying, but their numbers themselves may vary.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Vijay. And yes, you're always right on some of these technology and trends, and you're absolutely right. We see that the standalone router market is migrating more and more to switching and routing, on merchant silicon, with a really good software stack, and Arista is sitting in the middle of all of those trends. As I said in my prior call, we're very enthusiastic about both the 7500R Series, and the new companion we just announced in June, the 7280R, which is the fixed home factor, or the value lease, as we call it. Both these products are in trials, and they're being received well on the routing side. And they're being received very well on the switching side. On the common theme, I would see, we see in both cases is the need to adopt 100-Gig spines, and the value that's bringing in, because while it's easy to look at 100-Gig spines as a performance metric, it really is a flexible port speed where you can have 10 10s, four 25s, two 50s, 2.5 40s. So customers are really adopting that as their strategic spine, both for routing and switching. And that's very much favoring the trend that we're seeing. In terms of material effect, as I've often said to all of you, we'll be in a lot of trials and a lot of customer acceptance in the second half of this year. We think the real material effect is 2017.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, that's loaded part a, b, c, Ryan. You're very creative, but thank you. I think the lead times on our products are higher than the standard leads that I would like to see, and a lot of it has to do with the fact that, guys, we just introduced a tremendous amount of new product. So, the number one reason is, some of our suppliers are not able to meet the demand that we have put in front of them, and their lead times reflect our lead times. Our lead times are usually, as you know, in the four weeks to 10 weeks' time, depending on the type of product. But our suppliers' lead times can be as much as 22 weeks. So we've had to plan, we've had to forecast, we've had to budget, we've had to do inventory management, so it has been a non-trivial challenge, and particularly as we've had to do this across multiple manufacturing entities, that's added another layer of forecasting to this. So, I would just go on record saying we could do better, and we need to improve our lead times and our on-time shipments. This is an area of focus for us. And I think everything else after that is really tied to that. Our lead times are affected, and our product availability is affected by the component lead times, but also some of the planning we've had to do across multiple contract manufacturers in multiple locations.
Jayshree Ullal: We're seeing purchasing tied to demand. We're not seeing any different or unusual behavior, besides the normal demand-related purchase. And I think what we've said, Ryan, is we'll call that out clearly if we do see that at some point. But for now, (30:31).
Jayshree Ullal: I'll take the second question first and then I'll let Marc Taxay, our Senior Vice President and General Counsel to comment on the customs process. I think in terms of cost reductions there are always many components to that, both in new product and in more mature products at high volume. Arista is aggressively taking out costs. But we're also aggressively bringing volume-driven pricing. So I think the two kind of balance each other, whether it's new product or not. And it has less to do with U.S. manufacturing. It's just got to do with being competitive. The things that can contribute to higher margin is if we start to increase the software content, things like CloudVision and FlexRoute, and software licenses could become greater components and are relatively small components now. And also if the mix of our product changes to more spine and less leaf or more software-driven leaf, that could also help. So I think product mix can have – and customer types can have a greater contribution than purely U.S.-driven optimizations, to answer your question.
Jayshree Ullal: We added some and it's a strong function of getting the inventory we want. We don't want to add the wrong inventory. We did make progress during Q2 and we need to make more progress in Q3 and Q4.
Jayshree Ullal: I think that's a really important point. We get caught up on product infringement, but remember the ITC found us to infringe two features out of thousands of features we have. So, with the U.S., 4.16 that we've been diligently working on building a non-infringed product for two features, which is 0.2%. We've really designed an ultimate product, and therefore we can build non-infringed product worldwide.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, they are, Alex. But we feel pretty good that over Q2, Q3 and Q4, we can address the lead time and component availability issue.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, no, I think we will improve more in Q4 than we will in Q3. We might see some improvements in the tail end of Q3, but I think we're more likely to see it in the second half of the second half if you will.
Jayshree Ullal: No, twice. No, kidding aside, I think I've always said this, Steve, and I'll reiterate that our competitive landscape has always been extremely strong and dynamic. Because it's in such high fury and pace all the time, it's difficult to note any specific change because it's always a constant competitive battle.
Jayshree Ullal: I think the important thing to remember about Arista is we're still very much in investment mode and we're very much in growth mode, right? So optimizing earnings per share perfectly is a non-go, but obviously we're doing very well in earnings per share growth, so we'll continue to deliver to our shareholders. But if we see investments, we're going to aggressively invest there. And you can see our R&D is still upticking. And we want to be able to do that because we never want to be at a point where we tell our customers, sorry, we're not going to invest in you, because we need to hold on to a certain earnings per share number.
Jayshree Ullal: That's a very good question, Jeff. And I think it's deeper than I might answer entirely in this call. I mean one of the things that hasn't been sufficiently appreciated when Arista is with these large cloud titans, is not only do we have a great product, but the level of effort we put into system upgrades, high availability, quality, automation, provisioning, programmability, what many of us call SDN, telemetry, and tools has been what we've been doing not just for one quarter or two quarters but for several years here. Our customers have their own in-house developed tools, but working with them has been a very strong part of our initiatives. And having that control for them is very, very important. So while it may be our product, we'll often work together jointly like it's their technology as well and make sure that their turnkey automation tools and ours can work together. So there's been a number of engagements that are not specific products on our side, but specific aspects of our EOS that work better with them. Now, I've alluded to some of those examples, but we continue to see that as an important differentiator in our partnership with these cloud providers.
Jayshree Ullal: A good example would be to look at a simple function like Network Rollback. Today, the way you'd do that is you would literally go switch by switch, port by port and issue a command to each one. And you're basically polling and checking the health of every device. By virtue of what we're doing with them, they can automate that process across their entire 100,000 servers or switches. They do some of it and we do some of it. CloudVision is our enterprise turnkey version, but we implement CloudVision-like features with them often with their DevOps tools. So that's a tremendous efficiency in the number of people they need to manage their network, which is a lot fewer.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. As you know, our primary market is data center switching. This is a $10 billion TAM. We're now this quarter approaching our first $1 billion dollar run-rate and we still see a lot of room in data center switching. So I want to be clear that while we're very enthusiastic on routing that our job is far from done in switching. But routing and switching are coming together. We don't see that they're distinctly different markets in the data center and the core router in the data center is really lacking in dynamic functionality, poor density, programmability pricing, you name it. As I said before, the first customers are likely to be our existing customers and we are already starting to see trials and traction with them. But we're also seeing trials and traction with new service providers, Tier 2 service providers and some of the enterprise customers as well who have traditionally used core routers because we're really providing a destructive price, performance and functionality. So if you ask me how I define success in this, as I've said before, I think 2016 is the year of trials and 2017, 2018 are the year of revenue. I would like to see several tens of customers, maybe even 100 customers this year adopt the R Series and that would be a measure of success.
Jayshree Ullal: Nice. Pretty good, but we didn't answer that question, so no apology needed. Linearity was good through the quarter.
Jayshree Ullal: Our cloud titan contribution in dollars, I won't comment on growth rate till the end of the year, was definitely greater than the other three verticals.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Simona. No particular change. Existing customers certainly drive our contribution, and new customers tend to start out small, so they're always, in dollars, smaller contributors. But no major change.
Jayshree Ullal: I don't think I have seen any specific tie to the ITC ruling on new customer acquisition, but I think because our data center purchases tend to be large, we are favoring not just acquiring new customers, but acquiring million dollar customers. So our metric is not just new customers, but big customers.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, George. It's a good question. I think our strategy is definitely ahead of its execution, if that's your question. We have always been prepared to sell software standalone models. But it takes preparation, not just from us, but also from the customer. So I would say, even though we were ready last year, and we've been discussing it a lot this year, we expect to see more execution of it in second half of 2016 and 2017, because there's been a level of preparation required by a customer. But we don't expect – we have 4,000 customers. We would be very surprised if we saw more than single-digit interest in customers. But they'll be important names.
Ita M. Brennan: Yes, and then I think in terms of thinking about our plans as we move through the rest of the year, we've been pretty consistent in saying that we've taken some steps from the supply chain and inventory perspective to give us some flexibility as we work through getting customs approval on the design-arounds, right, and I think that's still the strategy. I think well you have seen us grow the inventory significantly. We'll continue to do that in Q3. All of that's taken to give us that flexibility and we're obviously working very hard to get customs approval in a timely manner and that's obviously a big part of the strategy. But we have taken those other steps as well.
Ita M. Brennan: No, I think it's a process, but obviously there's been some communication back and forth, but it's an ongoing process and we'll have to wait and see when they're done with their efforts.
Ita M. Brennan: Yes, I think there are a number of different drivers there, obviously. We've set the range of 60% to 65%, thinking about 60% as a world where we're heavily dependent on the U.S. manufacturing plants plus supply chain. And then 65% obviously being where there's no impact from any of these effects, right? I think in Q3, we're pretty much in a normal situation using offshore supplies. I think as we move into Q4, we'll see more products from the manufacturing plants than we'll sell in that quarter, but we're probably still leveraging an overseas supply chain, right? So that will be somewhat of a muted impact, but there will be some impact. Beyond that, honestly, it depends on what happens with the customs approval, what's the timing of that, where do we source components and finished goods as we move through Q1. I think the best way to think about it beyond that is if we're heavily dependent, we're at the lower end of that range. If we're not, then we're somewhere in the middle to the upper end of that range.
Ita M. Brennan: And then just to go back to the gross margin discussion again. I mean, I think the best way to think about this is that as you think about how we were transitioning through time, clearly, we are awaiting customs approval – we'll be awaiting customs approval in that timeframe. We'll be leveraging our U.S. manufacturing and our inventories that we've built up, right? Once we have approval, we'll have access to offshore manufacturing and components again, and then there will be the second case at some point in the future. So you should expect that we're going to navigate through this. There'll be some volatility, but at the end of the day, nothing has changed in the overall cost structure of the product other than what we have talked about, or in the competitive environment, right? So, I think about it as being temporary, and something that is going to be somewhat volatile as we go through the next number of quarters, right? And I've tried to bind it with the 60% to 65%, saying if we ended up being totally dependent on the U.S., we would be at the lower end. If we were in some hybrid model, which is where we probably will be for a lot of the time, we'd be somewhere in the middle of that range. And I can't give much more precision to that right now, because it's dependent on the timing of some of the legal decisions and so on.
Ita M. Brennan: Yes, I think what I said in my remarks was that we'd expect to grow the inventory balance at the end of Q2 by about another $100 million by the end of Q3, right? So there is still a significant amount of inventory that we will add over the coming month, two months, right? So, I think that...
Ita M. Brennan: Right. And I think that's pretty much committed from a supply perspective as we look into Q3. So you should see a bigger uptick in Q3.
Ita M. Brennan: I think the way to think about this is the manufacturing in and of itself is not a big overhang from a cost perspective. It's really more at the supply chain. So we'll maintain obviously a volume there that keeps that entity (35:27) it's the supply chain that we'll dial up and down.
Ita M. Brennan: Yes, I think, Alex, it's really hard to speculate on exactly what's going to happen here. I mean, we've put a lot of thought and effort into multiple different strategies depending on what the outcomes are, right? Some of those are inventory-related, some of those are other plans, right? But we've been making plans for contingencies. I'm not going to guarantee you anything right here, but we've been very cognizant of the various outcomes, and we've made plans for those. Marc, I don't know, if you want to add anything to that.
Ita M. Brennan: Yes, I'm not going to try to go out five quarters at this point, Mitch, honestly, right? I think we've talked about an overall business model in the past, and I'd refer you back to that. And I think we're not going to try to go out that far at this point.
