Chuck Elliott: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks' President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2017. If you'd like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company's website.  During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the first quarter of the 2018 fiscal year. Industry innovations, our market opportunity and the impact of litigation, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward statements apply as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Chuck Elliott: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time constraints, I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question.
Chuck Elliott: This concludes the Arista Q4 2017 earnings call. I also want to mention that we've posted a presentation which provides additional information on our fiscal results, which you can access on the investor section of our website. Thank you to everyone for joining us today.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Mark. I did try to say this in my script. We had an unusual bump in Enterprise for Q4. But just to go back on 2017, our number one vertical was cloud titans, and our number two vertical was tied between Enterprise, service provider and cloud specialty providers, and number three was financials. I pretty much expect the same mix in 2018. I can't exactly tell between two, three and four, how they’ll go. They may be different in each quarter, but I fully expect cloud titans to be our number one vertical in 2018. So the mix will remain quite similar.  And in terms of routing, routing is really a horizontal across all our verticals. This is a transition as you know that has been going on for two years. I would say there are two forms of routing. There’s the heavy duty Flex Routing, which is largely for service providers, for Internet peering use cases. And there's more the layer 2, layer 3 switching, which frankly majority of our customers use. So routing is quickly becoming an option across our entire customer base. But in terms of heavy duty FlexRoute, what we've now seen is we've been steadily increasing our customer base. We’re well over 200 customers in 2017, and I expect it to continue to be somewhere in the 15% to 20% of our new customer acquisitions.
Jayshree Ullal: So switching gears to AI workloads, as you know, Andy Bechtolsheim spoke about this at the technology conference. And we see this as a huge long term driver. It’s still too early to talk about use cases in our cloud titans. Most of them are in experimental stage, but we are working very closely with storage vendors and NVidia and the network is clearly going to require more and more bandwidth. So 00 gigabit Ethernet workloads and in the future 400, will become an important requirement for the vast amount of data crunching and analytics required on AI workloads. 
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. So first of all, I think like some of my competitors have noted, there’s a routing transition and an architectural shift going on. I just want to be clear, it's been going on for three years, not one quarter. So legacy and core routers have been migrating to the spine for quite some time, and the Arista 7500R and 7280R has really become the gold standard for universal Leaf and Spine, both switching and routing. When you need that kind of cloud grade routing and performance, a large number of customers just love to go with that, both not just for the performance, but the unmatched availability and programmability.  In terms of products that are in the market, there's a lot of routers in the market. Arista is not a rather company. What we're really doing is moving to more and more use cases for routing and really peering use cases, peering across the Internet, across content, across the cloud. And the reality is, our Leaf Spine architecture has given us a real natural entry into that use case, because people have tested and qualified us so that they don't have to have a separate box or a separate functions. So I think the 7500R and 7280R really stand out for being not just great routing, but great switching. And as I said before, they’re occupying multiple positions and places in the cloud for that. So there's not a like for like comparison. We think it’s truly unique and differentiated and that's reflected in why we've been so well accepted this last year. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, that's exactly correct. Those that we were testing in September, closed in Q4. The ones we couldn't finish were the more complex cases that we were not testing in September. 
Jayshree Ullal: The completion of the testing will absolutely be in Q1. The business may be Q1 or Q2 or Q3 or Q4. We can't say exactly. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. No. I want to give a big shout out to Anshul Sadana, my entire Microsoft engineering team and REs in Seattle. We didn't expect Microsoft spending to be so strong. And although we are still in the early to mid-innings with many of our cloud titans, we really attribute this to two things. One is the success of Microsoft itself and their expansion in Azure. And the second is Arista’s expansion into a number of use cases. So we find ourselves going into a number of tiers ranging all the way from the Sonic tier, which is their layer zero tier to doing our tiers, one, two, three, four, five. So I think the use cases grew for Arista and grew for Microsoft as well. So it was a win-win.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, since I guessed poorly last year, I'm going to refrain from guessing. But I think they'll still be a 10% concentration customer. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Actually, why don’t I let Ita answer the tax rate question while I rummage through some stuff for you, Alex.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. So looking at the Enterprise sector, we just had a very strong sector, just like we did in Q3. Another lots of new customer - and it was almost neck to neck with Q3, record number of million dollar customers in both Q3 and Q4. CloudVision is becoming a very important piece of the Enterprise customer purchase. So as you know, this has been something we launched in 2016, but we are now well over 200. In fact our customer count exceeds 250 cumulatively. So I'm going to challenge the team to double that in 2018. And I think a large contribution to that is our Enterprise customers. In terms of international and domestic mix, Mark Foss is helping me here. International is higher. So I would say it's like a 60/40 split in the Enterprise, approximately. And that speaks to also the way our improved stats on international overall from 2016 to ’17. Enterprise is clearly contributing there.
Jayshree Ullal: I think I - I don't have the answers, Alex, but probably asking too much as always, but no problem. Thanks for trying. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. And on 400 gig, I'll just step back and give you a little bit more of a tutorial. We saw that 10 gig had a very long tail for almost 10 years, and then many vendors jumped into 40 gig as did Arista. But 100 gig we believe first of all, has an extremely long tail, unlike 40 gig. So we think the relevant bandwidth points is really going to be 100 gig for a very long time, with the option to do 10 gig, 25 gigs or 50 gig on the service of storage IO connections. 400 gig is going to be very important in certain use cases, and you can expect Arista is working very hard at it. And we'll be as always first or early to market. The mainstream 400 gig market is going to take multiple years. I believe initial trials will be in 2019, but the mainstream market will be even later. And just because 400 gig comes by the way doesn't mean 100 gig goes away. They’re really going to be in tandem. The more we do a 400 gig, the more we will also do 100 gigs. So they’re really together. It's not either or. 
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. So I want to be very clear on that. But it did take longer and it was really as we’re going into some mission critical production sites in these complex use cases that the cloud operators and the cloud titans especially had extra testing in. so I would say, let’s - roughly in terms of percentage, 20% of the use cases were complex and moved out.
Jayshree Ullal: We have seen no appreciable change in competitive landscape in our cloud titan or cloud customers. So the answer to all your questions is really in one nutshell, no. we haven’t seen any change.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I think that’s a really good question. So clearly - first of all, I’ve made this point before and I’d really like to make it again. I know it's easy to put a one to one correlation between the cloud CapEx and the Arista spend. I think it's important not to look at it so precisely because the cloud CapEx has a lot of components to it and the networking is a very small piece. And the second point I want to make is our visibility with our cloud customers, although getting better, is still much stronger for one to two quarters and nothing beyond that. So even though the cloud cap expense for 2018 may be great, we have much more visibility to what might happen in one of two quarters, not the rest - not the whole year. So I think it's really important to understand that. Now, the one thing I will say is, one of the things we noticed as a trend in 2017 that we think will continue in 2018 with all the cloud titans, is since they began a lot of their expansion early in the US, a lot of the later expansion will be in international sites. So we expect at least a 50-50, maybe even a higher contribution from international with our cloud titan/
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Simon. So as you know, our first quarter is usually our toughest quarter. It’s seasonally slow and our guidance reflects that. It doesn't cooperate cloud titans like it always does. But nothing unusual in that guidance. It's normal and we think any completion of certifications will not have an immediate impact on Q1, but will have a more gradual impact over the rest of the year. In terms of campus, I think one of the phenomenas I'm seeing is, and I tried to say this in my opening script, that the well-defined boxes and places in the network where you have a campus box, a data center box, a branch box, a core box, is really changing. And what our customers are really pushing us to do is look at campus as an extension of the cloud, or look at new drivers in the campus. And so while we have no intentions of participating at this time in any kind of traditional campus markets, we have every intention of disrupting the traditional campus market as currently defined.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I think I definitely look at the numbers for the year as a better way of looking at it. So if you look at it, we've got - we were at 27% international, which is up from our kind of typical 25% historically. I think that's a better way to think about it than some of the wings on the last couple of quarters, right. So I think we're seeing some good steady progress internationally. That business is growing well, like what I would call the in-region business, even if we carve out some of the cloud titan effects that we just talked about, right? The in-region business is growing well and it's still relatively small so you can see it be lumpy between APAC and Europe. But both are actually, if you look at it over time, growing at a faster rate than the US.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. I think in international, we are doing very well in several countries. And in general, I would tell you we're acquiring customers faster internationally than we are in the US. I think 60% of our customer acquisition in 2017 was international. So the projects are many and the size of deal is smaller, just to put it bluntly, right? In terms of service providers, switching gears though, those are not small deals by any means and we view service providers in the midst of a transformation where their traditional traffic engineering is going to start looking more and more like cloud networks and resemble what we're doing with Ethernet and IP and Leaf and Spine.  But these Leaf Spine cloud architectures are now permeating the service providers. We’re starting to see some big RFPs and we've experienced some wins in 2017. I think 2018 will be an important year. Ken Kiser, Jonathan and the entire team, is really working hard on this worldwide with Manny. And what we really see is that deterministic performance we’re getting out of Lease Spine is going to transform the SP networks for many of the peering use cases. And this is a tremendous layer 2 and layer 3 opportunity for us. So we expect to see service provider contribute better in 2018 than 2017.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I mean I think now that kind of the deferred balance, the product deferred balance is back in line with what we've seen historically and it’s pretty much consistent with where we were at this time last year. We’re not going to try to honestly guide the movements in the product deferred going forward. We’ve kind of worked through the acceptances, et cetera, that we had with the - associated with the R theories that have caused it to move around so much. But I think we’re through that now and it’s just back to a normal kind of deferred level. So I'm not sure that we're going to fork out that as we go forward.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I mean I think pretty much in line with what we were expecting coming in. a lot of it - a lot of what’s left in the deferred revenue balance at this stage, a portion of that is going to be 945 qualification related, and then some other stuff. But kind of the concentration of R Series new product type stuff that was there during the year, that’s definitely been processed at this point. 
Jayshree Ullal: James, welcome to your first Arista call. No, we don't see anything major. We’ve done a good job of planning and forecasting our inventory and from a supply chain perspective, there's been a lot of work that's gone on. With our top customers, we have a great deal of intimacy on the forecast and they let us know even before they book orders sometimes what kind of demand they expect. Of course it can change dramatically. But we feel good about the projects ahead and the opportunity ahead, and we're putting all the right plans in place for it. 
Jayshree Ullal: So the layer one optics decisions aren't always made in conjunction with Arista’s switching and routing. Sometimes they’re together and sometimes they're entirely separate, like data center interconnect decisions. So you won't see a one to one correlation. That’s - secondly, sometimes you’ll only see a one to one correlation in our applications because they may already have acquired the optics from another vendor, or they may have failed. So that's one area where you really can’t correlate a lot between the routers and the accessories.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I mean, Jeff, I think if you look at the comparables for last year, I mean we really saw the spike in growth kind of the 50% plus kind of growth rate happened in the middle of the year, right? So I think Q1 is starting off at a slightly different base, right? And again this is our outlook as we sit here today. We haven't kind of looked at all of the information that we have. We feel good about that. It’s a good, solid outlook for next year and then we’ll see where we go from there. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I mean it's really hard to plan out the linearity a year out, right? I think - let me go back to - if you asked Ita and me whether we'd have 50% growth increases in 2017, we certainly didn't forecast it. It came upon us suddenly because the cloud titans suddenly had a use case and application. So when we look at the overall year and when we look at how to plan the year, just like we did in 2017, we think a growth rate in the 20s to 30s with an average of 25% is a very, very good growth rate. It’s not cautious. It’s realistic, and if something really good happens beyond that, that's great. Or something really bad happens, we'll let you know. Hope is not a strategy. This is our best effort at predicting what that growth would be. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I mean I think at this stage, Hendi, we're still in the mode of growing and investing in the business. So I think we look at that as something that will continue to generate and use for the business. Beyond that, we're not opposed to looking at some capital allocation stuff later on just philosophically. But it’s too early, right? We’re still - we’re sort of relatively early stage, high growth company. So we think about that as cash that we’ll hold for the business in the near term.
Jayshree Ullal: And I think you're going to continue to invest where we've always been strong in execution, which is our R&D and our go to market and systems engineers and sales and marketing. So we’ll certainly put it to good use. And you saw us spending a lot more than you probably forecasted in Q4. 
Jayshree Ullal: I mean there's probably two factors, right? One is we're closing out on features, et cetera, that we needed to deliver and on acceptances that we had in contract. The R Series is over a year and in the market now. So we’re seeing a lot of those close out. So we’re not generating as much deferred revenue because of that. I think secondly, we were still qualifying some of these designer rounds in the fourth quarter and that did affect the linearity of invoicing and stuff. I think the underlying business is solid. It’s more the timing of shipments billing and how it’s long to the deferred. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. No. I think it's more the deferred - product deferred revenue was never a topic of conversation prior to 2017. It was very much a factor of the new product features and new customers that we were engaging with in ’17. Actually, under the new accounting rules, under 606, even a similar transition to that would not drive the same amount of deferred revenue going forward in the future. That guidance is very much geared towards an earlier recognition of revenue. So I think as we go forward, deferred revenue will be much less of a topic from a product perspective, and hence you’ll see the services deferred revenue continue to grow.
