Kelyn Brannon: Thank you, Marc, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I walk through our financial results and guidance, I'd like to note that, except for revenue numbers that are GAAP, our financial numbers are non-GAAP unless stated otherwise. A reconciliation of selected GAAP to non-GAAP results is provided in our earnings release. We reported record revenue of $173.5 million in the fourth quarter, a 12% increase from Q3 2014. Gross margins for Q4 was 67.4% up from 65.2% in the prior quarter and down slightly from 67.6% the year-ago quarter. The sequential increase was primarily caused by a reduction in inventory overhead costs and favorable customer mix. Our gross margin will continue to fluctuate up and down from quarter-to-quarter due primarily to customer mix, seasonality of our business and product mix. We expect our gross margins to average in the low to mid-60% range in the long-term, but will fluctuate above and below this range on a quarterly basis. Turning to operating expenses. R&D spending for Q4 was $39.7 million, increasing sequentially from $31.9 million in the prior quarter and an increase from $29.3 million in the year-ago quarter. The sequential and year-over-year increases reflect headcount additions and higher bonus expenses, in addition to increase development activity for new products. Sales and marketing spending for Q4 was $23.1 million, increasing sequentially from $18.6 million in the prior quarter and an increase from $16.3 million in the year-ago quarter. The sequential and year-over-year increase reflects additional sales and sales engineer headcount, higher bonuses and commissions attributable to our strong revenue growth and an increased marketing activity to support our customer base. G&A spending for Q4 was $7.2 million, decreasing sequentially from $9 million in the prior quarter and an increase from $5.7 million in the year-ago quarter. In Q3, we recorded an additional corporate bonus to G&A that was subsequently allocated in Q4 across other departments, which largely caused the sequential quarter decline. Operating income for the fourth quarter of 2014 was $47.1 million, increasing sequentially from $42 million in the prior quarter and an increase of $26.3 million in the corresponding period in 2013. Our effective tax rate for Q4 was 19.1% triggered by the enactment of 2014 R&D tax credit during Q4 and tax structure reorganization efforts. Net income for Q4 was $37.3 million or $0.53 per diluted share compared with a net income of $17.5 million or fully diluted earnings of $0.27 per share in Q4 2013. We doubled our net income to $105.5 million or fully diluted earnings of $1.54 per share compared to net income of $52.6 million or fully diluted earnings of $0.84 per share. Turning to the balance sheet. We had cash, cash equivalents and investments of $449.4 million at the end of Q4. Cash flow from operations and free cash flow for 2014 was $114.5 million and $101.4 million, respectively. Capital expenditures in 2014 totaled $13.1 million and were primarily related to purchases of development, testing and manufacturing equipment. Accounts receivable was $97 million, an increase from the prior quarter of $84.1 million. DSOs remained steady at 51 in Q4. Current and noncurrent deferred revenue was $106.5 million, an increase of $28.8 million over the prior quarter and primarily resulted from new service agreements and renewals. Inventory was $80.5 million up from $62.6 million in the prior quarter, yielding terms of nearly 3. The increase primarily resulted from increased volumes to support our revenue growth. Let me now move to our guidance. I'd like to emphasize that although our rapid revenue growth has minimized the impact of seasonal factors, Q1 has historically been a seasonally weak quarter followed by stronger sequential revenue growth in Q2 through Q4. We expect this trend to continue in 2015. And as a result, for the first quarter of 2015, we expect our revenue to remain flat from Q4 and have set a target of $164 million to $172 million, which represents 40% to 47% growth year-over-year. Gross margin is anticipated to be in the 63% to 66% range based on forecasted customer mix and seasonality and we anticipate operating margins in the range of 22% to 25%. Starting in Q1 '15 and subsequent quarters, the above guidance excludes legal costs related to the OptumSoft and Cisco litigation, which has been removed from our non-GAAP results. We anticipate that these costs will range between $5 million to $7 million for Q1 '15. Non-GAAP effective tax rate is forecasted to be in the 30% to 32% range. We estimate DSO will be in the low 50s and inventory turns remaining around 3 per year  And as a reminder, Arista will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Jayshree 
Kelyn Brannon: No, I would agree with Jayshree. It is still a learning experience, and so we feel very comfortable with the guidance of 63% to 66% for Q1. 
Kelyn Brannon: So I'll just quickly take the gross margin question. Absolutely, if you think about the higher gross margin, it's to -- it was customer mix this particular quarter in Q4. Additionally, Q3 kind of -- we had some additional overhead costs that got absorbed, but didn't get replicated in Q4, which benefited the gross margin but, primarily, it's around customer mix. And as we look forward into Q1 with the guidance of 63% to 66%, as that play around our volume customers and how they come in [indiscernible] of the quarter, so we feel comfortable with that. 
Kelyn Brannon: So as far as looking at the legal expense, we decided that, starting off in Q1 of 2015 to be relatively transparent, go ahead and pull it out of the pro formas, but disclose what it is. As Marc took you through the ITC case and then what's going on in the Northern Court of California and the case is in the timeline of those, you can imagine that the expense is going to be loaded relatively throughout that period and it's just -- it really depends. So what I'm going to do is that on each quarter as we do the earnings call, I'll give you the range of what the legal expenses could be for the next quarter. 
Kelyn Brannon: Right. So assuming a very similar kind of international to U.S. split, which is around that 80% to 20%, 20% internationally along with no R&D tax credit, that guidance of 30% to 32% holds. 
Kelyn Brannon: Absolutely not. We -- as I think about our currency balance, although we -- and our subsidiaries, we have pretty much natural hedges in place. And so we only have the 1 quarter back in Q3 with the euro that had a little bit of an impact, but not really. But it's not -- I'm not seeing an impact from an OpEx perspective, and we're not seeing an impact as we think about our top line growth over there. So no, we're not exposed. 
Kelyn Brannon: As I think about it, we have in our annual operating plans all the -- we believe we captured all the costs that's going to take to get SOX-compliant, get the 404 opinion from our auditors, Ernst & Young. But as we kind of give the guidance out, there is a flurry of activity here and there, and then it slacks off as you are back into testing. And so I think what we would -- what I would ask you to do is wait for the guidance on the next quarter because there could be a little bit of lumpiness there, but everything is planned for. 
Kelyn Brannon: Well, I mean, I would tell you that if you think about -- and it's certainly my area, G&A, we're relatively a fixed -- we're relatively fixed with headcount and what we're spending with kind of consultants and getting through SOX, and also investing in our ERP system. So if we do see significant growth on the top line, you'll see -- from a G&A perspective, of course, you will see leverage. Having said that, you'll also see us use the opportunity to continue to invest in R&D both in headcount, and as we think about development activities around new products and new silicon coming in and also in our sales and marketing organization. So if you think about on the bottom line, we feel comfortable for Q1 at that 22% to 25% and, of course, G&A later on if revenue grows, will get leveraged, right, and you would see, as a percent of revenue, improvement there. But we could use those investments in R&D and sales and marketing. 
Kelyn Brannon: So as far as legal, there was no legal expense pulled out of Q4 whatsoever. As you know, Cisco, sued us in early December and so no real meaningful legal expense related to Cisco. And OptumSoft litigation, that's consistently been put into the numbers throughout 2014 since that lawsuit occurred in April. And so now, there's nothing pulled out there. And then as far as the OpEx, flattish to slightly up Q4 to Q1, we feel good about the investments that we're making there and we're continuing to hire and we have our marketing programs in place and we have spending there for what we need for any type of prototypes with new products coming on, so we feel good about the number. 
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Kelyn, and thank you, Marc. In summary, we've had a momentous 2014 with many memorable metrics. We have done this as a team with dedicated focus: focus on pioneering innovation, focus on customer dedication and focus on Arista's results with the right values. It's a cocktail of doing the genuinely right thing that we call in Arista, the Arista way. It means we thrive on fair competition and we welcome that. Our customers though, do not come to us for old school legacy systems or copied code. They seek open innovation. They are embracing Arista for our disruptive programming software model to transition to the new cloud initiatives. So let me be clear. The lawsuit has not impacted our business. In fact, I am energized by our unwavering customer acceptance and the momentum ahead. 
Jayshree Ullal: Right. Thank you, Mark. I think when you have such a large total available market opportunity, as you know, the market for 10, 40 and 100 gigabit is $6.9 billion in 2014, according to Dell'Oro/Crehan Research, going to $13 billion in 5 years, it is very possible for Arista to gain market share with sheer execution. And that's what you're seeing here. With a disruptive product, with a software that no one else has, and the customers really wanting to move to SDN and cloud, we're gaining share on our own merits, is the number one. We don't have to take share from anyone. We're gaining on our own merits, is the strong message I'd leave you with. We do believe large dominant players are likely to lose share and are losing share but, independent of that, Arista's execution and market share gains are based on Arista. In terms of white box, I think it's important to understand that whether it's white box, blue box, SDN, Merchant Silicon, whatever you want to call it, this market is still very small. It's a $259 million market estimated by Dell'Oro in 2014. So it's -- again, it's another form factor. Once the market gets big enough for Arista, we'll consider participating in it when we have customers who want it. Arista is not participating in the blade switch market, which is a form factor we're not in. Arista is not participating in the virtual switch market which, again, is a form factor we're not in. But when we see a meaningful market and we see our customers wanting for us to be in that, then absolutely -- to date, that $250 million is largely a captive market in engineering-driven companies. 
Jayshree Ullal: I think absolutely. We've seen that real change in 2014 where much like the service providers where Juniper became the alternative service provider, Arista is clearly being viewed as the alternative innovator in data center and cloud. 
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Thanks, Simona. The first question, we saw very good balance across our 4 verticals which, as you know, are high-tech enterprise, financials, service providers and tier 2 providers and the cloud titans. And in fact, I would especially call your attention to the fact that we feel good that we're entering the mainstream enterprise adoption, but all 4 verticals did well for us in Q4. In terms of the lawsuit, initially we had customers coming to me that they understand that this is because of our success. Literally, quotes from different folks like, "If they can't innovate, they litigate." So no question that they want us to continue to innovate and indemnify their contracts but, frankly, the investors are more worried about it than our customers. 
Jayshree Ullal: Tal, those are both very good questions. In terms of pricing, we have seen a consistent aggression from our competition on prices. And generally, there are 2 or 3 aspects to our price. First of all, there's the CapEx price where sometimes our competitors will often bundle it and give it for 0, right? It's hard to compete against 0. But I think customers have recognized that their total price is really the operations costs and the total cost of ownership, what the OpEx price is. And over there, Arista does particularly well. So even if CapEx is about the same or we're lower or we're higher, people are valuing the programmability and order provisioning and tuning in a significant way that we're not manual and that it doesn't require large amounts of staff and that we can provide that cloud-like experience that they're looking for in all their applications and storage as well is really playing. And Arista EOS is a key hallmark to differentiate us from a price point of view. In terms of bundling of software and hardware, as I said before, Arista, this is a well-known secret actually, started out as a software company and majority of our resources is still software. Out of our R&D organization strength, over 90% is software. So when you look at our EOS+ announcement, it is all about virtual images of software, it's about software development toolkit, it's about customizing and aligning that capability, so we're not afraid to jointly work with customers and offering programmability to our software. If they want to build their hardware, if they want us to run on a white box, we're open to that as well. We've always said we are. We are waiting to see that market develop, and as and when customers want that, we will absolutely offer yet another form factor and business model. We view that as another member of our portfolio, so not a big deal to us. 
Jayshree Ullal: Right. With a $584 million revenue out of a $7 billion market going to $10 billion, $11 billion, I think focus is important. So we're definitely not doing blade switches. We believe that footprint belongs to server vendors. We're definitely not doing virtual switches. We work with the OpenStack community, we work with VMware, we work with NSX, we work with Nuage, so we don't see that we should go into markets and technologies that others have strength in, we want to complement that. And we have plenty of room to grow to become $1 billion or $2 billion company with that large market. At the same time, we do not preclude adjacencies. If it makes sense with our software and technology to expand into markets that are more natural where we can be differentiated, we will absolutely consider that in the next 1 to 3 years. 
Jayshree Ullal: Right. And long-term, we've always said that to gain market share and gain footprint, we would not be afraid with a 60% to 65% gross margin range. 
Jayshree Ullal: I think that's one assumption, but you can -- let me add another assumption to that. You can make the assumption that some of our cloud titan purchases moved out of Q4 to Q1. 
Jayshree Ullal: That's an excellent question, Erik, and I'll try and give a short answer because we don't have all day. But the combination of more programmability is making people realize that more than meeting single-function controllers, what they really need is network management done right. So some of our partners like Splunk, VMware, ExtraHop, software companies that can work very -- Palo Alto Networks, that can work -- Ansible, Chef, Puppet, these are all examples of bringing DevOps and NetOps together and that is becoming more and more meaningful and more and more important. So certainly, Arista doesn't feel the need to be that management tool, but we very much are the underpinning to provide the manageability for that tool. 
Jayshree Ullal: And Suba, to answer your question on were there verticals that grew faster. Clearly, our largest vertical base is the cloud titan, so that doesn't tend to, in percentage, grew as fast, but all the other 3 verticals grew very nicely for us in Q4. Faster. 
Jayshree Ullal: I think one of the things you'll see us do is just put a deeper focus on all those 4 verticals, and we're not favoring one over the other, but they have so much similarity with each other. There are early adopters, they appreciate technology, they don't fall for B.S. marketing, so all of those make them the natural ones. 
Jayshree Ullal: I didn't mention it was weaker. It was very balanced, it was strong. But I did mention that our overall customer concentration of Microsoft for the year went down from 22% to 15%, which we view as -- Microsoft's an important partner, but we also view as a positive. Our cloud titans continue to be our most strategic partners. We are in 6 out of 7 of them. An example of Facebook and Microsoft endorsing our EOS+ announcement is a very clear example of that, so we're very bullish about that segment and we continue to be so for 2015. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. We see security as too much of a significant market for Arista to address by itself, so we will be working closely with partners there. Whether that's DDoS mitigation or encryption or firewalls, Palo Alto Networks comes to mind as one of our close partners as well as others, so we will do this in conjunction with key technology partners, not by ourselves. 
Jayshree Ullal: And to answer your customer question, as I said, it was very balanced in Q4. Throughout 2015, we expect a good balance. So the low of any contribution of a vertical you can think of is 15% and the high as 25% to 30%. 
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. To answer that question, we saw both 40- and 100-gig adoption to really come in and complement our 10-gig, so I wouldn't call out 40-gig only as a sole contributor to our margins specifically. But it's clear that 10-gig, especially 10GBASE-T has -- resembled more like 1-gig whereas the high-performance sub-links like 10-gig, 40-gig or 100-gig generally are healthier. But I would generally tell you our margins are more affected by volume and customer mix than product mix. In terms of... 
Jayshree Ullal: In terms of chip vendors we work with, we obviously work very closely with them. We are in close trials. And no company knows better how to work with Merchant Silicon than we do. We work with 3 or 4 types of them. We look to add diversity there. We don't just take the silicon. So they're very excited about the -- our partnership with Broadcom and all the opportunities it represents. 
Jayshree Ullal: So I -- we do not break out concentration by quarter, so I can't answer that. But are we taking share relative to the main competitor? We believe we are. We believe Cisco's market share in 10, 40 and 100, when the results come out it will show that they decreased and Arista increased. 
Jayshree Ullal: We don't control the forecast of products, but I'd say they're generally in the range. ASPs of products has stabilized, but obviously, selling prices have in the past years gone down as much as 10% or 15% a year. So I think the $7 billion got revised to $6.9 billion and the CAGR growth is still a very, very solid 14% to 15% a year, which is double-digit. So I wouldn't read too much into it. It's always hard to project the future years, so I think the difference between 2014 at $6.9 billion and $7 billion, which is the original forecast is within the round-off error. 
Jayshree Ullal: I think it's a little too early for me to forecast any specific customer, but I would, in general, tell you, we -- because of our diversification, we are less reliant on any one customer as much as we were, say, back in 2013. Having said that, because we get such a substantial spend and Microsoft is such an important partner, we expect to get a large spend, but we still expect it to be flat to down this year. Not because we're doing anything wrong or they're doing anything wrong, but because they have spent so much with us. So that may change if Microsoft's strategy to spend more changes but, quite frankly, we don't get visibility to it beyond 1 to 2 quarters. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes -- no. Our relationship with Facebook is stronger than it's ever been. We are very aware of any internal developments. We view them as a customer, a partner, not a competitor. And I think it's a natural progression for them to develop since they have very smart engineers, their FBOSS and Wedge and OCP reference design. And they're very aware of the fact that, that design complements what Arista does. So nothing has changed there in my commentary. I just think you're seeing the examples and evidence of both what we do and what they do, and it really is a joint partnership. So we don't expect substantial change in the Facebook and Arista partnership in 2015. 
Jayshree Ullal: I think I've said this before and then we can go longer at a later time which is because we have so many knobs on our EOS for programmability, control plane, management plane, data plane and scripting capabilities, we're able to work with them in a very customized fashion and we're not just dropping boxes. And we also have a lot of features that we've developed. Our EOS code has gone from 1 million lines to over 8 million lines so it's very different than an FBOSS, a singular application. So diversity and gender-purpose applications we support and the customization we do with Facebook is very different than Facebook's use case. 
Jayshree Ullal: Right. So it's really important to understand that Arista is a product built by engineers, for engineers. That's why we do so well with these engineering organizations in these cloud titans. But it's also important to understand that these engineering organizations are continuously developing and experimenting and building products of their own. They're not mutually exclusive. As I said, there's a capital market today that builds their own type of rack switches in a lot of these cloud titans. So we work with them. And where they have solutions, they use their solutions. Where they need a spine or additional type of lease or splines, they use our solutions. So I think it's important to understand, very important to understand that there isn't a uniform network design, which is just all 1 type, and a mix-and-match is very common depending on the use cases. 
Jayshree Ullal: Actually, quite the opposite. We are experiencing shorter sales cycles because people finally understands the difference between the wafer ware and what ACI really is and, therefore, are embracing the universal cloud networking solution from Arista much more. And again, I can only speak to the 4 verticals. I'm sure that our areas of coverage where my competitors can speak much better to how it's doing. But in my customer domain, the confusion of ACI is far greater than the acceptance. 
Jayshree Ullal: Okay, Ben. As you can tell, we can do a whole lot better there and I feel like a bit of a broken record because I've said that for the last 3 quarters. I think the issue here is we're doing extremely well in all regions. So all boats are rising the tides. And because we're doing well in the United States, in some ways, it hides the fact that we're doing well in Asia and Europe as well. But we can do a lot better, I'd be the first to admit that. And our Mark Smith, our sales leader has hired an EMEA leader and we have hired leaders for Asia-Pac, Australia, Japan and Korea, all of who are new, so I'm hoping for improved and even better performance in the next 2 years. But I will caution you all to be patient there just like I'll have to be and realize it's not going to happen overnight. 
Jayshree Ullal: It hasn't changed. We're getting used to it. The weathering is fine. It hasn't changed. It's a way of life. And it's a very competitive industry, but it's driven not just by price, but performance and functionality and TCO. So we're holding our own. 
Jayshree Ullal: Sanjiv, that's a good question. On one hand, logic would suggest we should. On the other hand, as you know, our 4 verticals are less channel-dependent. They look to buy from Arista and also [ph] through a [ph] channel. So the best answer I can give you at the moment is we will be extremely selective in our choice of channels, picking only elite partners who truly want to disrupt and change the landscape and not just be yet another enterprise provider. So you're not going to see us just sign up volume channels for distribution. And we are especially going to rely on channels internationally. We're also going to be looking at key technology partners, SIs and really the V in value-added resellers and channel is going to be important to us. So look for us to be more selective than sort of carpet bomb channel strategy. 
Jayshree Ullal: Kulbinder, you're fading a little in volume. I'm going to just rephrase the question. How does diversified were you with the cloud titans outside of Microsoft? I think we made big strides in 2014, but we have still a lot of scope and a lot of room in 2015 with our other cloud titans. I don't believe we are as penetrated in them as we are in Microsoft. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I'll speak to that. Kelyn, you may want to add to that. We continue to hold the bar very, very high. You're absolutely right. It's getting increasingly competitive to find damn good engineers here in the Silicon Valley. And many engineers in networking we wouldn't hire here. We are expanding our focus and facilities beyond Santa Clara, we already have Bangalore, India and Vancouver, Canada as identified sites to expand internationally and we'll be adding more. 
Jayshree Ullal: No. We're not. Because I think if we can't hire them here, we'll hire them elsewhere. We're not lowering the bar, but we're continuing to put emphasis on hiring. We're pleased with the rate of hiring we've done actually. 
Jayshree Ullal: So I'm not able to answer that Alex because I think our visibility is short-term, but we haven't seen any hiccups but we always see lumpiness. 
Jayshree Ullal: Again, our partnership with VMware is one of my favorite and never been better. I think we have a common vision, common strategy. And the integration with both ESX and NSX as well as other touch points we have, is the best it's been. It's still early days. We announced this partnership in August, September last year. We have a number of customers together already on ESX, and we're now developing our customer base for NSX as well. 
Jayshree Ullal: I think the channel will be a very important growth driver for us, internationally. In the U.S., we are going to look for a different breed, those that are capable of selling innovative technology are focusing on new markets like Big Data, data analytics, the virtualization, the cloud, the software-defined networks. And so traditional channels, we will continue to use for fulfillment. But for value-add, I think our criteria is going to make it a more unique requirement. So are we having difficulty? No, because, I think, just like our hiring, we're putting a different bar on it, we have a different criteria. We'll be more selective and we're not going to measure our success by how many channels we sign. We're going to look for quality over quantity. 
Jayshree Ullal: Look, I think Cisco needs to answer what percentage of their overall switching business the 9K is. I think that's small and, therefore, we don't run into it as often, but we do see it occasionally. And we're able to compete against it very effectively because we've been working with Merchant Silicon a lot longer than they have. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I'll answer your second question first. The pace of adoption is really defining the 4 verticals, right? And they tend to be the most sophisticated in features and capabilities and in demanding things from us. So the follow-on enterprises tend to use similar features or less of it. So in other words, if we can do these 4 really well, these are our toughest, most mission-critical use cases, so the other ones are natural subsets of that, if you will. We are seeing acceptance in a couple of enterprise verticals that seem to be promising, including education and research labs and media and entertainment. So I do believe we can branch out very easily from the high-tech enterprise into some of these others, but at the moment... 
Jayshree Ullal: Well, similar. Like I said, they're more about pace of adoption not -- the reasons are similar. They're just not at the same early pace of adoption as the first 4 verticals were. So that's consistent uniform cloud networking with programmable features, it's what makes us unique and differentiated from other proprietary lock-in systems. We see all the workloads, and all the workflows have to be handled in a similar fashion rather than customized for each enterprise and application like the mainstream workloads. So not only do the 4 verticals like it, but all the follow-on verticals love that, too. But it does take time to change an old habit. The enterprises have been around for 20 years, and I think that's what we're dealing it. That's when our next 4 verticals would come up when it's time for them to disrupt and change. 
