Curtis McKee: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today’s call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks President and Chief Executive Officer, Ita Brennan, Arista’s Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal fourth quarter ending December 31 2019. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company’s website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the first quarter of the 2020 fiscal year, longer-term financial outlooks, industry innovation, our market opportunity, the benefits of recent acquisitions, and the impact of litigations, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today, and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn it over to Jayshree.
Curtis McKee: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time constraints, I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question. Thank you for your understanding.
Curtis McKee: Okay. Well, this concludes the Arista Q4 2019 earnings call. Thank you for joining us today. Please note that moving forward, our earnings calls will move to Tuesday, starting with Q1 2020 call, which will take place on Tuesday, May 5. Lastly, we have posted a presentation, which provides additional information on our fiscal results, which you can access on our Investor section of our website.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure, Pierre. I will take part of the question and Anshul can elaborate. The cloud CapEx spending has never correlated 1:1 with Arista's network numbers. And the reason is many because as you know it's a very small part of the total CapEx. It's almost negligible the network piece. And often they make the compute and the storage decisions first and the network comes later. So there's a lag. So our visibility right now, as I've often told you is one to two quarters. And we can't say much about the whole year let alone Q2 or second half. So while we are making predictions based on our 2019 both the absorption of deferred revenue and the current understanding of their plans, things might change. We're reflecting what we know best as of now, especially when you look at our year-over-year comps for 2018 and 2019. Anshul says, I did good enough. So there has nothing more to add.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, thank you, Meta and thank you. I think it's the first call for you with Arista. So welcome. So as you know our campus business is in its very early stages. We only started shipping in Q3 2019. We've had two full quarters now of campus. And I'm very encouraged by the enthusiastic response from both our existing customers as well as new customer acquisition. As I look at our $1 million customers that I was talking about and the record number we have achieved, many of them have also been campus. And so we – I see that at least from our little Oasis or island, we're not really a macro bellwether, we're more of a technology bellwether and the technology on both on our POE and Wi-Fi has been very well accepted along with our clients and CloudVision. And Q4 was a very good indication of that.
Jayshree Ullal: So I'll take the first question and Anshul maybe with your COO title you know more about what's going on there. So on the -- what's the priorities for the Big Switch? Well, as I said first of all, we were incredibly impressed by the engineering team. So we have selected the best of the best and they are very much part of the acquisition has closed, and I want to give a big shout out to Marc Taxay and Ita for the hard work that went into that. It's a 10-year old company there's a lot of detail. So the -- at the end of the close of the acquisition, we have absorbed approximately 75 employees, a large percentage of them in engineering. And there are two product lines that Big Switch carries, the BMS, which is the monitoring product, which is as I explained is a perfect complement to DANZ. DANZ is Arista's in-line integrated switching product and BMS is just icing on the cake, it has deeper visibility, service nodes, recorder nodes and monitoring fabric et cetera. And then BCF, which is meant for more of a converged fabric and we fully expect that to be a very important piece, especially with our converged infrastructure partners like Dell Technologies. So both products will be fully supported and carried through but with different channels.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Rod I'll try and answer as many of your questions. Your last one, first. So the answer is, we try to do our best by ranking them. And I guess you're looking for more granularity. So we'll definitely take it under advisement like we do anything you suggest and maybe that's a data point for Analyst Day. And going back to your cloud decline and service provider, flat to down, I think definitely means flat to double-digit down. We don't exactly know how much now because we're in the first quarter. I think Anshul and the team will get much more visibility in -- maybe Analyst Day or second half because that's when we really get a good sense. But Q1 is such a seasonal quarter. We don't have enough data. It's more an extension of Q4. So ask us this question again in May or June. And I think we’d have a lot more to say. Service providers, yes I think when Ita actually explains the definition of sluggish to images, it's not that bad. And I think the worst was last year. So it's bottomed out and it can only get slightly better is our feeling. But we're not like holding of breadth or anything, but we believe it can't get worse.
Jayshree Ullal: And John to take your question on the campus. We think being a new kid in the block, when there's been a fairly mature market and a $10 billion term largely Cisco and maybe HP, Aruba just for us to enter in and be taken seriously is the first order of business. And I have to say the enthusiasm for Arista, the software, the cognitive cloud vision has been very well received. So, I think, delivering the first four quarters of $100 million will really establish a baseline for more growth. As I said at the last analyst meeting, I'd be very disappointed if we didn't have that more growth translate into doubling and doubling again. So I'm – my team would be looking to take that $100 million to $200 million and then to $400 million and then some. But more on Analyst Day maybe, on exactly how we do that in the details. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, that's a really good question. Yeah. We've actually done three acquisitions and had to deal with the OS twice before. So to -- before I answer your Big Switch question, let's take the other two. Metamako, very FPGA-centric, it was really for the high-frequency trading market, low latency. The OS did not play a big role and when it does it will be EOS, right? Mojo, really a radio management Wi-Fi. We immediately integrated into CloudVision. And again, the OS was less important than the CloudVision integration to bring wired and wireless together. Big switch, we fully expect that same CloudVision integration with Dan's and BMS the monitoring fabric, so the OS will be somewhat transparent and unification of inline DANs and a monitoring fabric will be much more important. The big cloud fabric is the unique product. And we believe the go-to-market channel there is not necessarily a typical Arista customer, who's looking for EOS and CloudVision. But a technology partner like Dell Technologies or Nutanix that wants to integrate this with their servers and storage. So very much like SoNiC or FBOS [ph] this is a converged infrastructure solution. 
Jayshree Ullal: That's correct. Well, again, its early days and we're still learning. And both Doug Murray and Kyle, the co-founder, are teaching us as we speak. But if we look at there, over 300 customers, the overlap with our customers is only one-third. So 60%, 65% of the customers are new to us.
Jayshree Ullal: That's a good question. First of all, we didn't see any significant revenue concentration and certainly not Microsoft. That could have been a past statistic, but not true now. So there's obviously some big customers and they have some top 10, but not specifically one that is a 10% concentration. So coming back to your question on how do we see this? So, we do see the partnership with Dell getting stronger. How Big Switch was selling was really software-only disaggregated from hardware and a lot of the hardware was Dell switches. We continue to plan to offer that model and strengthen our partnership with Dell and make that stronger. So we are not changing the sales motion and it complements what Arista is doing in the high-end enterprise and cloud titans very, very well. So no change.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. I would generally say the margin is about the same. But if you see versus our router portfolio as oppose to versus our…
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Yeah, not at the same. More pricing pressure in the campus always because the market is defined that way, but the margins aren't significantly different.
Jayshree Ullal: I'll answer the second question and then Ita if you could. I wouldn't call it too much of a drag but maybe but in terms of when it will be accretive, the forecast we have challenged the team with is to be accretive by the end of 2021. Obviously, I'd like to see it sooner.
Jayshree Ullal: No. Big Switch was not there in December 2019, right? So I was talking about Q3 and Q4 we're well on our way to $100 million. And I just want to clarify it's not run rate, it's revenue. So real revenue.
Jayshree Ullal: Nice try Tejas, but I'd be a fool to do that right now. You wouldn't you say after the surprises we had last year. I'm teasing you. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes that's a good question Aaron. So first of all, just to reiterate all the surprises we received from that specific cloud titan remain and are being factored into the 2020 forecast. So those numbers will be lower this year right? As for the other cloud titans each one is unique. So it's not necessarily feeding into the others. So that is specific to that one. And each one has their architecture, their timelines, their migrations, their specific CapEx plans. So I wouldn't roll one into the other. 
Jayshree Ullal: Hi Paul. So if you go back consistently to our last three years, I think we've always said, we don't have more than one to two quarter visibility on any of our cloud titans and that hasn't changed. So I wouldn't be able to give you annual visibility of what they spent this year versus next year would be. I do think we get greater visibility in the second half of this year on how the next year will look like. But in terms of broad trends -- but that answer hasn't changed, despite the pause and puts and takes. 
Jayshree Ullal: Oh, you're only talking about campus. Oh, I see. I don't have that answer, but I was talking about overall enterprise including campus.
Jayshree Ullal: That’s correct. Nothing's changed significantly, although some of the Tier 2 cloud providers have resumed some small spend and some of them are still evaluating.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. So Jim, I think all the theories of those answers are not true. I think the customer has been pretty straightforward with us. That they have always been using Arista, as well as some internal development and we've been working with them on the internal development. So we feel very comfortable that the forecast has changed and they continue to be an important partner with us.
Jayshree Ullal: Cloud customers. Okay, okay. Now that makes sense. Yes, yes. So look we feel the same way as we did last time which is, we had a lot of weakness in the spending and it's reflected in our Q1. I think we will know better about the rest of the year when we get to the second half more, but as it stands nothing's changed. The CapEx that they will spend, Arista fields in a very strong position to compete, differentiate and get the business. So we're not losing market share. We're winning the sockets, but the rate of spend and adoption we do believe will be a flat to down year this year. 
Jayshree Ullal: And then to answer your question on Q4 linearity. I'm just looking at the chart Mark Foss has given me. It was pretty linear across the three months. We had a record $1 million of customers in Q4. And good spend across our top 50 customers. So nothing unusual except more campus.
Jayshree Ullal: Anshul and the team have invested pretty significantly in international, especially of course the developed countries in Europe and Asia Pac. We had a strong quarter. And we're starting to see some important customer wins in the enterprise and even some small service providers. We obviously, a much more channel led in international. That's always been the case. So that's been a strong area of experience for us. And I actually want to add to that. I think that's a strong area of growth really.
Jayshree Ullal: And one other – just one quick add to what Anshul said, generally our customer logos are higher internationally than in the U.S., lower purchase of sale. But out of the 6300 cumulative customers has come internationally.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Look, as you know Arista has always been a big component of merchant silicon and ASICs notwithstanding this new announcement have been around 30 years. It's not – ASICs by themselves are not new. We do see three dimensions. First of all is from a best-of-breed silicon standpoint, we couldn't be more pleased with our – the silicon we received from Broadcom both on the Trident, Tomahawk side and Jericho, we have very high confidence. It's a case where you can't just build one point product, you have to have a full roadmap and we've always been ahead of vendor specific at ASIC, and we believe that will continue. In terms of software, silicon by itself is not so interesting if you can't build a system. So, obviously, EOS, we feel is the most competitive software differentiated across many merchant silicon devices. I think it's -- we supported it over 18 silicon families, maybe more than that. And so in general we feel like that leaves only one other thing, which is Cisco selling chips. And obviously that's not our business. They're going to be competing with Intel and Broadcom on that one.
Anshul Sadana: To your question on China and supply chain with respect to coronavirus, as Ita mentioned, we don't do any direct manufacturing in China. So it really comes down to second degree effects of our manufacturer’s suppliers or their sub-supplies or their raw material coming from China. So far we haven't seen any big impact, because it's just been a few weeks after -- really a few days after the end of the Chinese New Year. And our manufacturers are saying that's okay for the short-term. However, if the situation continues for a long period and there's where the supply is label of raw materials and over an extended time then it can have an impact in the future. But it's too early to say anything right now. And we expect more answers from the Chinese suppliers to the factories through the rest of the month and even in March. So it is too early, but for now we're okay.
Anshul Sadana: Jayshree two comments here. Brian, I know everyone is focused on 400-gig, I do want to remind you and everyone else, 100-gig is actually growing in 2020. It's not going to just sit. There are many other accretions coming soon as well whether it's 8x50 going to 4x100 or 8x500 as well. It's not just a single transition that our customers are planning or going with us on the multiple three to three years generation roadmap, I don't mean discussed. Lastly, there is some dependency on the DCI or backbone networks on availability of the other optical scale and that's still expected to be second half maybe even end of the year. And hence any material deployments in that space will be in 2021.
Anshul Sadana: Ben in terms of the 400-gig architecture and how our largest customers are leading the way there, the entire architecture needs to contemplate a server flow, let's say 100-gig being able to go through the network. So you have to upgrade it end-to-end. You cannot just upgrade in silos and be done with it. So for large-scale architectures upgrading the backbone and the DCI networks is almost a necessary step one, before you can do 400-gig in the broader Leaf & Spine Design. And that depend on VR other optics and so on. And but that's where the testing is going on already in the lab trials that we are involved in today. For AI, which are closed clusters, 400-gig is already starting to see a little bit of deployment but these are still very small scale, simply a 32x400 gig type of design in our mini-leaf spine. And there we are working with our customers very well with co-development. It may not be just the OS that problem I think we've already exist with our best customers and partners, but actually co-development with the NIC and the FPGA and the GPU and so on that is also happening already.
Anshul Sadana: So just -- it doesn't really impact us as much on our short-term variation over there, especially the cloud companies they decouple supply chain planning for these issues and have one or two months of gas anyway. If it's a fluctuation of one or two months, it doesn't really impact us.
Anshul Sadana: No, Simon, when we did our earnings call last quarter we very much stated what we have seen from at least one of the cloud titans, where they were delaying the refresh and now you've seen a market that some of the other cloud customers are doing this as well. But we're not seeing this with the other Arista customers so far, even in the cloud space. So for us it's limited to one customer. We don't deal with the other large cloud company you're referring to as much, so we're not as exposed there. But it's not a market-wide trend. It's very specific to that architecture, the next-generation they're on and the sort of type of offloads they're looking for to decide with the generation to select.
Anshul Sadana: We don't have it. I'm quite sure someone on this call has models around that. But no, that's not something we try to focus. 
Anshul Sadana: Both in headcount growth, we actually have a significant amount of heads added to international. And on the channel side, the channel development plan we have is a separate one for you. So a separate one for EMEA and APAC as well with a different ecosystem, different set of partners and so on. And that's coming along reasonably well. As Jayshree mentioned, the international locations are mostly fulfilled by channel but now we are working with them to make it channel led as well. So if you remove cloud and so on, the rest of the organic international business is doing well.
Ita Brennan: Our hope, right? I mean it did decline a fair amount in 2019. And we'd like to think that it starts to cover a little bit from there, but sluggish kind of implied slowly. 
Ita Brennan: Yes let me take the tax one first maybe. So the Q4 tax rate of 15%. I mean that's a one-off, right? It's some very specific reserves that were released in the period. As we go forward, we've been thinking about the structural tax rate somewhere around 21%. That's what we guided for Q1. There's probably more upward pressure than downward pressure on that over time. So I think 21%, 21.5% it's is in that range somewhere. But I think for now you're in the 21% range for Q1. And then maybe you see a couple of basis -- tens of basis points kind of increase all time, but it's -- it will take time. That was more kind of a longer-term structural rate statement. The 21% plus or minus hasn't really changed in the current timeframe. 
Ita Brennan: Yes. I mean I think once we get out of Q1, Q1 was always going to be a quarter that was tight from an operating margin perspective because of where the revenue came in at and the mix of business that we have with cloud being heavier. So you are seeing a lower kind of operating margin in Q1. I think once we get out of Q1, we had talked on the last call about a 35% operating margin being kind of the target. And I think we can absorb Big Switch within that, right? As we move through the year. And then we'll have more to say kind of on the top line. On the next call once we sort out some of the purchase accounting and other stuff that we need to work through.
Ita Brennan: Right. So the meaningful revenue decline and the double-digit are all referencing revenue, right? So saying basically the revenue numbers will decline meaningfully, right? That includes $118 million, right? When we talked about demand and we said, that we expect it to be flat to down, that's not referencing that double-digit number, right? That's a commentary that obviously will play out as you see where it goes but it's not trying to say that it's a double-digit number.
Ita Brennan: No. They didn't. Larger customer mix, right? We were heavy enterprise and financials in Q4 and we'll be -- we're heavier cloud mix in Q1. Q1 always has a heavier cloud mix because enterprise just takes time to ramp in the first quarter.
Tal Liani: Hi, guys. I have two questions. First, if I remove Facebook, which -- sorry Amazon -- sorry Microsoft, which I have perfect numbers.
Tal Liani: Eventually I'm going to get to the right answer. Yeah. So if I remove Microsoft, which I have perfect numbers for both years. And then I assume Facebook at 9% last year because that's the highest number below 10%, versus what's this year, the growth is only 6%. If I assume for Facebook 5% and which, again, it wasn't a 10% customer. So it has to be below that. So if I assume anything below, the growth is even lower than 6%. So the question is, why aren't you growing faster with everyone else, forget Facebook and Microsoft, why don't we see faster growth like we used to do? Because we've always been doing this exercise without Microsoft and growth was always very strong. And the second question not related…
Tal Liani: By the way, I just want to comment something. We'll take it offline, but we shouldn't remove the deferred and I can explain it later why. The number is the number you could remove both sides. But in any case I wanted to ask about the gross margin, why is it declining sequentially next quarter? I don't think anyone asked this question.
