Curtis McKee: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on today’s call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks’ President and Chief Executive Officer and Ita Brennan, Arista’s Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal second quarter ending June 30, 2020. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at our website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the third quarter of the 2020 fiscal year, longer term financial outlooks, the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business, industry innovation, our market opportunity, the benefits of recent acquisitions and the impact of litigations, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we will discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Curtis McKee: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time constraints, I would like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question. Thank you for your understanding. Operator, please take it away.
Curtis McKee: So this concludes the Arista Q2 2020 earnings call. We have posted a presentation, which provides additional information on our fiscal results, which you can access on the Investors section of our website. Thank you for joining us today and everyone be safe.
Jayshree Ullal: Hi, Rod. This is Jayshree. So in terms of seasonality, I think things got better in Q2 than this year from COVID in general. We obviously experienced a very strong come back from the cloud titans, but we also had strong traction on all the other four verticals as well. And they pretty much continued in a fairly linear fashion throughout the quarter. And in terms of manufacturing, we are still experiencing inventory issues. We have very long lead times, where we have improved – we are improving them, we look to improve them, but we don’t expect it to be back to normal till probably Q4.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, we are improving from Q1 to Q2, we will improve again from Q2 to Q3, but we won’t get back to normal till Q4.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, given the guide we gave, Erik, we were able to make our quarter, but if you are asking could we have made more? We could have made more if we had more inventory.
Jayshree Ullal: No, I think we are winning, because of really three reasons, quality and support. Customers are seeing us as being superior to our peers in every which way in that department. Our innovation is getting stronger and stronger. And then our market recognition both from industry analysts and our customers and customers tell other customers, so many of these enterprises were aware of us and are now starting to make real decisions on us both existing ones with greater land-and-expand opportunities as well as new ones. Sales cycles in the enterprises can be long. And so this is really work in progress that’s been going on for several quarters that we are seeing materialize in Q2. This may sound obvious, but also another aspect of our enterprise’s success is that the familiar customers are deepening their expansion with us for many more use cases. So not only are we winning new prospects, but we are also getting more land-and-expand opportunities. So, I think we have always pointed to the enterprise being our shining star and our brightest opportunity and now we are seeing that across the board in all the regions.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. No, I think, there is two ways to really look at Tier 2 cloud meter. Sometimes, they make investments and from a cost perspective, they can very much justify their investments as much more cost effective in the long run than going to the public cloud. But other times, they have a hybrid combination of also going to the public cloud to manage their cost structures. So you see a bit of both. It’s very cyclical in nature. And it really depends on which Tier 2 cloud you are talking about. So, some start on their own cloud and continue to grow the workloads and we experienced some of that in Tier 2 and others slow down a little and we experienced some of that too throughout the year as we did have some delay decisions that we hope we can pick up in the second half of the year. I think a piece of Tier 2 cloud that’s doing well for us is especially CDN. With the work from home, as you rightly mentioned, the aggregates of all that video bandwidth is starting to create investment. Not that the video itself is large, but all of all of the 4k and 8k flows that up to an aggregate bandwidth.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, Amit first of all, you are absolutely right to say there is no one to one correlation between network CapEx and the massive cloud titan CapEx. But if you look at the cloud titan CapEx that was reported some are very high some are strong some are flattish some were down and so I think the Titans did experience a strongest spend overall, and that did affect our Q2. But as we said in the last call, and I want to reiterate, we originally thought we would be flat to down because of the strong CapEx, we now feel good about flattish, which is an improvement from down. So of course we’ll monitor this in the second half. But we believe that the overall for the year will be flat for cloud titans.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Paul, not changed for better or worse in the quarter as, Arista introduced the switch abstraction interface. So we continue to have a long history of commitment on Linux, SDK, containerized EOS, virtual. EOS, this ag EOS, SONiC support, FBOS support, O&L support, so we embrace white boxes and customers embrace Arista’s blue boxes too.
Jayshree Ullal: Well I think we can continue in detail, but I think the message you are getting is a fundamental thesis is unchanged. We are not seeing architectural shifts or competitive losses. In fact, recent data validates that we are number one spots for the third consecutive year on 100-gig. So and our share is increasing every quarter.
Jayshree Ullal: Right. Thanks, Jim. Well, I think we have always told you 400-gig trials began at the end of last year, but as we said last quarter, we will be delayed from 2020 to some of them may go into 2021 due to all the things you mentioned COVID-related slowdown. You just can’t deploy 400-gig over a virtual collaboration conference. You have to do new product qualification. You have to get the optics in. That said, we are very pleased with our progress in 400-gig and we are winning tens of customers. In fact, to-date, we won over 50 customers in 400-gig. So, we are pleased with the progress, but many of them are in trials and early deployment cycles.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, I mean, I think there's, the biggest driver is still the customer mix, right but you are right, it wasn't that dislocated between Q1 and Q2. I think, if you look at the last quarter, we have talked a lot about, being able to sell some inventory that previous we thought we couldn't sell or we wouldn't sell and that has given us some pickups on the gross margin side. All of that type of stuff will flow through product margins not obviously not for the services. So, now as you think about this quarter, and honestly into Q3 and Q4, we have some implemented COVID costs that we are also covering around freight logistics, just supply chain costs of kind of prioritizing supply over, over cost structure, right. So, we are going to carry some, some burden of cost around those activities through the end of the year that will all show up in that product line, right. So, I think that will move around a bit even outside of the, just the normal kind of customer mix that we have been seeing shortly.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. And just to clarify what he just said, we are experiencing COVID related greater cost structures, no changing competitive or pricing dynamics.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, I think – but, I think there is very few details on exactly what the product is, but Nokia, certainly a good service provider company. And I believe while their entry into the data center and the fifth player will be difficult, and it will be tough to compete, and I don’t really see any 400-gig products available despite the marketing. We do think we have respect for them as a service provider, and especially combined with optical companies, they might find some used cases there. So I don’t think we will see, like you rightly pointed out, I don’t think we will see a direct competition with them, but they may find some use cases combining with optical.
Jayshree Ullal: We, we are already seeing opportunity with a telco data center independent of 5G rolling out, but we certainly see that as a independent on Nokia. That’s a very real use case that Arista today participates strongly in the service provider segment.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks Samik. I don’t think I am ready to say we are going to grow double-digit or mid-teens on the cloud. Our numbers are so large. We will be happy to grow in the cloud period, right? I think our faster growth and traction is clearly coming from the enterprise, but the large numbers are clearly being contributed from the cloud. So time will tell, but there is too many variables to make a direct correlation for that in 2021.
Jayshree Ullal: So look, we have a number of use case expansion, Tal in 2020. And usually they come in multiple flavors either it’s adding an additional spine layer, where they are building a super spine or regional spine. It could be expanding racks to increase their server density on the network IO. And these two especially or it could be – but they are building out new data centers. So, these are the three most popular use cases we see. And we definitely saw that this quarter and we expect to see more of that this year.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, I mean, I don’t know that you should expect us to drive a ton of leverage. I think we will – we talked about kind of reinvesting and bringing back some of the investments, that we talked about taking out last quarter as we see revenue and solidifying revenue growth solidify. So I think, the operating margin targets that we have out there in the long-term model is roughly the 35%, plus or minus we guided to 37% for Q3, so I don’t know that we are looking to, drive operating margins that are much higher than that. So we will continue to invest for fortunate to see kind of top line growth.
Jayshree Ullal: No, no, no what he tried to say, was our EMEA business was weak, because the cloud titans did not order in that country. So the European piece of our cloud titan was weak and there were some push outs of European customers that pushed out a Q2, which made that number weaker than normal.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Now that’s a good question. Ryan. Our channel strategy is still in very early stages and evolving. In fact, if you do channel checks, I think most of you don’t hear enough about Arista. So I would say a lot of our first year success was definitely due to our direct customers focus maybe as not as 80%. However we fulfilled through the channels and through our fulfilment through the channels is also 80%. But the impact of channels I think, will kick in more in the second and third year than it did the first and I got to give a shout out to Chris Smith, Ned Chapin and a number of folks who are working on a suite of channel for [indiscernible] extremely competitive all over the world.
Jayshree Ullal: Ben, both are very good questions. I think it really depends on how long you think work from home is going to go on. And it’s going to go on indefinitely. I think the campus investments will take longer. It will still happen. We were expecting to double every year and maybe we won’t double every year, but we will attempt to double every 18 months to 2 years. So there is very much a campus requirement, whether you call it the headquarters campus or the regional offices or the branches and Arista’s technology where we are able to unify wired and wireless in a single pane of glass is powerful. But I think we will see the decision-making take longer. So I still see the opportunity as vibrant, but the time being longer. In terms of video and service providers, again, it’s a really good question. When you look at our Tier 2, both cloud providers and service providers, the ramp in video traffic by itself, because it’s compressed workflows, aren’t that great. But the aggregate bandwidth is definitely causing more investment in both Tier 2 cloud providers and service providers. It’s a colo or peering point or a content provider. So, we are seeing that the work from home is creating an aggregate demand for bandwidth.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, George. I think when it comes to building a network the philosophy many of the top enterprise and cloud clients take and Anshul alluded to this is build with what we have. So, we haven’t seen any delays in putting the network together because of server depreciation cycles or product acquisition cycles. So, we don’t think the Intel slip will have an immediate impact it could factor in, in 2021 or 2022, but right now, I think we don’t see any impact of the 7-nanometer, because they need IO, they need IO independent of which CPU it is. So, we feel pretty good in the near term.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. So I would say three things, Sami. I think first, we just got a late start on international investments and we still see – we are still looking to see that payoff country by country and each country has its dynamics. It’s hard to lump Europe as one. The second is both quarters that you are referring to was influenced by the cloud titan and how they purchased. So, they just tended to purchase more in the United States than they did in in-country, in the region and that’s affected it. And then the third thing I would say is in general, Chris Schmidt and Ashwin Kohli and Anshul and the whole team were having more and we are having greater enterprise traction in the U.S. and bigger bets in the U.S. and we want to see the same and we have every belief and hope that we will see the same, but it’s taking a bit longer in the international locations.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Vinod. That’s a loaded question that I may not be able to answer to your satisfaction, but I would say at least as it pertains to Q2, demand was strong and I wish we could have shipped more. And I think we will run into a little bit of that in Q3 as well albeit it’s a slow summer cycle. So, we don’t yet know about next year or we don’t know enough about Q4, but certainly Q2 –Q1, Q2 were pressured by supply chain and the second half we hope to respond to that supply chain and create more demand.
Ita Brennan: I mean, is always put some face on pricing, that’s how the market was, but nothing out of the ordinary right, nothing anything new or different, right.
Ita Brennan: Yes, as you know, that commentary, Simon, is very much around demand, right. So it’s not adjusting how is the deferred. So, if you think about the cloud business year-over-year and you say, okay, it was the demand was flat, you still need to adjust out the $118 million of deferred on top of that, right. So, you will still see a decline on a revenue basis for cloud year-over-year even with the demand as Jayshree described being flat.
Ita Brennan: Off the top of my head, no, but if you take the percentages that we gave you roughly for the mix of the building this and then adjust the deferred you will get there, right. I mean, you know how much the difference is $118 million, what the spirit of the business was on a demand basis. So you can get there. We can pick it up afterwards if you want, but it's pretty straight forward.
Ita Brennan: Yes. It’s a little early to start trying to call a 2021 view just yet, with everything as all the uncertainty that there is right.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I mean, Tal, I don’t think we are going to go kind of down to that level of detail. I think if you take kind of the year-over-year growth, you have about 6% of that that relates to the deferred revenue being recognized last year. You have a step down on Facebook, which I think we have talked about before, right. They were very active in the first half through Q3 actually last year and then we saw that step down in the fourth quarter, right. And we know they are running at a lower level, we have shared that previously through this year. So, those are kind of your big drivers on the cloud without us trying to get into different use cases and products and stuff, because we are not going to do that. But those are the key kind of drivers around the cloud. And then we have seen strength in some of the other verticals and Jayshree gave the mix of the verticals again this quarter, there was nothing that unusual in the mix versus – but the breakdown that we gave you on the last call in the quarter just gone in Q2, alright. So, enterprise continues to do well, continues to grow and, cloud was better than we had expected, but still when you look at it over the year, it’s not a – it’s not a breakout, it’s solidly kind of flattish on a demand basis now versus being down when we thought coming into the year.
Ita Brennan: I think you can get there on the math, right. If you take out the deferred and you look at the growth on the – certainly on the revenue basis you can get there, right. We are saying for the year, we are saying the demand will be flattish for the year, right. So I am not sure there is much else that we can give you at this point.
