Charles Yager: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal first quarter 2017. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company's website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those related to our financial outlook for the second quarter of the 2017 fiscal year, industry innovation, our market opportunity, and the impact of litigation, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and which could also cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today, and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Charles Yager: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time constraints, I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question.
Charles Yager: This concludes the Arista Q1 2017 earnings call. I also want to mention that we have posted a presentation that provides additional information on our fiscal results, which you can access on the Investors section of our website. Thank you to everyone for joining us today.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Charles. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon for the first quarter of 2017 earnings call. I am pleased to report that we had a pretty good quarter, given our normal seasonality. We demonstrated our predictable and profitable growth with non-GAAP revenue of $335.5 million, as we grew 38.5% year over year. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.93 with an operating margin of 30.2%. Services contribution was higher at 13% of overall sales. From a geographic perspective, our customers in the Americas contributed 79% of total revenue, while the rest of our international theaters progressed steadily in the quarter. We delivered non-GAAP gross margins of 64.2% in our highly dynamic and competitive industry. Our top 10 customers included four verticals, namely, our cloud titans, our cloud specialty and service providers, and financial services. Our new customer acquisition continues to be healthy, made up mostly of leading high-tech enterprise customers. In terms of new introductions for the quarter, we began the year in February of 2017 with the introduction of Arista Data ANalyZers, short for DANZ. DANZ is a programmable state-driven data analysis architecture and software, bringing the next frontier of network packet broker telemetry. DANZ in 2017 is supported in Arista's popular 7150 and 7280R Leaf series as well as 7500R Universal Spine, and this coupled with CloudVision telemetry offerings, delivering any-to-any mirroring of network traffic up to 100-gigabit line rates. This is a compelling advantage of 10x to 60x over standalone products. This includes high-performance hybrid mode operation with traffic capture analysis filtering all in a compact footprint with low power and cost savings. This quarter we also announced the certification of Arista's 7000 Series from the Joint Interoperability [Test] Command, JITC, for inclusion in U.S. Department of Defense, DoD, approved product [indiscernible] (4:45). At Arista's 2017 Analyst Day on March 7 in our headquarters, we unveiled a game-changing containerization architecture, the Arista cEOS. This containerized, extensible operating system provides controls across the server network as containers leveraging the mechanisms of our state-driven network-wide database, NetDB. Customers can now deploy EOS natively as a containerized application, where cEOS supports multi-faceted use cases, including natively hosting containers to create application-specific customizations, network functionality between virtual machine servers and containerized applications, and the simulation of 30 large networks for their behavior under load. cEOS was also demonstrated as the March OCP event with Microsoft SONiC. Our launch of cEOS really underpins our continued differentiation in cloud networking based on five A principles: Available architecture to deliver a self-healing high-quality aperture for data across a highly resilient Leaf/Spine network; Agile work-x delivering microservices for bare metal compute or new workloads such as containers, work streams like video, or workflow for storage; Automation, to rapidly provision a modern software infrastructure for the agile deployment in minutes rather than hours or days; Analytics, tracing deeply the workflow to quickly pinpoint problems through our Tracer technology for dynamic telemetry; and finally, any API cloud whereby the state of the network via Arista NetDB and open APIs offers public, private, and hybrid cloud access with our rich partner ecosystem. As I reflect upon 2017 and our start, I am pleased with Arista's performance and trajectory. Arista has restored the majority of its lead times, as we are now in mainstream production across both our domestic and international manufacturing sites. We continue to invest in cultivating key talent, retaining our engineering groups. To that end, I'm also pleased to welcome John McCool as our new Chief Platform Officer for Platform, Hardware Engineering, and Manufacturing Operations. John has worked closely with both Andy and myself for over three decades as a trusted industry executive. In this newly created role, John will be one of our key assets on the technical leadership team, complementing our already strong anchors, Andy Bechtolsheim, our Chief Development Officer and Chairman; Ken Duda, our Founder and Software Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer; and Anshul Sadana, our Chief Customer Officer. With that, I will now turn it to Ita, our CFO, for Q1 2017 financial details.
Jayshree Ullal: You gave them a question to ask. I appreciate it, thank you. I'll get through as many of them as possible. So I think I said we're feeling very good, both about the Q2 guidance we've given and in general our customers' acceptance of our products. As I've often shared with you, visibility in the long term is always hard with our cloud customers, but in general their spending pattern continues. And their investment in CapEx in the foreseeable future, I can't speak to Q4, but I think we can look into the summer and say the trends continue like we're seeing in Q1 and our guidance for Q2. I think in general, what Arista is experiencing here, on one hand it's unique because we're such a strong supplier in cloud networking. On the other hand, it's also a strong reflection of our innovation and investment in our new products. And our new product uptake has been particularly strong. It was strong in Q4, where it was more than 20% of our revenue, and it continues to be strong and stronger in Q1 as well, and I expect that to continue in the second half too.
Jayshree Ullal: I think it still comes back to that concept of having a mixed balance of sourcing from U.S. component drivers and then some components that will come out of inventory. So we very consciously put the infrastructure in place that we have U.S. manufacturing, U.S. sourcing, and we're going to be leveraging that plus any inventory that we have. So I think nothing new, nothing different here.
Jayshree Ullal: Obviously at this point, you can see the inventory that we have and we'll continue to leverage that.
Jayshree Ullal: Hi, Steve, Microsoft as a customer continues to be one of our top customers. Their business with us is strong. As I've always commented, it would be difficult to expect them to be the same customer concentration as they were last year, which was I think 16%. But a good guess is they will be in the 10% to 16% range this year.
Jayshree Ullal: No, they're both good questions. Thank you, Victor. We do not see any dramatic change in competitive pressures. Our dominant competitor continues to be Cisco. We do see Juniper in the service provider sector specifically when we are competing in routing. As you know, they're quite strong there. But no major change there expect our entry into routing has therefore made Juniper more visible for us in routing.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Hendi. As I said before, we have very strong executive involvement from both the CEO of HPE, Meg [Whitman] and the Executive Vice President, Antonio [Neri]. And mutual commitment to the partnership continues to be strong. But I think both companies would like to see more progress here and are still in the very early stages of this engagement. As I've always said, I expect to see better results in the second half of 2017 and 2018. And both teams are working hard to streamline the training, the process, the channels, and the customer reach. So, we're doing a lot of work, but the real results of this will be more apparent in 2017 and 2018.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Vijay. I expect to see 100 routing customers by this summer, so we're making very good progress to that. I would say we are over north of 70% of that goal. This is both the 7500R series as well as the 7280R, so both products and generally we classify it with the FlexRoute license. In terms of use cases, I think the biggest difference here is Arista is not a legacy router company. And what we're seeing is a lot of routing capabilities where most service providers are transforming from traditional traffic engineered routers to resemble more the cloud. So the cloud network aggregation and core for both Ethernet and IP is changing dramatically, especially with the migration in their backbones and migration to mobile 5G, as well as we're seeing a lot of content delivery networks and peering use cases. So I would say the new norm for SP networks is cloud networking, and that's where Arista is particularly shining and is bringing out its cloud heritage for routing.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. Thanks, James. I think the cloud titans will always remain a big vertical. Whether it will be the biggest or not will depend on how the other verticals perform in the cloud space. There's no doubt in anyone's mind that workloads are moving to the cloud. And companies like Amazon, Azure, Google Platforms, I don't know I can list them all out for you, are doing very, very well, but so are the next tiers. So, I think there will be many consumption models in the cloud. And many customers of ours will be successful depending on the vertical stack or offerings they have. They may be different shapes and forms of clouds. So that brings me to your real question. The heart of your question is what about containerized EOS. Today, it's really an architecture and a technology for a handful of very sophisticated customers. These customers basically will be looking for different consumption models. And if you take an example like I've often shared on Microsoft, they have several tiers of Leaf and several tiers of Spine. And they may use our containerized EOS in some use cases and applications to the Leaf, but they may choose to keep the Spine highly, no pun intended, self-contained and well defined as it is now. So we don't expect massive shifts to containerized EOS in the near term, but we do expect containerized EOS to be an important consumption and packaging model for our cloud customers and sophisticated developers.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. Thanks, Kulbinder. I'll try and process your questions. There were multiple subplots in that question. First of all, the cloud titans are healthy. They're doing well, and I think they'll continue to do well. Many of these cloud titans we have now worked with an average of three to five years. So they know us. We're intimate with them. They've operationalized us. The cloud specialty providers and the service providers, both those are new categories who could potentially spend like the cloud titans, but we're anywhere from our first year to third year with them, so Arista are much newer to them and they to us. So depending on their success and where they're trying to be successful, I think they could be very large customers for us, perhaps even as large as some of the cloud titans. But they just aren't as far enough along with us or we with them. So I think...
Jayshree Ullal: No, so I'll leave it at this. Several of them are in our top 10 customers, so they're doing quite well for us. But it is fair to say that of all the cloud titans, Microsoft is doing better than any of the others. For us and perhaps even in the industry, they and Amazon lead everyone. So I think you're just seeing the reflection of the industry trends on Arista customer trends.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure, Stanley. First of all, we probably don't see the ebb and flows you're describing between server/storage as a purchase segment versus networking. At any given time, the networking component of our total data center is 10% to 15%, so the server and the storage is significantly higher. So we tend to have networking operational experts who plan the networking piece. So therefore, how it ties into ebbs and flows, the server and the storage spend usually occurs at or before the network comes in. That's how we have really seen it, and therefore the tie is more loosely coupled than you're stating. In terms of lead times, our lead times have become very predictable right now. So customers are able to plan better, and certainly they work with us on anything they need in the next and the forthcoming quarter. But anything beyond 16 weeks is difficult for us to get visibility from them on. And also, for their planning, they have to plan on that since some of our lead time components are that far out. So I would say one or two quarters, and generally 16 weeks is a good boundary condition for how they plan.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. So we introduced the DANZ in February, and it's based on our new products, the 7280R, the 7500R, as well as the ongoing support we've had on DANZ in 7150. The reception has been very good. It's only been a quarter since we introduced the new features. But I will tell you, similar to routing, I expect to see 100 new customers in the first year of DANZ. However, the size of these deals vary depending on how much monitoring functionality they need in a small use case versus cap aggregation at 100-gigabit Ethernet type of capabilities in a larger scale use case. So we're seeing both. So in terms of competitive advantages, we're not trying to build cap aggregation as a sole monitoring product. Our emphasis is clearly high port density, the ability to run in switching, mode in parallel, so that customers can mix and match switching and DANZ in a common chassis, and routing in some cases, as well as the footprint and power and price/cost capability. So all of that is factoring into the 10x to 60x depending on which metric I'm looking at. The customers are very pleased with our system-wide focus of not just how do we do DANZ, but how do we do DANZ with our Leaf/Spine networking portfolio.
Ita M. Brennan: Yes, Dan, I think very consistent with the dialogue that we've had over the last while, we've got a gross margin range of 60% to 65%. And we've always commented that in a world where we're using a balanced mix of components from the U.S. and from overseas that we would be in the middle of that range. So that lines up nicely with our guidance of 61% to 64%. So I think nothing new or different from what we've been saying on the gross margin front. We just see ourselves operating in that kind of balanced mix environment over the next coming quarters.
Ita M. Brennan: I'll take the deferred revenue one quickly first. The growth you're seeing is partly just growth in services renewals based on the installed base. And then we did see some increase also in product deferred. And again, that's purely driven by the timing of shipments where we have acceptances or features that we need to deliver in the future. So again, nothing unusual there. It's just the normal ebb and flow of the business that happens to result in that growth in this quarter. Jayshree, do you want to take the...
Ita M. Brennan: Yes, you guys, clearly, services is a piece of this. We have seen the product deferred grow. Some of it is linked to the new products and just an increase in the number of customers who have some acceptance terms around those new products. And the rest of it really is timing and timing of shipments in the quarter. If you look at the mix of customers in that group, it's across the customer base. There's nothing particular to any one of the verticals that Mark and Jayshree talked about earlier. It really is more tactical and in a lot of cases in terms of new products have an acceptance clause. And then depending on when you ship, that determines what that balance is. So, the balance is cycling as you go quarter to quarter, and it really is just a question of what do we ship and how do we ship in the quarter and how much of it ends up going to those customers and ending up in the deferred. So, I still encourage everybody to think about it more as a tactical balance as opposed to something that's strategically reflecting some shift at this point.
Ita M. Brennan: I'm not going to try to guide the deferred revenue balance. It's tough enough to guide the revenues. I think as we see some of the new products become more mature, that's when we may see some decline on that. But again, in the context of at least on our current guidance, we're not factoring that in. So, I know it's interesting and intriguing, but really it is more tactical in terms of what's in that balance. So, it will move around, and again I wouldn't read too much into it.
Ita M. Brennan: I think the services revenue has been growing as a percentage of total revenue over time at a nice, steady growth rate. We've seen it go from 11% to 12% to 13%. And I think it can continue to do that, but it's going to be at that steady pace. What's your entitlement, could it be as much as 15% from pure services, maybe, but that will take time. The growth, the margins on the services side, it's a little chunky in that the cost structure tends to be fixed and going in blocks. But it's probably – right now it's probably operating and it's as high as we would expect to see it operate. But you could see some chunkiness in the gross margin if we have to put in a new piece of infrastructure to support something.
Marc Taxay: Sure, I'd be happy to take that one. So as Ita said, we did just receive the product termination notice. We actually haven't received the written opinion yet. We're going to get that tomorrow. So we'll know more once we actually get the opinion. But what we know today is that the ICC found that we infringed two out of the six patents that were asserted in that case. One is the '668 patent and the other is the '577 patent. We obviously were very glad that the commission sided with us on four out of the six but disappointed about the other two. As Ita also said, there was 5% bond that was stated in there, and I think we explained that. And at this stage, we really just need to take a look through the decision to see how it impacts our go-forward strategy.
Marc Taxay: Sure. So yes, there are two IPRs that have been instituted on the '668 and the '577 patents, which were the patents that were found to have been infringed in the 945. There were hearings that were held at the PTAB in March, and the final decisions by the PTAB will be issued by June 11. So from a timing standpoint, as you probably know, there's a 60-day review period – presidential review period following the issuance of the final determination of the ITC. So that should come out to July 3, so the PTAB decisions will come out several weeks before that. At this stage, obviously we've been evaluating, as I said a moment ago, our design-around strategy. We are obviously preparing that strategy in the event that we were to lose the IPRs. And as I said, we just received the final determination, so we have to go through the actual written opinion to see how that flows through. But certainly, our plan would be based upon our review of that. We have several different options that we're evaluating, and we'll have something together before the end of presidential review period.
Marc Taxay: There is an appeal process, like everything else. There would be an appeal I think to the Federal Circuit. But once those – assuming for a moment that the IPRs that were instituted actually that we prevailed, the view to the ITC as I understand it would be that they'd be considered in effect. And the order wouldn't apply to us.
