Chuck Elliott: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks' President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer; as well as Marc Taxay, Arista's Senior Vice President and General Counsel; and Anshul Sadana, Arista's Senior Vice President and Chief Customer Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2016. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company's website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks' management will make forward-looking statements including those relating to our financial outlook for the first quarter of the 2017 fiscal year, industry innovation, our market opportunity and the impact of litigation, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today, and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Chuck Elliott: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due do time constraints, I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question. Thanks, all.
Chuck Elliott: This concludes the Arista Q4 2016 earnings call. I also want to mention that we have posted a presentation which provides additional perspective on the 2016 fiscal results, which you can access on the Investors section of our website. Thank you to everyone for joining us today.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, Steve, I think if you listened to what we said in our prepared remarks, right, I mean obviously, we continued to ramp our contract manufacturing in U.S. sourcing since the last time we talked. And that's going be the key to supporting customers in the U.S. and ensuring that we're able to support customers in the U.S. We did grow some inventory numbers. You saw that in the year-end balance sheet so there is some flexibility there. But ultimately we're building a supply chain that will support the business from the U.S.
Ita M. Brennan: Yes. So just on the deferred revenue, Tal, our deferred revenue has a number of different pieces in it, right. There's obviously services deferred revenue, which continues to grow quarter-over-quarter and has been growing healthily. We have product revenue, which is there mostly because there's some type of acceptance criteria associated with that, be it either a generic acceptance period where our customers just have time to evaluate products, et cetera, or there's some specific feature sets that we need to deliver for that to become revenue. So it's really a factor of just timing of shipments, where are their acceptance terms, it will move around pretty much the same as our shipments to some of these customers will move around.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, Kulbinder, I'll take the gross margin one first. If you look at Q4, we had come into the quarter thinking that we'd be fairly heavily leveraged towards the U.S. sourcing. As the quarter went on, we did get to access international parts and so on, so that's reflected in that gross margin number. I think the guide and you've seen us effectively repeat it coming into Q1, the 61% to 64%. That was a good guide for a situation where we were going to be utilizing U.S. sourcing with some help from some international components. And that's the dynamic that we see as we move through Q1 as well. So I think some of what we got was more the supply chain was more balanced in Q4 than we had expected, right, and that gave us some upside in gross margin. It is a reminder that the gross margin can be pretty healthy if we don't have these temporary cost structure effects, but again, looking into Q1 we see that being back to that 61% to 64% guide.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, I think, first of all on the growth, we're pleased with the Q1 outlook, but I wouldn't extrapolate that at this point across the rest of the year. We have a fair few moving pieces to work through the middle of the year. So as a base case, I'm pretty happy with where consensus is from a growth perspective for the year for now. So I think that's probably a good place to start. And then, obviously, if we get more strength in Q2, we'll talk about that. But I think for now, the consensus growth rate is a reasonable place to start, right. In terms of the supply chain, we've continued to invest and develop those sources, both the contract manufacturing and the sourcing. So we're in a lot better position than we were, say, two quarters ago as we look at supporting that U.S. business from the U.S. supply chain. We will continue to make investments. We want to optimize the cost structure, et cetera, to do that but we think we have the capacity and now the focus will be on cost structure and we'll make some investments. You'll see us maybe add some CapEx and stuff over the next couple of quarters as we look to improve that. So gross margins, I mean it's very much within my script. I think if we end up being solely U.S. sourced, then you're looking at the lower end of that 60% to 65% gross margin range. Where we're somewhat mixed, like Q1, you'll see us at the midpoint, the 62.5% is the midpoint of that 60% to 65%. You will see us focus on trying to improve cost structure over time, but we'll lay that out when we feel like we've got it figured out.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, I think if you're looking at a year-over-year growth rate that's kind of true for a base case. I think that's kind of what we feel is a good base case, maintaining that kind of consensus, low-20% growth rate for the year-over-year and then we'll update that as we go.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, so just quickly on the inventory deposits. I mean you should think about that as component inventory that's available to us that we funded. And the optics, very quickly on that, we are seeing some challenges in shortages in the 100 gig optics like the rest of the industry. We're getting our fair share but we'd like more.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, I mean, you know that's really hard to answer, Rod. I mean, it's just – yeah, I don't know what to say.
Ita M. Brennan: So, George, I think we've been pretty consistent that we don't believe that we're seeing customers do any kind of pre-buys, et cetera. I mean, again, for our key customers, we're very closely aligned with them in terms of the business that we're doing with them. So, yeah, we don't...
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah, I mean, obviously, the gross margin is a part of that equation, right? And we talked about that and you see the guide for gross margin. Then if you look at R&D was flat dollar-to-dollar in Q4 and obviously, the revenue grew significantly. That's not a case that we would like to continue. We intend to invest in R&D and invest in sales and marketing as we go forward. So I think Q4 had some once-off, unique attributes that drove that higher bottom line.
Anshul Sadana: Sure Jayshree. Alex, if you look at the discussion on white boxes, it comes down to, for the cloud titans, the ability to customize and control the network. With EOS, the programmability, and the integration work we do with joint R&D with our titan customers, we continue to do well in that segment. That's why for us nothing's really changed. White box is not a new topic for us. We've already been participating in these joint projects.
Anshul Sadana: Vijay, on the server upgrade cycle, the way the cloud operates is that if they have demand from their end customers, they just keep on adding to the capacity. So there isn't a big stall effect as a result of that, but I think for the tariff cycle we expect the customers will deploy these and you'll see these go live in the second half of the year.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. James, the real challenge here was the optics companies underestimated the market demand and they weren't ready when the time came. But since then the cloud companies have been pushing them very, very hard. Through the years, the supply should ease out. It's certainly not in the greatest position today, but every quarter it will make progress from what we see. The cloud titans have their own supply chain and they have their own relationships with optics companies and are working hard to build and recover there on their own as well, which is why we are less affected by it because we are not in the middle of that. They control their own destiny. The 10 gig, 25 gig transition is happening this year as we speak. It's tied to mix, FPGA, other things as well. So there's just too many other factors. It's not just a 100 gig optic discussion. But the 100 gig spine are starting to get designed and so on. And, again, I'll just mention the datacenter interconnect and DWDM and all that, but also come along with that. So there's lots of pieces to 100 gig that are starting to come together and I think the industry will make progress as we go through the year.
Anshul Sadana: No, Jayshree. That's the right answer. Our products are very early on, so it takes a long time for the services business to catch up in the renewals and so on.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. Simon, I think if you look at our four verticals, all four are doing very well. The cloud titans continue to be extremely strong. It's greater than the teens. The financials have been holding very nicely. It continues to be in the teens, but is very strong spend there. The service providers, and what I'd also call, the cloud specialty providers, is extremely strong, probably the strongest improvement we've seen in 2016 relative to 2015. And there's a new category beyond the cloud titans. We look at the cloud titans as the largest scale. But the next tier is looking very strong for us, both in terms of cloud hosting providers, service providers, and specialty providers. And then of course, the high-tech enterprise tends to be many enterprise customers but not extremely large deals, not as large as the titans for sure. So all four categories are doing well. All four are double-digit percentage contributions to Arista. And if I had to cite a fifth, I would say the cloud specialty providers is starting to emerge as a category by itself.
Jayshree Ullal: I guess I would point to three trends I'm seeing. I think the overall migration from traditional IT to cloud networking, programmable operating system, highly-available automation, analytics, any workload, these are things that are not just any more for a specific set of niche high-performance customers but is becoming more mainstream. And so we're just seeing this as not one we have to evangelize, but that customers are coming to Arista as the expert, as the thought leader, as the pioneer. So that I would say is a market trend. The second thing I would say is new products. I think last year was a particularly phenomenal year for new product introduction, both switching and routing, and the acceptance of both the R Series as well as the Tomahawk and Trident leaf, and then towards the end of the year Cavium. So we just got a huge upgrade in both the spine and the leaf that it brought to bear. And then the third, which always helps, is customer spending. I think you saw stronger customer spend, which we certainly appreciate and did our best to fulfill.
Jayshree Ullal: Clearly, Mark, we see both. We are acquiring new customers still at the rate of one a day. But I would be remiss if I didn't tell you that existing customers are equally, if not more, important. So we're getting deeper in existing footprint and we're increasing our new customer footprint. So definitely an and.
Jayshree Ullal: So, hi, Paul. No, we're not seeing any tight availability. I think our challenge is more U.S. sourcing than anything else. That's the bigger order bit. But to come back to your routing question, we have the same common platform for routing and switching. So our proxy for routing is really our FlexRoute. And as you know, I've challenged the team to do – Anshul, what do you think? – 100 customers in the next year? How are we feeling about that? And my belief is we're kind of at the midpoint there. First quarter was single-digit customers, second quarter was double-digit, and I think we doubled again in Q4. So we're progressing nicely, and by this summer we're hoping to have 100 routing customers for the R Series. And I think that's a good proxy. I would say we're make tremendously good progress there and the R Series has probably been one of the fastest and most well-accepted new products in the history of our company.
Jayshree Ullal: It's very difficult to split up, because as I told you, the hardware and the platforms are used both for switching and routing.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Stanley. So, first of all, we take great pride in diverse silicon architectures. I think we've done 12 different ones with a very common abstraction layer and drivers. The Cavium XPliant is our latest edition. But as you know, we've done many before. We've done Jericho, before that Arad, then Trident, then Tomahawk, then Intel/Fulcrum, and so we're absolutely open to the most competitive silicon. We're very pleased with our partnership with Broadcom, and that tends to be the bulk of our silicon deployment. But we are equally cognizant of silicon diversity, and I don't think we completely answered Tal when he asked the question. The 7160 and AlgoMatch have some very interesting use cases for programmability at the leaf and also at a very attractive cost point. So together with our EOS, we are seeing some interesting applications there. I think in terms of international, we don't see lesser growth. We're seeing good growth. It's just that the cloud titans, in particular Microsoft, dwarf the growth because it's so big.
Jayshree Ullal: We prefer to let the market share data speak for itself. I don't think any of the analysts have published numbers, but how about we answer that question next month. It's probably – yeah, in March, we'll have a better idea. What....
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Erik. So speaking of Microsoft, they continue to be clearly a very important top customer. We did see linearity across the quarters in 2016. And the Microsoft year-end is usually mid-year. So we usually expect to see a strong Q2 or maybe, yeah, Q3 is the way it goes. I guess we thought we would see around 12% of our revenues, so clearly the Microsoft spend being high had an impact on our concentration being high. And so if we were to look at it this year, we expect it will be above 10%, but probably not as high as 16% in 2017 of our revenue. That would be my guess.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. I'll take the first one and probably Ita doesn't want to speculate on any margin above 65%. So the answer's no for the second. But on the first one, disaggregated, we've always said this, the misnomer on disaggregated is there's only a handful of customers with the development engineers and capability to do this, probably primarily our cloud titans. And so no, we haven't seen a lot of activity, but when we do – we do expect to see some this year. When we do, I think it'll be a handful of customers, single-digit, and really targeted at their custom environments and their engineering capability for application control.
Jayshree Ullal: No. Yeah, I think we didn't answer it fully, but we are very pleased with the partnership with HPE, from Meg Whitman downwards, executive level, at the field level, at the SE level, at the product level, the relationship is very strong. We have some execution to do. And I think it takes time. Hewlett-Packard has a lot of different switching product lines to consider their own, some of the other partners they had. They have stated that Arista is their preferred partner, but execution and engaging the customers takes time. So I think to see any kind of actual success on this, I've said this before, is probably second half of 2017 and 2018 before we see. And the way we'll measure it is not even material revenue, but customer wins. So we're looking at this across all regions and all theaters, and we see it as very synergistic, very complementary, and things have been going well. We're off to a good start, but a long ways to go on execution.
Jayshree Ullal: Hi, Simona. We're pleased with our capacity. We continue to build on it, and we always like to leverage both U.S. supply and international to the extent we can. And we can always make improvements there. In terms of lead times, they've come back to our normal ones as we predicted. So our normal lead times are anywhere from 4 to 10 weeks, depending on product.
Jayshree Ullal: I mean because we have so much intimacy with our customers, the answer is no. We're not seeing any pre-buys or unusual behavior. We improved our lead times. So at this point, they can order up to normal expectations.
Jayshree Ullal: Just to be clear, we had some prototype spend on new products that shifted from Q4 to Q1. So that's what kept the R&D flat.
