Charles Yager: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today’s call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks’ President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ita Brennan, Arista’s Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal fourth quarter ending December 31, 2020. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at our website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks’ management will make forward-looking statements including those relating to our financial outlook for the first quarter of the 2020 fiscal year, longer term financial outlooks, our total addressable market and strategy for addressing these market opportunities, the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business, our product innovation and the benefits of recent acquisitions, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jayshree.
Charles Yager: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time constraints, I’d like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question. Thank you for your understanding. Operator, take it away.
Charles Yager: Thanks, Jim. This concludes the Arista Q4 2020 earnings call. We have posted a presentation, which provides additional information, which you can access on the Investors section of our website. Thank you for joining us today.
Kenneth Duda: Thanks, Jayshree. A Zero Trust framework for security is top of mind at Arista. For so many years, networking vendors have focused, first and foremost, on providing connectivity that is making sure everything can talk to everything else. This was fine in the 1980s, but it makes no sense today where security is a greater concern than ever for many of our customers, more important than connectivity itself. Arista is addressing the needs of security-conscious operators by integrating security directly into our network devices so that the network is secure from day one without bolt-on security products. You've already heard about the Awake acquisition and progress in AI-driven network detection and response. I'd like to go a little deeper on this call into another innovative Arista security feature called Macro-Segmentation Service Groups, or MSSG. With MSSG, the operator assigns endpoints to segments. Based on the type of device that's connecting, the user of that device and/or the applications they are using. The operator then specifies a segmentation policy. Specifying which pairs of segments are permitted to communicate. For example, the policy might permit corporate engineering laptops to connect to manufacturing applications but not to the finance applications and not even to one another. MSSG enforces that policy uniformly, whether wired or wireless, whether on the campus or in the data center, on-premises or working remotely. The operator can change the policy, including reassigning an endpoint to a different segment without requiring any other changes to the network. In particular, the policy is completely independent of network address assignment, which can be quite important. For example, if the user device behaves suspiciously, it can be reassigned to an untrusted segment without triggering any network change events on the device so that the compromised device can be quarantined and investigated without tipping off the adversary that they have been detected. Arista's MSSG works with 100% standards-based packets without adding any proprietary headers, trailers, encapsulations, et cetera, and is thus, easy to deploy incrementally into existing networks. Finally, enforcement is implemented entirely in hardware for high-performance without relying on expensive switch TCAMs for classification, which has led to scale problems in competing solutions. Our view is that MSSG is an example of a larger trend in networking, where Moore's Law is enabling a larger and larger feature set to be integrated into mainstream, switching and routing devices. This integration is essential to move beyond security as an afterthought and provide solutions that are secure off the shelf. And I'm delighted in the role, Arista is able to play in helping customers address the challenges of building and operating a modern network, not just from a performance and scale perspective, but including so many other aspects such as visibility, manageability, monitoring, provisioning, process automation and, of course, security. Thanks. Back to you, Jayshree.
Kenneth Duda: Yes. I just wanted to add that we - our segmentation is simply the newest announcement that we've made in this area. But we have a robust portfolio of security features already, including hardware support for Mac second IPSEC to secure individual links, including multistage ACLs for advanced Packet classification, and several other features, wireless intrusion prevention. So I think that, customers are already able to build a fully secured network on, networking solutions. And that said, well, of course, be looking to partner, in the future with anyone who can help us build a more secure solution.
Kenneth Duda: Yes. Sure. No, I think that we're very well aware of those directions, and we're maximizing our relevance there in a couple of ways. The first is what's required for that whole computing model for scaling out your application horizontally across Kubernetes is a uniform physical networking fabric. You need low latency from physical edge to physical edge, regardless of where the Kubernetes clusters are deployed. And you need to be able to deploy them in a lot of different places, like you mentioned with edge compute.  Also some enterprises need to be on-premises for various reasons belong to same application architecture that they use in the cloud as well. And so there's a need to have this same sort of repeatable rollout process of the underlying infrastructure for those Kubernetes-based environments, whether it's on-prem, edge compute or in the cloud. And that's what we've achieved with CloudVision studios. So I don't know if we've talked about this much in the context of the earnings call.  But CloudVision studios enables us to -- enabled our customers to create automation frameworks, so they can easily spin up new fabric deployments, new pods and absolutely with supporting Kubernetes in mind.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. Ryan, as we said, we have been constrained much of 2020, starting with March. So this has been a real issue for the entire supply chain. We have products with extremely large lead times that we plan ahead for. And I would be remiss, if I didn't say we while we have some great partners, that the semiconductor supply chain is still constrained. Ita and her team, as well as Anshul and the team have taken some very important steps, to build out our inventory for some of these long lead time components, but we could use a lot more parts than we still have.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. I think the simple answer, Jason, is it is both. We've been making multiyear investments on both the product side. First of all, both in the data center but also going beyond the data center to different roles and use cases. And Anshul and Chris Schmidt, and Ashwin and the team have been building out our capacity, both in the US and internationally. But I would say the third thing that's also clicking is our best-of-breed product capability. It's one thing to invest in it, but customers are really resonating with a single OS, cloud vision being a huge differentiator. We just crossed over 1,000 CloudVision customers since we started shipping this product a few years ago. So I think the ability to not just build a great network, but to operate it, and for them to experience that quality of experience has made it much more complete. So I would say great products, great go-to-market and then a high-quality operation and experience.
Jayshree Ullal: Providers are doing well for us. They tend to be seasonal. It depends on when a provider is investing. So I think our specialty providers, some of them are coming back very strong, and they had less investments the prior year. And some of them are also recognizing that they need to be a specialty cloud, just as the name suggests. And not rely on the public cloud. So it's effect we are feeling more optimistic about.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Amit, I think it's really all about kind of if you look at the trend from last year, I mean, it was really a year of two halves, right? You had some very constrained lower numbers in the first half. And then, obviously, we started to recover and exit the year with a very respectable revenue top line number. So a lot of it has to do with the comps. I think you have to think about it more this year, just in terms of progress as we move through the year than necessarily trying to target a particular year-over-year growth rate, just because of how the volatility that we saw in 2020.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay, Jeff, we'll try to address your two-part question, we'll do our best. So specific to Wifi, we view this as a very important component of our overall cognitive workspaces portfolio, but we are not competing directly with Cisco or Aruba or anybody else on the controller based traditional WiFi architecture. So our approach to WiFi has been very much like our approach to optics. We're not an optical vendor, but we view WiFi and optics as an accessory to provide that cognitive inference, AI-driven architecture so that you can seamlessly connect across wired and WiFi. So CloudVision supports wired and WiFi. We have a unified edge that supports wired and Wifi. Our WiFi will lead to migration as customers may need into LTE or 4G or 5G. So to us, WiFi is almost a technology and a feature, not a market segment, but it's critical to bringing our wired, wireless, unified leaf spine architecture that we extended from the data center into the campus. So I think our competitors are looking at it more traditionally, and we're looking at modern workspaces. As for SD-WAN, we've been very clear that we are not in that market space. We look at some of the SD-WAN attributes of features and an extension of our WAN routing. So -- but other than that, we're not in that low-end market where we're supplying branch offices to SMBs like VeloCloud or Meraki Might.
Jayshree Ullal: Sami, I think we told you we wanted to achieve at least $100 million in 2020, and we certainly achieved that. In fact, we exceeded it. And our goal is to double that in this year, and we'll give you more quantification as the year progresses. So we're on track. We're executing well. I won't say it's changed dramatically. Obviously, COVID has slowed down some of the large campus decision-making, but I think it's going to get better.
Jayshree Ullal: And Paul, as you know, the two types of software. There's the perpetual licenses, where we do some monitoring with what we call DANZ, Data Analyzer that's built in with our switches and routers. And then there's a subscription. So unlike many of our peers, we're not just converting perpetual into subscription. Our subscription-based software is really new markets, new markets like our Big Switch, DANZ monitoring, fabric, CloudVision, obviously, multi-cloud US router. And then we're very, very excited about the recent acquisition of Awake Security.  So the revenue will trail the subscription, but -- and we're obviously starting off a small number. So it would be remiss if we didn't grow double-digits on those small numbers. We expect to grow much faster than our 14% to 15% annual growth that Ita described. I believe we leave that when we show our execution.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, what I did say is between A-Care Services, software renewals and all of these software, we expected it to be in the 25% range looking ahead. 
Jayshree Ullal: And again, I think it's important to think of that as trends, not exact revenue because revenue lags the bookings.
Jayshree Ullal: And I just want to acknowledge that the manufacturing team, led by John McCool is doing a really good job with Anshul's leadership. We're doing the best we can, but we haven't recovered.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Actually, Samik, that's a really good question. Many enterprise customers are looking at us as the thought leader on how they should proceed with their workloads in the cloud. So I think by virtue of being consultative with them, what we're finding is some workloads move to the cloud, but many of them end up creating more data center capability that they need for some of their premise workloads. So this enterprise number that we are sharing absolutely includes more than campus. It includes existing customers, land and expand as well as new logos. We had one of our best ever quarters on not only new customer logos, but million dollar customers. So you can imagine that wasn't just campus, and so there was a lot of data center in there.
Jayshree Ullal: As we said in the opening remarks, our goal is, together with campus for this adjacent sector to be 10% to 15% of our business, looking forward. And also remember, we struggled a little bit with how to count routing. So we try to be very disciplined about counting routing only when there's routing. So if it's combined with switching, it still goes into core.
Jayshree Ullal: Aaron, I think that's an excellent question. Given we got burned the last time, on some of the forecasts, and we do think that we are going to take a much more pragmatic view. And our view is really that it's a multiyear spend, not just in 2021. So there's clearly going to be some good CapEx improvements from 2020 to 2021 specifically, but we're not counting at all for this year.
Jayshree Ullal: And typically, there's a lag of a few quarters, right? So the CapEx can be building, cooling, air conditioning, server storage before we think of the network.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. No, Tim, that's a really good question. I think we will rely very much on our sales force and our strength with our existing customers to achieve adjacency in campus. And the same is true for routing as well. It's a very natural way to go because it's a directed sale for large big bets and segments of customers. However, we will complement that so while on adjacencies will rely on our 7,000 or more customers. In the case of campus, we're spending a lot of time and energy on how to augment that with channels and partner distribution. And in the case of software and subscription services, it's not always connected. So Anshul and the team are putting a fair amount of effort on not really just hiring salespeople, but creating systems engineering expertise. So building that expertise for DMS, building that for a week is an important aspect because often, they may be the same customer, but they may be a different decision maker. So that go-to-market is a little more nuanced for the software and subscription, but somewhat similar for the adjacency.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, I think, George, I've always said this, there's a strong correlation, especially with our cloud customers on 100-gig and 400-gig being tied as we move to a 400-gig spine, you still need a lot of 100-gig tributaries. And in the past, that besides COVID, we haven't had effective available optics. I think all of that is shifted 400-gig by a year, but this is a year we really see 400-gig will be deployed, especially in the second half. Just to give this in context, while we have over 7,000 customers, we have about 75 customers already deploying 400-gig in some fashion. So it's about 1% or less than 1% of our aggregate base, and so 100-gig will continue to be relevant as we augment with 400-gig, both in our high-end cloud and enterprise and service providers.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. And a lot of this is built upfront, and it's a two to three-year type kind of term contract term, if you like, and usually, we're collecting kind of -- we're billing and collecting cash upfront so far. I mean, that may change over time, depending on the size of the customer. But so far, that's kind of been the model.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Jim, thank you for the good wishes. So the trends are not exact revenue for Q4, but it is our best indicator of how we think the year ahead will roll out. So we'll keep updating it every quarter to give you an idea of not how it's rolling out, but how it's actually turning out. So there is three sectors in that, right? The first sector is cloud titans, because it's big enough. You just have to look at that number, individual of others. The second is enterprise and financials together, which is the other 36; and the third is specialty cloud and service providers together. So if you look at Q4, we believe all of the three sectors contributed strongly to the number. And if you look ahead, obviously, as Anshul has pointed out, the cloud titans are vital to our growth, but they're operating off a large base. So we should be able to grow faster in the other sectors and still carry a large number in cloud titans.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. Jason, our work with the cloud titans collaboration, co-development partnership is coming along fairly well, both for 400-gig as well as 200-gig, we believe we will start to see these ramping second half of the year. And we believe we will do well with the cloud. The Cloud Titan numbers for us are already large. So obviously, you'll never have seen growth rates, but we believe our business will remain solid with them.
Anshul Sadana: That's it. We've been fairly transparent with what happened there on the CD cycle changes their plans for deployments and so on. And I think actually, everything rolled out, as we had stated almost four quarters ago.
Anshul Sadana: Absolutely. Fahad, your question is right on point, but it is a sort of a futuristic discussion, because this is not something that's going to happen in the next one or two years. Customers always like to collapse layers in the network because that is significant saving on cost and power. At the same time, their to larger clusters, which results in adding layer. And as a result of that, we have a balanced that as you may know, our largest switch can support 230 terabits of throughput in a single switch. And for some of these large Cloud Titans, that's still not big enough. They would like bigger to Save one more layer of the network. So we're constantly engaged in these discussions as we move from 50-gig SerDes, which is where we are today, the 400-gig cord to 100-gig SerDes. Some of these architectural points will come up. But I think, by the end, this really hits, it may be when 224 gigs ears come out, that's at least six years out, maybe five. It's very hard to predict that. And that's when I think you'll see some of these changes.
Anshul Sadana: Just it's pretty much so everything else at the data center, the cloud connecting to the backbone, backbone to the Internet, the Internet connecting to pivot points and then to the service providers and DS customers. I think we're actually doing fairly well, marching along that journey. There's a lot that has been done. There's still a lot more to be done, but I think we do very well keep growing in that space.
Anshul Sadana: Aaron, what I would say here is, do not try to correlate us short-term to any cloud titan spend because they can spend their CapEx in many different ways. And it's only correlated to our business in the long-term, never in the short term.
Ita Brennan: And Amit, just to add to that, yes, we are confident of our position with Cloud Titans. But as you know, our near-term visibility is always better than our long-term. So we'll know better as we go quarter-by-quarter. And I'm looking forward on sure to you raising the forecast.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I mean I think, look, it's more of an extended lead time environment than it is anything else, right? And we're working very closely with customers to make sure that we're not losing business, right, that we're actually planning carefully with them and prioritizing what's most important to them, right? So I think we had hoped, if we talked this time last quarter, we had hoped to see more of a recovery in the fourth quarter than we did just because we saw more COVID-related disruptions around -- we lost some manufacturing capacity on and off because of COVID activities in different locations. The supply chain, some of the suppliers into that supply chain, sell that as well, right? So it's just -- I don't know that it's that's different to where we have been. And as we head into Q1, I think we're in a similar position. So there's no great disruption to the numbers, I think, coming out of changes in that environment. We just didn't make maybe as much progress as we would have liked, right? So we're continuing to just stay close to customers and prioritize, but we're also trying to make sure we don't lose business as part of that.
Ita Brennan: I mean the driver in the uptick in Q4 was really around services and services renewals, right? I mean Q4 is a big typically a fairly large renewal quarter, and we had some larger customers renew prior period renewals of services. That's by far the biggest driver. There's a little bit of product, but it is small. Just pure new customer, new product stuff, but that's a much, much smaller part of it, right? It's really more services and the services.
Ita Brennan: Sure, Ben. I think the biggest and most attractive verticals for the software subscription would be enterprises and financials. I love to get it into others as well, but these would be the two big areas of target. And there's clearly a lot of verticals in there, sub verticals, and we're already seeing a lot of interest in the financial markets for that software and subscription, and I expect we'll see many more.
