Charles Yager: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal second-quarter ending June 30, 2021. If you'd like a copy of the release, you can access it online at our website.  During the course of this conference call, Arista Network's management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the third quarter of the 2021 fiscal year, longer-term financial outlooks for 2021 and beyond, our total addressable market, and strategy for addressing these market opportunities, the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business, product innovation, and the benefits of the acquisition, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements.  These forward-looking statements apply as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Charles Yager: Thank you Ita. We're now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista Earnings Call. Due to time constraints, I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question. Thank you for your understanding. Operator, take it away.
Charles Yager: This concludes the Arista Q2,2021 Earnings Call. We have posted a presentation which provides additional information on our Fiscal results, which you can access on the Investors section of our website. Thank you for joining us today.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Charles. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon for our second quarter 2021 earnings call. I hope you're all being safe and vaccinated in these post-pandemic times, especially with the resurgence of the Delta variant. I would also like to take this opportunity to warmly welcome Liz Stein, our new Director of Investor Relations Advocacy, working closely with Charles. Liz is a long time Aristian with deep networking expertise and most recently ran our South-Central Region as the systems engineering manager.  Welcome, Liz. Back to Q2 2021 specifics. We delivered revenues of 707.3 million for the quarter with a record non-GAAP Earnings per Share of $2.72, [A-Care] (ph) services and software renewals contributed approximately 22% of revenue. Our non-GAAP Gross margin of 55.2% was influenced by the enterprise momentum and software and services contribution. We are pleased with the healthy customer traction, including new customer logos and record million-dollar customers in the mainstream enterprises.  In Q2 2021, Cloud Titans were our largest vertical. The enterprise was a close second, followed by financial and specialty cloud providers tied at third place and service provider at fourth place. The international contribution was strong at 27%, with the Americas at 73% for the quarter. We surpassed a accumulative of 50 million cloud networking ports shipments this quarter. And we consider this to be a key golden milestone.  In light of the industry-wide supply chain shortages and escalating cost of components, freight and expedite logistics, I would like to invite John McCool, our Senior Vice President, and Chief Platform Officer, to shed some more light on our manufacturing execution. Welcome, John.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, John. We really appreciate the diligent and disciplined work that you and the entire manufacturing team have stepped up to. We welcome Susan Hayes, your newest Vice-President of Manufacturing as a strong addition. We also thank our customers for their patience and understanding during our lead time constraints and will strive to keep doing better as we recover in the second half of 2022.  Our enterprise customer momentum has never been stronger. Continuing on our theme of enterprise wins, I would like to share with you 3 examples of strength and success. The first win was in the retail sector for both data center and campus. We began with the data center win with Arista’s hallmark EOS, for DANS or data analysis switching and routing. We expanded in 2021 the cognitive campus for both power over Ethernet wired switches and our wireless, providing a natural expansion into these use cases. Retail markets cannot tolerate downtime with the magnitude of IoT proliferation they have.  Arista was able to perform real-time upgrades without downtime across 100 plus stores and warehouses. In the absence of retail, remote staff [in hand] (ph) we drove automation across all these stores with open APIs and CloudVision. Our second win was a major U.S. financial for both data center and routing. Arista continues to expand its enterprise routing use cases, not just supporting with data center with Arista EOS features, but also a more software-led, simplified, automated deployment of core routing in the spine using standard-based routing protocols with VXLAN, EVPN, and Multicast.  Our customer was able to rapidly migrate from Legacy to Arista within a few months, enabling billions of transactions. An international media and entertainment campus win included a customer who wanted an extension of their data center in the campus with a simple operating system, easy to scale, common spine deployment using CloudVision. This customer took a build-as-you-go approach for flexibility and visibility. This also included device access for back-to-work applications with our cognitive Wi-Fi.  In all of these three examples, enterprise customers often prefer an alternative, and Arista was chosen as the disruptor with superior product capability and a cohesive client-to-cloud strategy to unify SILO datasets consistently. Arista's innovations combined with high quality and support are becoming the gold standard for customers to build cognitive cloud networking. According to industry experts, Arista continues to gain switching market share across large enterprises and providers. We're proud to be the number 1 market leader in 100 Gigabit Ethernet ports for the fifth consecutive year.  We see 2021 as the first year of inflection for higher speeds, ranging from 100 to 200 to 400-gigabit after 18 months of trials. We have now shipped more than 2.5 million ports of high-performance port in the first half of 2021, according to analysts; placing us also at number 1 leadership in the combined 100-gig, 200-gig, and 400-gigabit ethernet high-performance cloud switching. In summary, Arista is well-positioned for the next phase of our growth in cloud and data-driven networking. We do this with proactive platforms, predictive operations, and a prescriptive experience. And we believe we are poised to achieve increasing market share with greater business diversification. And while the path forward is paved with supply chain obstacles, volatile customer demand, and your normal typical competitive tactics, I believe Arista, which means to be great in Greek, will live up to its name, and with our A-game, our A customers, and our A-team. With this, I'll pass it over to Ita, our Chief Financial Officer for financial specifics.
Jayshree Ullal: Depending on the part, we are experiencing component levels of increase across the board, campus, routing, switching, data center, you name it. And they're at the component level. Now, we're going to try and absorb as much of it and offset as much of it as we can, and not pass it onto our customers if we can help it, except in modest levels. But I don't think it's anything more than across-the-board.
Jayshree Ullal: Amit I think the way to think of this is if you want commodity 100-gig without our software stack, and you just want to buy basic vanilla stuff, you'll continue. But if you really appreciate our collaboration, our engineering, our innovation, and our software stack, then that's when Arista gets chosen.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Aaron. Thank you for the wishes. Wish we could ship more. I think the real issue to think of subscription is a long-term indicator of not necessarily just revenue, but the stickiness of our business, right? When you look at CloudVision -- Cloud U.S., what we are doing with network detection and response to an AI-driven security, or Big Switch acquisition with DANZ Monitoring Fabric. These are all, if you will, layered icing on the cake.  And the icing contributes a good margin and obviously has a long-term one-year, or two-year, or three-year subscription so the revenue shows up a little bit later. But the bookings are very strong because you can imagine from that, so we'll continue to see strong software service renewals as well from our A-Care. And so, the two together, we believe we've always said, will be a 20% to 25% contributor to the business.
Jayshree Ullal: First of all, thank you. Historicals aside, I think all our five verticals are doing well. In that, I would highlight Cloud Titans and Enterprise is stronger, but that doesn't take away from the contribution and success we are having with Specialty Cloud financials or the service providers. I guess it's a case of rising tides raise everything, so all of them are contributing well. Relative to our Q3, demand is strong, wish we could ship more, but I wouldn't compare it necessarily to our last Q3 in the post-pandemic era, I would just say on the basis of large numbers, we're doing well.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, Fahad, I'm not in a position to talk about competitors. Maybe they'll share that with you. They really don't with us. But I will say that we're going to try our best to absorb the costs. On selective models, we will have to where the increases are significant increase prices slightly, but we don't expect the impact on that on our backlog or existing Inventory. So, the real impact of any changes we make will impact our gross margin or our price changes next year.
Jayshree Ullal: I think Paul, you summarized it very well. Actually, the team is doing a great job in both diversifications across all our sectors. And while Microsoft and Facebook are very strategic, very important customers, we have other Cloud Stack and customers also.
Jayshree Ullal: Sami, I think the message we'd really like to convey is demand is strong; we're doing well. We need to execute on our shipments and we can only approach this -- our shipments one quarter at a time because our supply chain is so constrained.
Jayshree Ullal: As Ita said, a lot of our inventory costs will be realized later and -- this year and next year. The gross margin would actually be more pressured when that higher cost is realized. And so, then if we have a really good enterprise mix, we could be on the better side of 63 to 65. If we have a high cloud mix, then I don't rule out the possibility of being on the lower side of 63 to 65, right? Recognizing that the costs are really --
Jayshree Ullal: -- really going to enter. And nobody is predicting the semiconductor supply costs of shortages are going away in 2022.
Jayshree Ullal: I don't know the answer to that, Jason, but I think given the business diversification we have, the planning of one type of customer will not affect the planning of others. So, I'm hoping that some of them are planning for 2022 and some are planning for ahead in 2023. And so, the air pockets will balance off, if you will.
Jayshree Ullal: That's right. It's very much, as Ita says, a-land-and - expand situation. You don't just land and then buy nothing from a long time.
Jayshree Ullal: No, we haven't. We could do a lot better. I -- government is not big for us, but it's mixed into our enterprise momentum. It has improved year-over-year, but in terms of any kind of contribution or a large concentration we are a long way to go.
Jayshree Ullal: So, we decided to go annually rather than quarterly, Tal. But it's staying within the annual targets we gave. I believe we said it was 34 to 39, we bracketed it. That's the contribution from Cloud Titans -- 34% to 39%.
Jayshree Ullal: It would be a false signal if you said it was high, low, or medium. I think on an annual basis, it's a much better number and the growth will be good. It'll definitely be double-digits.
Jayshree Ullal: Well, it’s actually more than Cloud Titans. I think Arista has been trialing 200 and 400-gig since Q4 2019, if I remember, when Andy was here and we talked about the whole Portfolio products. So, this combination of 10 -- not 10 -- 100,200,400, we expect to see a significant increase. Just to give you some context here, we had about 75 customers last year and we expect that to triple to quadruple this year in customers. That's way more than the Cloud Titans.
Jayshree Ullal: What addition I'd like to make on the non-Cloud Titans sidemen know you're more focused on that is many times they'd make sure they buy a product that's 200,400 or even 800-gig capable, but they'll deploy only 100-gig. What's clearly happening now is customers are getting ready for the highest speeds independent on how they deploy them in timing.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, I think in the short-term, it’s very much relationship-tied to Azure. But there's nothing that precludes, particularly with their investments in 5G and some of the recent acquisitions we made. It -- as you know, service providers are a long-term test of our patience. But when you win them, you win them well.  We are seeing our own personal wins independent on Microsoft very much tied to upgrade to 5G where we are the back -- the core routing and platform and spine. But specific to Microsoft, I think it will take time. It will probably emerge in the next several years. Today, it’s primarily Azure.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks, Kyle. Now cloud I -- Cloud U.S. is an example of a very strategic software platform, but it's very, very tiny in ports, and it has more to do with our multi-cloud hybrid network strategy where almost every one of these enterprise customers also had some premise strategies. So, I would say the strong influence of millions of ports is still on the mainstream platforms, and Cloud U.S. is on top of that to connect into multi-cloud.
Anshul Sadana: Yes, I would say we're not seeing order pull-ins or if customers doing it, they won't tell us. It's much more the non-binding demand signals we get is where the discussions happen with customers. That's how we get our visibility from them.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. The companies that visit on white boxes are fairly sophisticated, so they're not short on talent. If they are committed to a mission, they will go ahead with it. I don't believe if any changes happen in the industry, it will be simply because the next-gen is harder to boot. But it's much more about the collaboration we have with the vendor co-development partnership we have here. And we've talked about it in the past, and nothing has changed on that front. We are moving along on our mission. And the few situations where customers consider buying from the outside, that will take a few years to actually materialize. No big change here expected.
Anshul Sadana: I just said things are very constrained, but I think what's happened is the world supply chain never planned for this big mismatch in supply and demand. And as a result, when you run into a crunch, people try to book ahead and plan to [Indiscernible] offers and so on. But this is not an industry where you can react in one quarter. The -- this will last a long time to [Indiscernible] industry predicting maybe recovery in 2023 but who knows what demand will be at that time? Could be in it and prepared for a longer run.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. Well, what a difference a year makes over the, despite the COVID impacts? But the Cloud Titans is serving a strong upgrade cycle at 400-gig and planning their transitions. And not just 400, but mix of 100,200,400. And the customers themselves are surprised that the end demand is so strong for their businesses.  That's been a good upside for us, and famous super enterprise. We've talked about enterprise for quite some time. But we're quite happy with the adoption by our customers, both in our primary deals in the market growth, also expand into campus, into monitoring into facility. And we have a long way to go. It's a very the large time, and we're just getting started there, so that keeps us very positive on the growth in that area too.
Anshul Sadana: Simon, this is a contract award 10-years. It's not as if we saw any significant change in the last year related to that. In addition, the contract -- the Jedi program might be gone, but there's so many other programs the government is doing with [Indiscernible] companies. So, it just gets mixed into the noise. We don't really see -- we never saw any big upside s. I don't think there's any big downside either.
Anshul Sadana: No, but in this case, this wasn't going through us. This was going through one of our cloud customers, which is why we don't see it direct.
Anshul Sadana: I thought you'd say you're very happy with the results so far, and there's more upside expected. Look, we're doing well with our customers. Segregation has been good. You know it is a competitive market, and despite that, the country will do very well with both our hardware design, our supply products, and especially our U.S. software. There's no big change. I mentioned this last as well. We're maintaining status quo in terms of customers. If the customers grew, we grow with them.  We obviously don't control that aspect and can't focus on their behalf. But otherwise, it's more of moving on the next [Indiscernible] architecture with these entities. And while you think of them as Cloud Titans, internally, we think of each one as a market. There's that big and there's so much complexity. But no, there's no big announcement we're making or about to make over here. There are so many key milestones that need to be achieved before that can be done on anything that's dramatic or a big shift.
Anshul Sadana: Well, I think it's important to note that when the world went to 100-gig in 2016,2017,100-gig was very much compatible -- backward compatible with 40-gig. It cost the same as 40-gig. It was the same power consumption as 40-gig, better than no-brainer --
Anshul Sadana: -- upgrade. 200 and 400-gig are not the same. The Companies that are going, they’re the ones absolutely needed. And there were other technologies involved like the ZR optics needed for data connections, one which were constrained last year and earlier this year as well. Which is why this adoption goes very different, and it's not at every layer of the network. And I would not model that on the 2016,2017 cycles. These are different upgrade cycles. Which is why if you ever come back to what -- to, I think, the combined 100,200,400, they’re winning a lot in 100-gig using new next-gen products as well. And that is very much material and matters.
Anshul Sadana: Yes. Alex, the way our customers buy ZR optics -- and as you know, we’ve been involved in these architectures since the 2016,2017-time frame for 100-gig,100-kilometer optics. The Cloud Companies, especially launched these in the '90s and early 2000s. They do not like bundled solutions, they like to disaggregate -- to desegregate every layer, not just white boxes. And the optics and the switches are not allowed to be built in a bundled manner. They would run on separate RFP for each one. Here, we come -- they have to be independently competitive at each clear to when. Which is why this is not a concern. And as we mentioned, optically large time and other Companies can participate. We don't have to be - have our work cut out.
Ita Brennan: Yeah, I think if you look at last year, I mean, given the year that it was, you saw a very significant uptick in Q3, was up 12% or something quarter-over-quarter. That was just more of an a semblance of what was happening with COVID at the time.
Ita Brennan: I think the Q3 guide, 20% -- 21% of the midpoint year-over-year, that's a good place to start. Yeah.
Ita Brennan: Yes. I mean, I think it is a little early to start getting too specific about 2022. This year did have an unusual slope to it just because of the pandemic and how 2020 played out. We're putting up some very good numbers now this year, that's obviously setting a good base for us to grow off next year. Bear that in mind, but the business is solid, it's strong demand. I think we're executing well and it's broader; it's across the verticals. We'll probably take a shot at giving you some book ends next quarter for 2022, but it's just a little too early yet.
Ita Brennan: I think for the year now when you layer in Q3 and you think about Q4, you can probably get to a reasonable view of the year. I don't know that we want to put a specific number on it, but you can get there. Once we give you the Q3 number, it becomes a lot easier. In terms of how much, clearly, lead times are very extended, it's always hard to compare that to some kind of normal world. We can obviously do more revenue if lead times weren't that extended; how much -- it's really hard to put a number on it, I don't think we're going to try to put a number on that.
Ita Brennan: Yes. We've given you Q3 at the midpoint and there's clearly growth their quarter-over-quarter. Again, we're not trying to guide too far, but Q4 is usually a good -- a good strong quarter. So, I leave you to draw your own conclusions from that, but I think we've pretty much laid it out for the year.
Ita Brennan: Yeah, I think Rod, on the supply chain stuff, we did have some significant supply chain impacts even in Q2, it just was more than offset by the customer mix. But I think as we look forward, we are paying more for certain components that's better than normal and that cost will get recognized whenever we ship those components and the products that are in those -- those components are incorporated into.  So, we will see some drag on gross margin probably for some time just given the inventory and purchase commitment levels that we have. We are -- that mix is healthier. The enterprise mix is helping to offset that, but customer mix is still by far the biggest driver. So, if we have a quarter where there's a heavy cloud mix you are going to see pressure on that gross margin number for the quarter, but I think over time we feel like we can stay in that 63% to 65% range. And that's a good, safe place to be.
Ita Brennan: Yeah, again I think the biggest driver will be the customer mix. On a quarter where there's heavy customer mix, you could be back at 64, you could even be below that. But again, it will be because of a particular mix in a particular quarter, so I think the range is still very valid. The 52 plus -- the 65 plus that we saw this quarter is a really good, solid enterprise mix that's helping to offset some stuff. You will see -- gross margin is going to move around a bit over time, but I think we're still very comfortable in that range.
Ita Brennan: It's pretty hard to look at it on a quarter-over-quarter basis. The cloud and the cloud contribution to growth is our most important. Enterprise is becoming more important. But I don't think we want to try and do that on quarter by quarter.
Ita Brennan: Yeah. It's not really related to the supply side stuff. It's more about new customers, new used cases, new products. That's what drives that number. I mean it is kind of -- even in Q2, if you look at it, some of that stuff was recognized and then we added other new stuff. So, there is kind of some churn underneath as that -- off that balance. But I don't expect us to take any revenue, net revenue if you like, out of that bucket in Q3. We'll see what happens in Q4, that’s a bit further out. But I think given the comments in the script around how that balance is build, I think we've got lots of new stuff happening. I think it's probably unlikely that we would be depleting that balance this year.
