Charles Yager: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks' President and Chief Executive Officer; Ita Brennan, Arista's Chief Financial Officer; and Andy Bechtolsheim, Arista's Chairman and Chief Development Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results for its fiscal third quarter 2018. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at the company's website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the fourth quarter of the 2018 fiscal year, industry innovations, our market opportunity, the benefits of recent acquisitions and the impact of litigation, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, and which would cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. These forward-looking statements apply as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Charles Yager: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time constraints, I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question.
Charles Yager: This concludes the Arista Q3 2018 earnings call. I want to mention that we also have posted a presentation which provides additional information on our fiscal results, which you can access on the Investor section our website.
Andy Bechtolsheim: Thanks, Jayshree. 400-gig Ethernet is the next step in the evolution of Ethernet, delivering four times better scalability and density and up to two times the price performance and power efficiency of our existing 100-gig Ethernet products. One of the great things about 400-gig E is that it really showcases our ability to rapidly bring new switch silicon to market that is fully supported by our market-leading EOS network operating system. This means that customers can deploy the latest Arista 400-gig Ethernet switches in their production networks with confidence. Going forward, we expect rapid evolution of new merchant silicon for 400-gig. Our ability to quickly release new switches based on the latest merchant silicon with fully supported EOS software is a key competitive advantage with short merchant switch silicon lifecycles. While we are very excited about the 400-gig growth opportunity, we do expect to see a lot of 400-gig qualification activity in the first half of 2019, with initial 400-gig production deployments in the second half. The 400-gig ramp in 2019 is also constrained by the volume availability of 400-gig optics, which so far are only available in prototype quantities. Please keep in mind that customers are not waiting for 400-gig to build out their networks. We are still in the midst of a major network upgrade cycle to 100-gigabit Ethernet, which is expected to continue to ramp strongly next year, with industry analysts expecting shipments of more than 16 million 100-gig ports in 2019, compared to less than 1 million 400-gig reports. So, clearly, it will take some time for 400-gig to ramp up. In summary, we at Arista are very excited about the benefits 400-gig offers to our customers and we expect to take a leading role in the rollout of 400-gig Ethernet in 2019 and beyond.
Andy Bechtolsheim: Yeah. The other thing is the demand for 400-gig clearly comes primarily from the cloud where we have a strong footprint and there's virtually no demand from legacy enterprise for 400-gig. Cloud customers in particular have little time for experimenting with new software platforms and greatly prefer to go with trusted solutions.
Andy Bechtolsheim: Oh. The optics are not yet in volume production and it remains to be seen how quickly they ramp up here. You realize there's a ramp-up cycle for the whole supply chain, the optics vendors have to order the parts, they have to make the models and so on, they are waiting for purchase orders. So our current belief is that the supply will only reach what you would consider volume in the second half of next year.
Andy Bechtolsheim: Okay. And then on your question on the 400-gig expectations, I would like to refer you to the market analysts like Dell'Oro and others that have modeled and predicted this in fair detail. One thing I can mention here is that the crossover in bandwidth shift between 400-gig and the 100-gig is currently projected to be in 2021. So it will take some time for 400-gig to come up to the same level of bandwidth as the 100-gig. 100-gig, if you look at these reports, is ramping extremely strongly based on the fact that it's fully available, fully qualified for optics (27:24) volumes, et cetera. So, a large cloud company or a customer that wants to deploy a new data center really has no choice. They will deploy this as 100-gig today because that's the only way they can buy hundred thousands of optics and so on each quarter. Whereas on the 400-gig side, it will take some time to get to those kind of volumes. In addition, I would like to observe that for brownfield data centers, meaning if you upgrade an existing data centers, it's easy to stay with the same speed throughout the data center. So, most likely those data centers will stay with 100-gig for some time. For a greenfield data center, you have a choice. You can start with 400-gig but, again, only when those components are available in sufficient volume.
Andy Bechtolsheim: Yeah. On the cloud customer question, we cannot disclose the name of our cloud customers. But I think we have said repeatedly that the competitive environment in this market hasn't really changed. Obviously, every cloud customer is extremely concerned about network reliability, resilience, up-time, et cetera. And my belief is that our fundamental competitive advantage is our EOS operating system which delivers those qualities.
Andy Bechtolsheim: Yeah, meaning, you can't beat the latency of an FPGA for those types of applications which include both Wall Street type applications and also very precise traffic monitoring and network visibility kind of applications. So it may not be the biggest market, but it's a very important one, it's a key market for many of our customers.
Andy Bechtolsheim: Yeah. I believe that the lower numbers include optics connected to the port. So, when we talk about $1,800, that's purely the switch port excluding the optics.
Andy Bechtolsheim: The optics cost more than the switch port typically, in some cases significantly more. So there's a gap there, right? But going back to your question, I think the best thing you can do is read multiple market research reports. Some of them talk more to the cloud people in particular or more on top of the cloud developments than perhaps others. There's just a lot of momentum right now on 100-gigabit, which is also reflected in these reports. And the reality is the 400-gig can only be deployed once the optics and all the systems are available in high volume, because a volume deployment for a large cloud customer is like 100,000 ports a quarter, right? And you can't buy 100,000 optics right now a quarter. So it takes a while for the supply chain to simply catch up with those kind of numbers. And with 100-gig, all the optics and all the systems are available in high volume today and ramping. So it takes time. But both are growing and they are incremental to each other. I wouldn't say one is displacing the other one already.
Jayshree Ullal: And we are very Switzerland and neutral. Andy and the team are supporting both OSFP and DD-QSFP. So, both have advantages depending on where you're starting from. So, Arista will support both.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. So, let me try and take on both questions and I'll hand it to Ita for further clarification if needed. On the competitive front, obviously, we're not the experts on implementation. But to the best of our understanding, the announcement was only made yesterday. Some of the models use internal silicon and some of them use non-Broadcom merchant silicon. So they are not really a direct comparison to Arista's introductions. And on the tariff side, yes, we're applying a universal 3.3% adder worldwide because a lot of our components are affected worldwide as well as our PCBs. So it's not just U.S.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. It's a good question, Srini, even though it gets asked many times. It still remains one of the most popularly asked questions. As you know, our cloud customers have been adopting Arista unabated for over five years. It's not a one-quarter phenomena. It's a 25-quarter phenomena. We don't see any near-term signs of that changing nor the predicted concerns. It is true that we don't track one-to-one with their cloud CapEx. And remember now that despite the lumpiness of the Cloud Titans, and we have many of them, we are comfortable with the continued spend because there are multiple use cases. And we expect this to continue this quarter and early 2019, given our typical two-quarter visibility.
Jayshree Ullal: It's more an offset to – otherwise we take a bigger hit in margin. So we're absorbing some of the costs and passing on some is the way to look at it, Ittai. So, Ittai, to address your campus question, as we've often said, lot of excitement on the architecture, a lot of excitement on the acquisition of Mojo, not material in revenue this year or the first half of 2019 has been our consistent statement, and that is true. Having said that, since our last update, we have introduced the X3 Spline as we call it. This is used both in campus use cases and in data center cases, comes in a modular and fixed form factor, and that has been very well received and is in early trials in the campus. Customers are excited about that.
Jayshree Ullal: I mean, I think the general answer is no, that the tariff is not a reason to choose or not choose Arista products. And in particular on the campus, majority of our business, almost all, is data center. So there's no correlation to be made on data center products or campus products to the tariffs, Sam.
Jayshree Ullal: And perhaps it will help to Mitch, if you look at both of these as tuck-in acquisitions, one's going to help our campus overall and one is already helping our financials since we're in high-frequency trading and low-latency applications already.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, I think Arista is becoming more and more committed to the federal market, not only in the U.S. but worldwide. We have completed a lot of important certifications. So we see this as a big opportunity and one we fully intend to invest in. Obviously, we'll be responsible about reporting wins and losses. Until something's public, we won't really comment on rumors or protests. So, can't say anything about specific wins and losses, but definitely an important segment for us worldwide. We're doing well in many parts and many international theaters as well.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. Thanks, Alex. Although the Cloud Titans is a composition of many customers, Microsoft has always been our number one customer and I believe it'll continue to be our number one in a very solid fashion in 2018 and will be well over 10%.
Jayshree Ullal: Alex, it's probably a little early for the level of detail you are looking at. And I promise I'll answer that question next year better. And I've been personally involved in this. The pattern match I see is many of them have, like the data center, an architectural need to shift and change, where they've got the classic three-tiered model and they want to move to the leaf spine or often a single-tier Spline model and then have different device edge connectivity. So they're looking to make that change. And sometimes it's a brand new building they're going to construct next year or a year after or it's a brownfield. The second pattern I'm seeing is that they are already very comfortable with Arista's spines as Splines, and they're using our EOS. And they're going, oh, geez, I don't need to build a separate campus box. I can use the same spine or Spline and enable campus features on that box, whether it's BGP routing or VXLAN or tunneling or security features, so architecturally. And the third thing we're seeing is CloudVision for the campus is something they're very excited about. We demonstrated some of that capability at the Gartner Conference. John McCool and Jeff Raymond and the team have done a fantastic job there. And I think you will see these three being the anchors, the design is changing, the cognitive management plane architecture, and our data center customers really want to expand their footprint with us into the campus.
Jayshree Ullal: I think, Aaron, your question is very thought-provoking. As you know, Arista's core being is to adopt and massively deploy merchant silicon in our extensible software. But there are use cases that require deeper programmability. One example even before Metamako would be the P4 programmability we do on the Barefoot silicon. And the FPGA definitely allows us to go capture more state and improve our latency, and really get to the heart of the application in many of these customers and certain verticals for electronic trading. Andy, you may want to comment on this. I know you've been deeply involved.
Jayshree Ullal: I think it would depend on how big the market gets. But I think at this point we'll keep it focused on the specific application-driven use cases.
Jayshree Ullal: Samik, I think the white-box is a bit of a tangential discussion on any speed. There's really two types of players who deploy white-box. One is a captive deployment in cloud customers that are looking to build their own and they're going to do the same thing, whether it's 10-gig, 40-gig, 100-gig or 400-gig. And the second is maybe experimental HPC clusters, et cetera, where people may try this. We don't see 400-gig and white-box really that connected. In fact, that is one place I would tell you that the requirement for predictable performance and not compromising speeds will require the best hardware and best software combination. So, that's not a combination that comes to mind as the first use case for 400-gig.
Jayshree Ullal: Sure. I will give you some year-end numbers. The way we track it, don't really do it by revenue, we do it by customers and FlexRoute licenses. We've got three routing licenses that we track on and we are doing well in the acceptance of that license, particularly in the cloud, service provider and enterprise markets. It's going well. But I would like it to go even better. Especially in the service provider market I think we can have more improved results.
Jayshree Ullal: We do believe we are displacing designs. Taking share would mean we track that market. We don't participate in the classic traditional router market. But we're absolutely taking share and applying routing onto our switching platforms and increasing our switch market share in routing use cases.
Jayshree Ullal: I think it's a really important point that Andy made. If you go pattern-match with how we did on 100-gig, there's some striking parallels. We had some early trials in 2015, 2016. But it took 12 to 18 months for the market share lead we took and got, because the whole ecosystem had to come into play. Something similar happened with 25-gig as well. Until the entire ecosystem comes to place, which takes 6 to 12 months, you don't see that ramp. So I think all the market studies are pointing to that ramp in 2020 or 2021.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. So, just, James, to address your campus question, the most natural conversation is with our customer base across all five verticals because they already know us and love us and are familiar with us and can see use cases. The next natural conversation is with the acquisition of Mojo, we're actually getting exposure to new customers. And some of the interest in WiFi is separate from our customer base. So, that's also a second motion. And from a sales and go-to-market, both Anshul and Manny are really focusing on campus as a mainstream effort. There's no sideshow going on here. And so we're building an entire sales expertise and especially SE expertise. So, where we are putting special emphasis is not all of our sales team understands WiFi and radio management. So we do have specialized SE expertise there. But the rest of the sales is across the entire sales and marketing focus, there's nothing unique to campus.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, you're absolutely right, Alex. I think tough comps is the issue. We did very well organically in our overall geography. However, some of the volatility was defined by where the global customers and their spend resided. So, Asia-Pac was strong, EMEA was a little weak, but U.S. was strong across the board. So, it just turned out that way depending on where the Cloud Titans and the top 10 providers spend. But the organic business is still intact and doing well.
Jayshree Ullal: Yeah. No, that's a very good question, Hendi. Obviously, the low-hanging easiest go-to-market is the one we already have. And we've now got a nice healthy base of over 5,000 customers. We're going to leverage that. However, that will be a necessary but not sufficient condition to participate in the campus. We are expanding. And one of Manny's initiatives is, in fact, to complement our direct customer focus with an elite channel strategy focus. We're not going to pepper all the channels, but we've already had some channel capability and experience in our international theaters, but we will be adding more to that. So the combination of our own sales and marketing investment in the campus and the channels will be a very important one to step in 2019.
Jayshree Ullal: And Woo Jin, just to wrap up the last question of the Q3. If you look at the way we approached 100-gig, we approached it from a network design perspective, heavy software differentiation, bringing high availability, agility on automation, analytics into our 100-gig platforms, mix and match of both modular chassis and fixed form factor. You can expect us to adopt a similar strategy for 400-gig over the next year.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean I think in Q4 in particular, we have got backlog that was booked prior to the tariff, but I don't really think we can just aggregate and start trying to carve out that 3%. And as we go forward, obviously the goal is to remediate the cost as much as possible and start to kind of normalize that for us and for customers over time. So I wouldn't try to say it's somehow an adder to the top line.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I think the biggest driver relates to – as we came out of the lawsuit, we had actually invalidated some patents and we'd had some patents expire. And that gave us access to some technology that we had redesigned out of the product previously. And now we've obviously put that back into the product because we have access to that technology. And for some customers, there's a need to re-qualify that new design, that new product, and we're engaged in doing that currently.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. Let me just pick that one up first. I mean, it was very slightly mixed towards the non-cloud. And if you saw the gross margin, it was like 10 basis points. So it wasn't a big shift one way or the other.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. So, James, I think on the acquisitions, again I'd remind you that Mojo is a SaaS model. So, that's going to be a ratable rev rec model for us. So, that's a relatively small contribution. On the Metamako side, that's already being rolled into our kind of financials vertical. It's now becoming part of the offering there and it's definitely been impactful with customers and opportunities with customers. But we're not planning to really track that separately. And then I'll tell you that the combined impact on the quarter is small, right? You've got the Mojo stuff is a SaaS ratable revenue amount and then we have kind of single-digit coming out of the Metamako side of the house. So it's a small contribution at this point.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean I think it was just – in Q3, the acquisitions contributed very little, right? The Metamako only came in kind of half...
Ita M. Brennan: And again, the Mojo acquisition was probably – we probably got a whole month or a little bit more than that, but again it was a SaaS ratable model, right? So they contributed very little to Q3.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. Again, like I said, we're not really going to start tracking this individually, particularly as we roll the products in to the portfolio. I think for Q4 what I said was low-single-digit contribution.
Ita M. Brennan: No, I mean, I think if you look at the guidance, we are largely at the upper end of the guidance of the 27% year-over-year growth rate. I think that's in line with kind of what we had said is the expectations. And I don't think there's anything unusual about the guidance in that sense. I think we're comfortable where we are from a business perspective and that's pretty much in line actually with what we've laid out kind of right from the beginning, certainly from the middle of the year. So I don't think there's anything unusual about the guidance. It's not really trying to reflect any particular key driver.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I'd go back to what Jayshree said, I think for what we have visibility to, I think we're comfortable with where we are. We think we're well positioned and we'll see where we go from there. But we haven't seen anything different in the business in kind of that timeframe that we have visibility. It's kind of been business as usual.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. And to your other question, Jim, I think we've certainly diversified our supply base and our outsourcing probably more than maybe we would have if we hadn't come through some of the ITC stuff. But there's still work to do. I mean, we were still sourcing in China. There are certain components that are still being sourced in China, et cetera. So we do have work to do to mitigate some of those costs. And that's obviously top of mind for John McCool and his team to get that done as quickly as possible.
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. And I think you've seen when we filed the Q, but we do have some volatility back and forth between EMEA and APAC over the last couple of quarters, right, because again the base is still relatively small. So, when you win a sizable deal or a couple of sizable deals, then one or the other is going to (48:50).
Ita M. Brennan: Yeah. I mean, I think again the product growth is really related to the requalification. As to when exactly that comes back, it's difficult to tell. And again, that balance will move with new stuff versus old stuff, et cetera. So, I'm not trying to forecast that, if you'd like, as part of this. I will say we're not contemplating a significant downward move in that in our Q4 guide, right? But other than that, I think it's too early to try and forecast it beyond that.
