Andy Bechtolsheim: Thank you, Jayshree. When we started Arista 10 years ago we had three fundamental beliefs. First, we believed that great software was the most important element in building a differentiated Ethernet switching company. Second, we believe that Merchant Silicon would allow us to build superior switches compared to traditional ASIC designs. And third, we believe that cloud data centers would continue to grow rapidly and would require network architectures with a scale and robustness that are fundamentally different from traditional legacy network designs. All of these three beliefs have proven to be true and have guided us well. On the software side we created the most programmable and resilient networking stack in the industry, our Extensible Operating System. On the Silicon side, working with our Merchant Silicon suppliers has allowed us to deliver superior performance and pull away from proprietary ASIC switch designs and our cloud customers are using our products to build cloud networks on a scale that is simply unprecedented. In summary, we have built the right architecture for the cloud and continue going forward with the same focus on software, best of breed silicon and scale. I now want to cover most of highlights in our history. We spent roughly the first four years in software and hardware product development, started shipping our first product, which was the ultra-low latency 7124S in Q3 of 2008. Jayshree and myself joined the Company at that time and business when we officially launched the Company as well. Our initial market focus was on high performance computing and on financial applications involving high frequency trading, which despite the financial crisis in 2008 took off rapidly and established Arista as the leading provider of switches for high frequency trading. However, our real ambition from the beginning was to build large scale cloud networks. For this we developed the Arista 7500 modular switch, that was the first product that allowed customers to build cost effective large scale leaf spine architectures. The Arista 7500 received the Best of Interop Grand Prize and the Best of Networking Award in 2010 and then again in 2013 for the 7500E update, which supports up to 280 40 gig ports, making the Arista 7500 the only product in the history of Interop that has received this very prestigious award, not just once, but twice. We now have over 20 switching products in our Spline X-Series, which includes the 7050X, 7250X and the 7300X families that all has become extremely popular building blocks for building highly scalable, programmable and reliable enterprise and cloud networks. On the software side, we have driven programmability into all levels of the network stack which has allowed us to integrate with a wide variety of third-party management tools including Splunk, Chef and Puppet. We have innovated with features such as Zero Touch Provisioning, Zero Touch Replacement, [Lanz, Stanz] and unprecedented network visibility. A key milestone in the history of our Company has been the introduction of the VXLAN certification in 2012, which we co-offered with VMware. VXLAN allowed the dynamic creation of essentially unlimited number of layer 2 networks over layer 3 networks, eliminating the legacy silo problem. We have also partnered with Broadcom, Google, Microsoft and others to define a standard for 25 and 50 gigabit Ethernet, which we believe will become very important as soon as it’s commercially available. Which brings us to the present, we’re very excited about our new product and development and our innovation pipeline has never been stronger. Our open software driven approach to networking based on the programmability of our Extensible Operating System is resonating with customers and partners who are looking to build best of breed, scalable and resilient networks. And we’re looking forward to the next 10 years on this journey. With this, back to Jayshree.
Andy Bechtolsheim: Okay, on the 25 gig and 50 gig question, this is a feature or function that's supported by future, next generation Silicon, which is in development. We cannot comment on this call about the availability dates on such products, but the key thing is and the reason to build this consortium is we have to respect that the silicon vendors can build the silicon too so that when it arises as the product in the market it’s actually fully compatible and this is the effort that we are participating with to ensure the earliest availability of such products.
Andy Bechtolsheim: Well, it is available to any customer of course. We do believe that cloud, the large cloud customers will be the earlier adopters.
Andy Bechtolsheim: Great, so the Cisco BiDi Optics is a completely proprietary tech design that goes over duplex fiber for 40 gig multi-modes, maybe 80 meter range. Last quarter we introduced much superior optics, which we call the Universal 40 gig optics, which has three significant advantages. Number one, it has the longer reach over multi-modes, 150 meters or more. Second its standard space. It uses the 40 gig LR for standard. But the best part is you can actually use it with both multi-mode and single-mode, which is why we call it universal so the customer can make a choice, how to deploy it, initially multi-mode, going forward single-mode. So we do believe this is a much better solution and there really is no other advantage to BiDi.
Andy Bechtolsheim: Yes, so the 25 gig look at vendor standard consortium came in to being early this year among companies who were all highly motivated to bring this type of solution to market as quickly as possible. So it is available in next generation Merchant Silicon. Having said that, unless you were very insightful and we’re planning ahead a long time for your ASIC upgrades, you’re not going to see that in any non-merchant implementation anytime soon. So this will create somewhat of a split in the market between the merchants [indiscernible] has the ability to support 25 gig and 50 gig legacy switches that will not have that capability.
Andy Bechtolsheim: I didn’t say that. What I said is that anybody using the merchant silicon would have access to these 25 gig and 50 gig modes. However legacy E6 such as proprietary switch designs did not anticipate this, will not see 25 gig anytime soon.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks Andy. So while our peers are still trying to mimic Arista's approach, they fundamentally lack the architecture to achieve this. As Andy described, our journey has just begun. We are looking forward to serving our shareholders and sharing our inflexion points and aspirations in the continued journey and quests further. With that I’d like to turn it over to Kelyn Brannon, our Chief Financial Officer of Arista for more details on Q3.
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, Sanjiv. Yes, so regarding our four verticals, the pattern was very similar to last quarter. We are continuing to see a very nice balance across all four of them. Usually we expect more lumpiness with our cloud titans, but both calendar Q2 and Q3, we’ve certainly received important orders from our cloud titans, but that’s been very nicely balanced by two other important verticals, our financials and our service providers and Tier 2 cloud providers. So I would say to you that it was very smooth and balanced across our high-tech enterprise, financials, cloud titans and service providers. In terms of competitively, no major changes. We continue to see aggressive pricing behavior and aggressive discounting whenever Arista is in a deal. We continue to co-exist many accounts. Many of our customers are demanding and necessitating better technical solutions and also wanting deal source vendors. 
Jayshree Ullal: Thank you, James. I’ll take your first question and Kelyn will take the second. As you might recall we experienced lumpiness with the cloud titans in Q1, where one of our customers, Microsoft especially was a large piece of our customer concentration. We’ve seen more balance in Q2 and Q3. It would not surprise me in Q4 to once again experience some lumpiness that typically ends up being a strong quarter, our largest quarter usually for the year and also typically a quarter where we experience large customer concentration purchases. It may not necessarily be one particular titan. It could be a different one, but we fully expect that. In fact we are presently surprised to see the smoothness and balance the last two quarters. 
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. So, Brian, I’ll take the first question and then Andy of course will take the 25 gig, 50 gig. In terms of was there any customer concentration, we continue to only have one customer, who is going to contribute to the concentration and while their percentage contribution continues to come down, I think we shared with you last time, it has come down, the teens and double digits. We do not see anything more in terms of contribution greater than 10%. In terms of pricing pressure, the 10 gig market, as you well know has been exploring in ports, and we Arista have been progressive and almost proactive in bringing down the cost of 10 gigabit port, so that customers can more quickly move to 1 gig. So we do see not pricing pressure but aggressive price points that Arista themselves are providing on 10 gig. We have also witnessed a greater acceptance of 10G-BASE-T as an alternative to 1 gig, but I would not say we’re getting any greater pricing pressure than we always get and we consistently get from our competition. The number one and only competitor we really see is the major market leader as you know in the industry and everybody else we see occasionally and rarely.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay, I’m going to take the question for Andy. While we’ve talked about long adjacencies, we have been very clear both in the road show and our public calls that our maniacal focus is the data center, especially for 10 gig, 40 gig and 100 gig. This is such a tremendously large market opportunity, anywhere from 6 billion to 10 billion in the next few years that Arista wants to be focused there and be the absolute best of breed there and today we are the number two player and we look forward to improving that market share.
Jayshree Ullal: On International Kulbinder, there is clearly room for improvement here, this is an area that will take time. It’s not going to happen overnight in the quarter but it’s an area we’re making investments this year and we look to see the fruits of our labor in the next couple of years.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay, Alex you asked three questions there. I’ll part those and Kelyn is going to answer the first one. You asked about the employee count. We typically don’t talk about specific numbers well.
Jayshree Ullal: And on the ACI question and I think I answered this before. We just had a 10th anniversary customer event and let me give you first the customer perspective, which is they’re all pretty underwhelmed and many of them don’t understand what exactly the problem is that one is trying to solve with it. Because what’s really happening in the new datacenter market is you cannot really tailor and customize policy per application. The applications are pretty universal, whether it’s workloads for big data or Hadoop or virtualization or VDI or high performance media transaction. And what customers really want is a universal workload architecture, with really good workflow visibility and good work load orchestration. So having an open non-vendor lock-in, non-proprietary and highly programmable underlay and infrastructure has been fundamental. This has been Arista's mission. This is what we provide in our products, and we have the right APIs to work with different types of overlays, whether they are controllers, that are single function devices or more broader network management devices. So quite frankly we have not seen any enthusiastic reception of ACI. It’s possible that we are not witnessing the typical traditional enterprise customer that maybe interested in ACI. But given it's been a year, the traction and the competitive nature of it versus the Arista has been minimal. One must also understand there's a difference between announcing it and shipping it. I think while it’s been a year since it's been announced, it probably hasn’t been shipping for more than a quarter. So it’s possible it’s also been too early.
Jayshree Ullal: I think it’s fair to characterize that one of the reasons our international business growth can improve better is because we’re doing so well in the U.S. Our growth in U.S. is so good, it’s sort of hiding and shadowing any contributions we make internationally. But if you actually parse our international business like I’ve had a chance to do, we are being well received in the more developed countries. So for example if we look in Europe, well received in United Kingdom, Germany, Nordics, Netherland, those are typically the places. In Asia I would point to Australia, New Zealand, Korea and Japan as three examples. So you would expect us to invest here and do much better than we’re doing even now in these countries next year and the year after. Having said that I think as you rightly pointed out, the international risk aversion to new technologies in some of these intentional countries and I think the success of the U.S. will naturally help in followers internationally. So I believe our timing and our investment is appropriate right now. It isn’t really missed opportunity but we expect to see the fruits of our labor in the next one to three years.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks Ben. I would characterize our VMware partnership as very strong, both on the engineering side and now more recently on the go-to-market side. Most people think that it is only an NSX integration with the prior Nicira acquisition, but it actually goes well beyond that for a lot of the ESX and market leadership that VMware has and server virtualization with vCenter and vSphere. So we actually have multiple touch points with VMware in NSX, ESX [indiscernible], and we continue to drive further standards in technology with them. In terms of go to market, it’s too early to call material revenue, but we are seeing a lot of customer activity between the two sales teams, tremendous synergy and it’s also being very welcomed by our customers who are looking for building that best of breed cloud stack and they don’t want to do it with each side individually themselves. With sort of leads to second question, which is converged systems. I think the data of converged systems coming from one vendor and then settling for mediocrity is changing to more best of breed storage, scale out storage, best of breed network virtualization and best of breed programmable networking. So we are optimistic about working with a number of storage vendors. EMC has a lot of new announcements coming that we work closely with, as well as other scale out storage partners based on flash NAND scale out SDN storage software.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay. And finally Ehud to answer your question on white box, first of all let me go back to some history on the company since we're on our 10th anniversary. When Andy and Ken and David started the company, the initial thinking they had was that they would build a software only company. So EOS has always been architected as fundamentally a very highly resilient, highly available, highly programmable software and that’s what the E in EOS tends for, extensible, right.  Now what we found is that our customers were looking for us to provide that full integrated experience of software, silicon diversity with our Merchant Silicon, but we’ve always had an abstraction layer that can work with different types of silicon and different types of hardware if we needed to, and if our customers demand that. We have basically brought forward customized components of that over time. For example our virtual EOS, or VEOS image is VM image, a Virtual Machine image that any customer can implement on the control plane. We’ve been shipping that and we’ve been improving that and this is something you can look at as basically a controlled plain white box experience that people want to play with our software. You will see us as we evolve EOS as a product, EOS as a platform, also more customizations, more APIs more SDKs and more ability for customers to build on top of it and this is something I alluded to last quarter with Facebook on the wedge example. A number of customers will take our version of EOS and customize it for a variety of their applications to get better application control. But I don’t look at that as white box. I look at that as their custom box, but using EOS as a fundamental foundation.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks Georgios. So, obviously Microsoft is a high contributor to our growth and we continue to expect Microsoft by the way to be a 10% customer next year in 2015 as well. But having said that, clearly our growth and contribution and in fact equal or faster growth is coming from a number of major customers in all four verticals, including other cloud titans, tier 2 cloud providers, service providers and financials. While these are not as large in size like Microsoft, they’re definitely growing equal or faster.
Jayshree Ullal: Georgios I’m not smart enough to tell you how we’ll do next quarter, let alone next year. But I can’t say that Q1 tends to be seasonally our lowest quarter. We tend to be flat Q4 to Q1 or sometimes even down. Q2 and Q3 are about the same and then Q4 is usually our strongest quarter. This is the pattern we’ve seen so far.
Jayshree Ullal: You and I have talked about this before. The mix of modular Spine to leave has remained relatively the same. What I would add to that is the 7500E acceptance has been very good. What’s very clear to us Andy, Hugh [ph], Ken and the team have done some real world and simulation testing? And this is the only platform in the market where 10 gig, 40 gig, 100 gig at adequate density, poor density capability in the small footprint and the right size of buffers, almost 1,000x better buffering than anybody else and people think large buffers need large latency Actually large buffers need better application latency for your customers. So I think the acceptance of the 7,500, particularly in Spine particularly in 10, 40, 100, and particularly in Big Data applications by our customers has been heartwarming for us. We also are seeing this climb in 7300 and they really are taking two different market segments in the chassis and Spine world. In terms of price support, no major changes quarter-over-quarter but we have always seen changes year-over-year. We continue to aggressively offer price supports and AFCs that can be in the range of 10% to 20% lower every year and you can see that in the 10 gigabit Ethernet price support trends. We see 10 gigabit Ethernet, especially 10 gig BC [ph] as these options for a couple of rack servers and leaf connectivity and the spines are certainly adopting more 40 gig and 100 gigs.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. When I was saying what I did, I meant that for 2015. We are not seeing major change in 10 gig being the leaf of choice and 40 and 100 being the uplink and spine of choice.
Jayshree Ullal: If we did -- business actually did quite well. But as you know we also attribute our global customer footprint to the geographies and that’s where source. So some of our larger providers, titans will purchase for a datacenter located in Asia one time or Latin America another time or Europe a third or U.S. So that’s what effected the mix and that’s the change you saw between Q2 and Q3. We haven’t seen a significant decline or increase for that matter in [APJ] business, we’re doing okay but we can do a lot better. But that particular change was due to mix or specific customers deployed to their centers. We are more beholden to where the datacenters are located in terms of purchase.
Jayshree Ullal: No change, I was simply highlighting the fact that they were very strong in Q1 and obviously as a percentage of our revenue they are coming down every quarter, from the 22% in Q1 down and we expect that to continue. However Q4 for every customer, including Microsoft tends to be a stronger quarter. 
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. Absolutely. We lost a couple of good talented executives this quarter, who have been with us five years Doug Gourlay, formally VP of Marketing and then more recently our VP of Systems Engineering looking for [indiscernible], our Senior VP, as well as David Watkins who was running our EMEA region for Mark Smith. And look, our attrition is extremely low. It’s in single digits and we fully expect that some individuals who had tremendous financial success and also wish to move on to other things -- in the case of Dave, he's going to be retiring. In the case of Doug, he is resting for now but I’m sure he will explore life beyond Arista. So we wish both of them very well and we would rather they explore other things than rest and risk and I think it was extremely friendly and amicable parting in both cases and a natural part of the evolution of the Company.
Jayshree Ullal: Thanks Michael. We do not have -- outside the four verticals, since we lost a lot of our customers into the high-tech enterprise, there is not one I can really specifically identify or callout this quarter. So the answer to your question is no, there is no particular one to single out. And in terms of VARs, this is an area that Mark Smith has been sowing the seeds and putting some ground work. We typically pull through almost 100% through distributions of VARs and resellers but a lot of our selling efforts have been direct to date because of the complexity of our technology and intimacy our customers require directly with us quite honestly, and frankly for the large purchases they do. We do believe in 2015 and beyond we will be selectively working with value added resellers worldwide and really taking two tiers of distribution. One is what we call the elite VARs, where we work closely with them and they would be an extension of our sale organization. And the other would be broader distribution for fulfillment like we do today. So we expect then -- perhaps in one of our wildcard topics we'll actually cover this in more details when we're ready, but definitely an area of strategy and expansion and opportunity Arista.
Jayshree Ullal: So if we think about the 10b5-1 plans, I will tell you that a number of our executives have entered into 10b5-1 plans and we of course are supporting that and encouraging that. As I think about the share count for Q4, given the lock up volatility and stock price, thinking about the treasury stock method and how we calculate it and thinking through exercisable options that get exercised and then are not out of the fully diluted calculation, if I was making a range I’d say share count would be for Q4 between 70 million and 71 million. In this particular quarter because of the lock ups expiring, there is more moving parts in it.
Jayshree Ullal: When I look at the revenue trajectory Jeff, I think what you're really seeing here is the lone large numbers right. We obviously can’t grow on a base of what’s going to be a $500 million year the way we did when we were $250 million or $300 million. So I think you’ve seen a natural decline in percentages because of the large growth, but you’re not seeing any fundamental changes in the fact that Arista is growing much faster than the market growth of our segment and Arista’s customer acquisition and penetration into these customers continues to be very strong. So I wouldn’t read too much into any particular vertical or our growth rate itself, barring any kind of recession or crisis or change in market conditions, I would say our growth is well above the average of our market segment.
Jayshree Ullal: Okay, and I’m going to answer your second two questions. You asked on OptumSoft. There was not much to discuss there. So there's no real change in status. The trial is still in discovery mode and the hearing date has been set for 2016. So there isn't a quarterly report really. No news is no news.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, on the last part on us having difficulty in hiring, I would not say we're having difficulty hiring but I would say we are holding the quality of our hires and that bar very high. And also some of our prototype expenses are moving out based on our new product dates and introduction. So it's that combination that’s contributing to our expenses being lower than we are planning. So in terms of hires, some of the things we’ve done as a post-IPO company is move away from stock option to more [RSUs] to better adjust. We have also for the first time instituted a bonus plan for 2014 that we’ll obviously continue into 2015. We are looking in engineering to expand our geographic locations beyond our headquarters in Santa Clara. Today we’ve locations in Canada and India but we will expand beyond that as well and stay tuned. And in terms of sales and marketing, we are aggressively hiring, but we have always favored experienced, high quality hires over just sheer coverage models. So we'll continue to deepen our four verticals, as well as internationally and really do smart sales and marketing.
Jayshree Ullal: So Simon, as I said in my remarks, we have really kicked off the software [indiscernible]. There are other ancillary things that will be falling through G&A as we continue to be ready to be SoCs compliant. We’re continuing to make investments in our ERP system, not only for SoCs, but also to prepare ourselves to be able to scale as we continue to grow our top line. So you will see OpEx growing as we continue down the path of getting completely compliant and being a public company.
Jayshree Ullal: And as I've always said, when we’re in market growth phase, we are absolutely going to make some tradeoffs for gross margin in favor of market share. We will do that in a thoughtful and balanced and sensible fashion, but we will absolutely do that.
Jayshree Ullal: I think we hire a different profile of folks, who are less about the stock options and more about joining a company that isn't risky. So it’s a different profile of still very capable people and who see the upside and the growth and the future over the next 10 years can be very exciting and can be very rewarding as well, both for their career and financially. But you bring up a good point that at stock options at $80, we are less likely to grant stock options and more likely to have base salary, bonuses and RSUs.
Jayshree Ullal: I’ll take another stab at that answer. So if you think about it as our global or U.S. based global customers deploy, they’re not going to necessarily consistently deploy every quarter in Singapore or Japan. They’re going to deploy in a datacenter in one particular geographic region, and then they’re going to deploy in another geographic region. So we really haven’t seen -- if you think about what we saw was a significant deployment that happened in APJ last quarter but if you look at our overall international mix this quarter to previous quarters and look at that trend, we still run around that 80-20 split and have consistently been there. And again, our percentage -- our international revenue as a percent of revenue gets overshadowed by the rapid growth of what’s happening in the U.S. and the top line there. But has not been absolutely no deterioration in our international business.
Jayshree Ullal: We just see growth across all four verticals. If there's one I would want to point out, it would be service providers and Tier 2 cloud providers. We saw good growth there.
Kelyn Brannon: And then James to your question on OpEx, we have seen a push out from Q3 into Q4, particularly around as we think about ramping up our stocks compliance work and both remediation work as we work through our stock compliance and it will also push out into the first half of 2015. And then as far as hiring is concerned, we continue to have a very high bar as we hire, and we’re out bringing more folks in, in all of our functions primarily around sales and marketing and R&D but we’re going to continue to keep our standard high and hire thoughtfully.
Kelyn Brannon: When I think about the employee base and we enter into Q4, the lock up would have expired on December 2nd and the trading would have begun on December 3rd. It really only provides a trading day for our employee base and our shareholders that have been subject to this lock up to trade before the blackout period begins on December 15th. So by this slightly early release, we’re allowing our employees, not employees, but our rank and file to have the opportunity to have an additional 15 days of trading before we go into the black out period.
Kelyn Brannon: So I’ll kind of walk through the first three in sprightly manner. So services today continues to be less intensive spend and so therefore we don’t break it out. Services as you saw continue to grow. You saw the increase in differed revenue that talked about in my remarks. We expect it to continue to grow. It’s going to cross over the 10% threshold at some point and we will break it out. We’re very pleased with the new services attached that came through the quarter and our renewal. Moving on to Microsoft, as we mentioned in the Q2 call, we expect them to still be a 10% customer. We don’t disclose quarterly. We will annually. We expect it through come to down to be in the teens. And as far as how we think about Microsoft this year, as how we were planning and how we discussed it during the IPO and in Q2, it’s playing out as we had expected. As far as looking forward to next year and thinking about could someone else be a 10%, could Microsoft? As we look, one of the nice things that we’re seeing is ever increasing customer base, that we have more volume customers today than we did last quarter or the quarter before and we continue to grow the base. And as we continue to grow the base, the nice impact or effect that has on us is that we don’t suffer from the same type of customer concentration.
Kelyn Brannon: And Ehud, I just realized that there was one question that you asked about our tax structure and our thoughts around that, and the recent announcement out of Ireland and our tax structure has been well in place since 2008 and there has not been any changes to that. In the announcement they talked about companies that do have the type of tax structure are grandfathered in until 2020. As we look at this, they did reemphasize again that the corporate tax rate of 12.5% in Ireland is not changing and so we continue to want to invest, both in A&L, our Irish subsidiary and just internationally and continue to grow our international business and there is not going to be any changes at this time in the short to near term as we think about our tax structure.
Kelyn Brannon: On to your question on the lock up, so again, I just want to reemphasize again, this partial release does not apply to any executive officers, any directors, any employees that’s entered into Rule 10b5-1 trading plans or non-employee stock holders. So this partial release is not available to the David Cheriton Trust.
Kelyn Brannon: We will try and give you some annual guidance but we don’t do that on the quarter basis. But I think we continue to derive a strong amount of revenue from our top 50 and top 100 customers. Is it 85%? Probably not that high, because our new customer acquisition is also growing at a remarkable rate. But we don’t do the breakdowns by quarter Alex.
Kelyn Brannon: And as I said in my remarks, deferred revenue is primarily made up a service deferred revenue. And so no, there has not been any movement of -- there has not been movement of product deferred revenue into revenue.
Kelyn Brannon: So, I’ll take the first one Jayshree on the number of shares. So, if we look at the release and if you go into the 8-K that filed, we have detail there of the exact numbers, but we will release 3.7 million shares of common stock and 1.8 million of vested option on 1111 for a total of $5.5 million. And again I want to remind everyone that this as a release of only kind of 50% of what that holding is for employees only.
Kelyn Brannon: Our expenses have been as expected and they are included in our pro-forma numbers and have not been pulled out. So there is just really no news there.
Kelyn Brannon: We haven’t executed as well to this -- to the top line Simon, but I can’t promise that will be our actual.
Kelyn Brannon: No that’s absolutely correct. So again it was the customer mix and the volume discounts, which we’re very pleased to see. We’re expanding foot print. And then secondly we did have some increased manufacturing overhead that we absorbed into our cost.
