Curtis McKee: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on today’s call are Jayshree Ullal, Arista Networks’ President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ita Brennan, Arista’s Chief Financial Officer. This afternoon, Arista Networks issued a press release announcing the results of the fiscal first quarter ending March 31, 2021. If you would like a copy of the release, you can access it online at our website. During the course of this conference call, Arista Networks’ management will make forward-looking statements, including those relating to our financial outlook for the second quarter of the 2021 fiscal year, longer-term financial outlooks for 2021 and beyond, our total addressable market and strategy for addressing these market opportunities, the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business and product innovation, and the benefits of recent acquisitions, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we will discuss in detail on our documents filed with the SEC, specifically in our most recent Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements.  These forward-looking statements apply as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain charges. We have provided reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Jayshree.
Curtis McKee: Thank you, Ita. We are now going to move to the Q&A portion of the Arista earnings call. Due to time constraints, I'd like to request that everyone please limit themselves to a single question. Thank you for your understanding and operator please take it away.
Curtis McKee: Okay. So, this concludes the Arista Q1 2021 earnings call. We have posted a presentation which provides additional information on our fiscal results, which you can access on the investor section of our website. Thank you for joining us today and everyone, please continue to be safe.
Anshul Sadana: Thank you, Jayshree. We are driving next-generation cloud networking architectures for compute, storage, AI, data center interconnect, and WAN. These designs continue to improve resiliency, scale, and operational efficiencies for our customers. The much talked about 400-gig upgrade cycles, or as we have been seeing the next-gen 100, 200, and 400-gig upgrade cycle, is expected to start second half of this year. The availability of ZR optics, MACsec encryption, and software features to monitor these optical links is also well-aligned in this timeframe. While our customers have always wanted multi-vendor environments, we remain their preferred partner and continue to get our fair share. Demand for our products in the Cloud Titan segment is healthier than what we expected a quarter ago. Back to you, Jayshree.
Anshul Sadana: Sure, Sami. For quite some time, there's been this talk about the 400-gig upgrade cycle and we've been saying for almost two years that it will take some time. And while we always knew it would be coming, now we can see customers doing the pilot runs and so on and getting ready for second half. So that's really what gives us the confidence. It's not much more than that. As Jayshree mentioned, there's plenty of issues on the supply chain side and so on that all customers have to work through as well. So, it's really more in the planning stages right now. But we certainly are feeling better than before.
Anshul Sadana: Absolutely, Jayshree. As we mentioned this call as well as previous ones, we're winning at multiple layers of the network. Inside the data center, as well as outside the data center, especially WAN and related areas for these customers as well. So that's giving us an opportunity to expand and grow beyond where we were. But having said that, instead of specific numbers, I think everyone should note that there are always uncertainties when multiple factors were related with upgrade cycles, including some we don't control at all, like the availability of optics. And all of you remember what happened in the 100-gig cycle. So, the comments are really that we are feeling better that all of the elements are adding up nicely to start the upgrade cycle and second half.
Anshul Sadana: Rod, as you know, the Cloud Titans are lumpy by nature. So, trying to measure them on a month-by-month basis just won't work. It really comes down to timing of when they want to deploy and so on. At this point, as Jayshree mentioned, it's much more tied to supply of products, and the way we ship them. So, I don't know what you are measuring, but that's certainly not how we saw it.
Anshul Sadana: Absolutely. With all acquisitions, you have to figure out how to integrate them based on the teams, the product go to market, and then the integration. And we have done fairly quick integration with Awake. There's more to do, but at least on the [indiscernible] market side, and so on, as Jayshree mentioned, there is a phase since I'm able to take this to the customer and take it to the networking team, to give them more visibility, and sometimes in collaboration with security to sell the product. So it's coming along, well. Obviously, we acquired Awake as a way small company, so there's more investments, more growth to come. But it's coming along well and faster than what we typically would have done in other situations.
Anshul Sadana: Sure. Tim, there are two parts. One in terms of Tier 2 Cloud or SaaS companies and we haven't really seen any change in the white box scenarios in that part of the market. So, it's [fitting that] the white box are largely limited to the very large Cloud Titans in the United States or some in Asia. And it really hasn't changed beyond that. You may want to go back to all of the supply chain discussions we had. And just as an FYI, it applies equally to the white boxes as well. And in fact, many of the cloud companies are struggling through that because not every [ODM and Sun] are going to carry so much inventory and have large commitments.  So, the fact is, I'm shifting there. But leaving that aside, on our previous discussion on some of the larger cloud companies looking at going branded, we're doing well in our engineering projects in those opportunities. But as I've mentioned before, these things take a couple of years to materialize. So, please be patient. We feel very good about our execution and about the opportunity. But you have to give it time, let it bake in the labs, let it go to success and pilots. And when it's ready, and getting deployed, we will happily share the news with you as well.
Anshul Sadana: Sure, Erik, this is Anshul. From a competitive standpoint, not much has changed, and our education is still very, very good customers are very happy. And the feedback for our products is good. The market share is the result of customers buying our products, not our forecast. So let the results speak for themselves. We feel good about our position.
Jayshree Ullal: And I just want to add, Sami, that, Anshul and his team, make sure that our status with the Cloud Titans is not just a regular vendor. So, the emphasis on a preferred partnership and the intimacy on their deployments, their needs, the priority, the products, the used cases, the different permutations and combinations has allowed us to go from strength-to-strength, if you will.
Jayshree Ullal: I think the learnings are two or three items. The first thing I would say is, it just takes longer. It's not instant gratification, like we've often had with Cloud providers or even early enterprise decision makers. So, investments we made two years ago are the fruit to the labors what we're seeing now. So that's one point. The second thing is, our product line is more diverse. Before, we were only selling data center, and the expansion from client-to-cloud, including our software products, our big switch DMS, our awake security, our routing our campus, most importantly, CloudVision, which is the epicenter of all their manual to automation, migration, I think has been a huge advantage because we really modernized the network. Until then they were measured, really, the migration was impossible, because it was all in silos, different operating systems. So, another big learning is the product line diversity, combined with the relationship we have formed over the last couple of years, I think, has been key. And in an odd sort of way, my third point would be COVID itself. COVID has been an equalizer for Arista, with dominant enterprise competitors. So, it has given our customers a chance to plan and think about alternatives. And I think we've had some advantage and disadvantage with that. The advantage is, they're more willing to work with Arista. The disadvantage is, they can't physically come and see us and do physical part that we've had to move more virtually.
Jayshree Ullal: Jim, thank you. And I really want to give kudos to Anshul, Chris Schmidt, Ashwin and the entire sales team for beating materially. We can only beat materially if we drive sales materially, and then of course we have to ship. One of the things you might have heard from Ita’s statements is, all our five verticals performed very, very well in Q1. So they were all up. If I had to highlight which ones were up more, I would go by the ratings. I would say both Cloud Titans and Enterprise definitely made the contribution and made their mark. And especially, combined with the new logo acquisitions and increase in million-dollar customers, I think those two stood out, but all five were very good.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, I think there's no doubt that we're facing the extended lead times, right. So, clearly, customers would like to have stuff sooner, and we would like to give it to them sooner. But we are facing extended lead time. So, I think it's hard to quantify that, which I know, everybody would like us to do. But I mean, we are definitely operating under a constrained, kind of supply environment with longer lead time.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, so Fahad, I'll take the question. Normally, we get one to two quarter visibility. This time, you're absolutely right. We now have visibility throughout 2021, perhaps some of that will even extend into 2022, right, Anshul. So, and it's exactly for the reasons you say that we now have a longer-term visibility that they have shared with us on their future plans. Now, having said that, as you know, we're not going to take that to the bank, there's still an awful lot of execution on their part and our parts to turn that visibility into actual results. They've got to build the data centers, they got to acquire the compute, the storage, the power, the cooling, you name it, and we got to also execute. So, while you're definitely detecting an optimistic tone and a more upbeat view, you never know things may change, but definitely, we feel like we have a better eye into more than the typical one to two quarters.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, so I think if you look at the inventory balance, kind of that they started at the beginning of the year and look at it kind of beginning of last year, all the way through Q1 of this year, I mean, it has been growing each quarter. And if you look at the mix of that, as you'd expect, the growth has been more in the components and the raw materials side. And then we've been using the finished goods, you know, pretty much as fast as we can, right. The other place that you'll see when we file the Q, you'll see purchase commitments are up to like 750 million at the end of Q1, which is as high as it's been significantly higher than what it's been historically and that's what's putting, you know, putting commitments on the table with various suppliers across the supply chain to make sure that supply comes in. So, we are kind of pushing on all fronts and being aggressive. These are new products. So they have a lower risk profile. We never say no risk, but they have a lower risk profile. But we are being aggressive in terms of, you know, funding, inventory and supply chain.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, I think we've indicated that demand was healthy. So, if we could fulfill more of it, we would be feeling a lot better.
Jayshree Ullal: Rod, so, you know normally we would have experienced seasonality of Q1, right? But this Q1, we didn't have the seasonality nor did we have this linearity issues. We were pretty consistent in Cloud Titans or for that matter, our entire customer base, all verticals were linear January, February, and March. So, we felt pretty good, right? Maybe this is a post-COVID situation. But because there were no weather storms or impact of Chinese New Year or any of the normal things we have, we didn't have the normal seasonal issues in January and February.
Jayshree Ullal: That's a good question Samik. Obviously, from Arista’s perspective, we've gone from best of breed data center to a more complete enterprise portfolio, but that doesn't mean we play in every market segment or every space. Our focus has largely been on SD LAN, more than SD WAN for campus and data center to our, I would say, more of the medium-to-high end enterprise, right. So, where we're not building products today is more for the SMB, I would say that's first of all, an area we haven't focused on. So, if you think of our focus, we have DCI, we have multi-cloud. And I would even say we have WAN routing, which could be a, you know, form of regional SD WAN, and we'll continue to build on that. But in terms of SD WAN for the branch and [sassy] and SMB market will continue to partner with best of breed, whether it's VMware or Palo Alto, or you name it. So, we feel good that we have a very good rich portfolio for the high-end of the enterprise, and we’ll complement that with the SMB portfolios of other companies.
Jayshree Ullal: All right, you got your two questions in. Thank you, Amit. So, yes, I would say once you – searching was hard too when we first got started, because we were a new vendor. But now that we have entered switching with good market share, our approach to selling software and routing is to enhance our switching platforms. So, it's not inherently harder, but it does take a different systems engineering and technical expertise. So, what we find ourselves doing in Ashwin and Anshul’s organization is augmenting our switching expertise with more software and routing. And we have specialists for the big switch DANZ Monitoring Fabric, we’ve specialists for the Awake network detection and response, we have specialists for routing. So, naturally, we need to build upon that switching foundation and add these layers of cake or icing, if you will. In terms of enterprise and service provider challenges, no doubt, as many, you know, we're the new kid on the block. And we have still best to breed there. And we're dealing with the incumbency of vendors who've been there easily 10 to 20 to 30 years longer. So, I would say our biggest challenge is breaking old habits. And I don't think we have any challenge showing our technical prowess. But being offered the opportunity to get there and overcoming the incumbency continues to be an important challenge.
Jayshree Ullal: We'll need an hour for that one. We'll do more on the callbacks. But to answer your specific question on Cloud Titans, definitely, Anshul and the team are very involved with the projects. And yes, those tend to be one to two quarters. But because of their long-term planning and our supply chain constraints, they both go hand-in-hand, they're making some CapEx decisions, and we have some supply constraints. We are getting beyond that two-quarter visibility to at least a year's visibility. So, I think you're absolutely right in saying it's going beyond the project one to two quarters to one-year because of supply constraints, and because of their long-term decision. On security, you know, we – I’ll give you the short answer and there's a longer discussion, we will continue to partner with best of breed security vendors, number one. Our approach to zero trust networking, will really be holistic and network centric. And there's really three parts to it. One is, how do we provide the right network segmentation? We introduce the macro segmentation, how do we provide the right encryption capabilities of the DCI layer? This has been a huge differentiator for us in our data center products. So, how do we do the wireless intrusion protection, all of those are network related security. The secondary, I would largely call visibility or situational analysis. The combination of both the awake products, as well as the real time telemetry and streaming and big switch DANZ Monitoring Fabric really allows us to attack security from a visibility perspective. And the third is the proactive acquisition of Awake itself. We didn't acquire Awake, just to be a point security product. We really acquired it and Anshul and Rahul are working on this to make it a more seamless network and proactive network detection and response capability that's AI driven. So stay tuned, you'll hear more from us on that. But all of this basically is our zero trust, networking strategy different from our partnerships with firewall vendors, or cloud security vendors.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, Pierre. It's a good question. And I would have to give you a more thoughtful answer over time. I guess if we were the only vendor with supply constraint issues, we would be in more trouble quickly because they'd have alternatives. But because this is an industry-wide shortage, I think we're all in deep trouble, including our customers who are trying to do the planning. So, I would tell you, we're on an equal footing. And we're all in bad shape on the supply constraints side, but not every one of us is in good shape on the demand side. So, we feel good about that.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes. So I think on the deferred, you know, it's always hard to forecast that kind of multiple quarters out. But I will say that we don't expect to kind of you know, that to come down in the second quarter, that's not an assumption for the Q2 guide, right. But I'm not necessarily in a position to start trying to guide that as multiple quarters out yet, but I think we do not expect it to come down. You know, it's a mix of customers across various sectors, but I think, you know, it's likely that we'll at least – have at least that level of deferred going forward. On the RPOs, I mean, we did some work in the Q, which you'll see later around the RPO disclosure and kind of, you know, consolidated a little bit so that you can see the pieces. You know, a lot of the movement is in deferred revenue between the product and the services. The other items didn't move that much, kind of quarter-over-quarter, but again, you'll see that and we've kind of consolidated some of those disclosures into a single footnote so that you can see it all together. So hopefully, that's easier to kind of, to process, but the non balance sheet if you like, RPO amounts are all around the services, services kind of on billed amounts, right. As opposed to kind of, you know build product or anything like that, which is in the deferred revenue.
Jayshree Ullal: Tal, as you know, enterprise data centers are much more of a long-term decision. So, I'm not sure they were so tied to last year or COVID, but they generally [slept] assets for three to five years, and then they're looking for a consolidation. And they're looking for upgrades to [100-gig or 400-gig]. And if anything, I would say was less tied to one-year, it was more tied to, you know, needing a cloud first strategy and figuring out which of their workloads go to the cloud, and which ones they invest in their premise. And so I would say it's more tied to that than anything specific to last year. So, bringing cloud principles into their data centers is probably the number one motivator.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, you know that's a good question Ben. I was surprised [Kansas] hadn't come up so far. So, I think what happened last year in COVID is everybody just froze and there was a period of time, nobody even knew how to deal with making decisions, right. Towards the second half of the year, we started seeing them engage in make decision making. And this year, many of them especially from a campus perspective, are looking at it much more as hybrid workspaces. Arista is doing the same. We don't see a full return to work of all our employees until it's safe to do so, but when it is safe to do so we don't see a 100% return either. Some of them will work here, especially Anshul’s and John McCool’s team that’s very hardware intensive, but for example, Ken Duda’s software team is very happy working in the different geographical locations remotely and may or may not come into work every day of the week.  So, we see the campus changing for a variety of reasons. It's moving from very distinct headquarters and regions and branches to a more fluid elastic set of workspaces where you have to provide wired, WiFi and equal access to multiple geographies. Whether you're at home or whether you're at work or whether you're in transit, you still have to do work. And that is influencing our campus decisions. Our enterprises are clearly very constructive on coming back to headquarters, but they're also very constructive on offering ubiquitous campus connectivity to their remote employees as well. As an example, in the retail space, even though we're not an SD WAN, we’re seeing a lot of activity on distribution centers, which are more regional and connected to these retail spaces. So, Arista is doing well in the campus. We're obviously operating our small numbers, and most of our well is in the high-end enterprises. So that's where I think we're having success. And we're marching to our targets. Where we are not doing well, or maybe not even focused, is, as I said, the SMB, which is more a distributed enterprise, a more channel driven enterprise, you got a lot of work to do there. And that hasn't been our area of focus, frankly. So, doing well in our target campus, and not doing much at all in our non-targets is what I'd say.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, no, it's – I think the early adoption of 400-gig will definitely be in our Cloud Titans and our specialty Cloud providers, and some of our high-end enterprises, but I would say the first place you'd see them is the Cloud Titans.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, I think the enterprises will take longer. Many of the enterprises are still adopting 100-gig. So, I think you'll see a combination of 100-gig and 400-gig start in 2022, but it could go well into 2023, 2024, and 2025 as well.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, no, I wouldn't try to draw any conclusions from that. It's really just timing of, you know, when you close renewal contracts and whether you bill in the quarter, and then there's some catch up or not, right. It doesn't change the fundamental at all right, so, I would. And typically Q4 is strong, Q1 can be a little lighter. I wouldn't try to read anything more than that into that, it’s not a fundamental.
Jayshree Ullal: Yes, no, I think I said that we did not experience the Q1 seasonality. That's all I said, given the pandemic, but other than that, I think the rest of the year, you know, will be based on demand and their feeling good about the demand.
Jayshree Ullal: I mean, it wasn't huge. I mean, our kind of, you know, sales and marketing margin expenses around that are not huge to begin with. But I think it doesn't start to come back to later in the year. We'll update as we go. There's just a lot of moving pieces around that right now.
Ita Brennan: Significantly lower. Yes. So, I think if you take a look at, I mean we’re going to find it later today, so you'll see it. But we're – it's significantly higher. We haven't been in that realm historically.
Ita Brennan: Right, right. I mean, I think Simon, you know, without trying to guide the year, every quarter, which is not kind of, you know, our normal practice. I mean, obviously, we've given you some upside in Q1, there's upside in the guide. You know, I think we can, you know, we continue to see some growth there. But don't forget the comparatives from, if you look on a year-over-year basis, I think you need to think about it more quarterly and sequentially in the quarters than trying to do it, kind of year-over-year from here on out, because there was a significant step up in revenue between Q2 2020 and Q3 2020. So just keep that in mind. But I think obviously, we've shown you some improvements. I think we're feeling better, but it's still an incremental quarterly growth rate as I think it’s the right way to think about it.
Ita Brennan: Yes, no, I mean, I think we're executing pretty well to kind of the midpoint about 63 to 65, a little bit better, right? There are lots of moving pieces, obviously. There's no doubt we're still carrying some burden from whether it's COVID or supply constraints in the inventory numbers, and then in the P&L as we sell those inventories, right. So there is some burden there for sure. It's somewhat offset by the fact that we have the benefit on the OpEx side of lower, you know, travel, lower payments, marketing expenses, etcetera. So, I think we'll see both of those play out over time. And, you know, hopefully they're, kind of they’re somewhat offsetting, right? So I think that's how to think about it in the short-term. I think the 63 to 65 is still a good range for growth margins, and, you know, we’ll operate somewhere in the middle of that hopefully, as we go forward.
Ita Brennan: We've talked about this plus or minus 37%. So, I think that's still good, right? We're so used to that. And I think, again, there’s moving pieces, but I think we feel good about staying in that range.
Ita Brennan: Yes, I think my only comment, Jon was around, you know, you're growing off a 523 in Q1, and then you know, you grew Q2 to Q3, you added like 60 million last year in revenue quarter-over-quarter. So, obviously, the comps get much harder in Q3, and Q4. That's the only reference. So the year-over-year growth rate is going to come down just naturally because of that. I think if you look at the quarter over quarter growth rate, that's an easier thing to kind of map out, right, if you're looking at it from a model perspective.
