Marc Grandisson: The first part is, I think, we're lukewarm in the sense of saying, it is a full on hard markets. We just want to impress upon everyone that, when the early stages that really changes then we don't know how long that's going to last. And I also make comments about the fact of the industry has an all time capital high, and still printing very reasonable combined ratio numbers. So I just want to make the point that it's not across all lines of business. Having said this, there is a growth, as you see us experience and go through for the year and certainly in the fourth quarter are even the areas where market coming back to our pricing levels and return expectations. So, we had deemphasized those lines of business for quite a while actually as a softer year. We're eating into our on production. And I think of late, we've seen a resurgence of submissions, and we're able to hit and get our pricing and return. So in the areas where we're growing, I would say that it is definitely an improving market and improving such that we believe we're clearing some of the lost trend or loss cost trend concerns that one may have. So, I also want to remind that we had not grown as much as the market would have, probably would have indicated over the last year. So, this is hyper -- no, this is good group on a lower number. For instance on the D&O side, our premium written was about half of what it was last year versus five years ago. So, you don't need much of an increase to really make a dent in the overall price increase. And the second question is. We can grow a lot. And as we saw, you asked, Yaron, whether we can grow based on the conditions. If conditions continue on and we're seeing right now still getting something very, very good, I think we can still grow a fair amount. I think we have been -- our guys, our people have been very busy even in those softer years, but I do believe that we have extra capacity and an appetite to write more, quite a bit more, if it happens. How much will depend and be dictated like overall rate level in 2020.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, so we haven't changed much of a lost pick. Now, I want to put things in perspective as well is that, the rate changes that have taken place that we're talking about really started to be, we believe enough above the lost cost trend since the middle of 2019. So, it's a bit early and premature to make any changes to your booking of loss ratio. You look at on an accident year basis. Plus, things could develop on historic, history, all the action years prior to 2019. So, it's premature to make any comment and to lost pick as we speak. Frankly, lost pick, if they ought to improve and we believe everything else being equal, they should improve over the next couple of years. They will take 6 or 7 quarters to really see good tractions and see some movement there.
Marc Grandisson: It's different in terms of the health of the industry and the combined ratio as I mentioned us for sure. So that makes it a very unique opportunity. But I do believe we have major players pulling capacity out. So even though it's printed capacity, effectively used capacity is definitely lower. In the overall market specifically in the larger risk and some of the players and we've talking about them being clearly one of them. I think I would tend to think it looks as field -- and more of the 2005 after Katrina, Rita and Wilma because capital were still plenty, people pay that claims, a couple of companies have some issues but by and large, the pricing went up and this was larger as a result of perceived risk. And I think this is what's going on. I think people as an industry, this uncertainty about around socialization is creating a lot of uneasiness and pushes us to want to charge more to make sure we cover as much of the eventuality as we can. So that's sort of what I would say the proceeds. The heightened risk perceived is higher, it's not a bankruptcy driven, reinsurance driven, necessarily market term. So, it's a blend of a few of those. It's hard every month, I guess you live and learn and experience new things as you go. But that's what I would summarize it to be.
Marc Grandisson: I think that the phenomenon that's going on as a result of refinancing, clearly points you to our lower price and lower premium rate and that's because the risk is less. A lot of the refinancing we saw in the last two quarters and accelerated in the fourth quarter is people sort of refinancing because the interest rates are just that much better and it makes sense for them to refinance. By doing so, the LTV that was originally put on a book of business, two or three years ago, is actually lower, which is lowering the risk. And everything else being equal, it also has a knock on effect on the DTI right on the debt-to-service, to income servicing and improves them as well. So that risk that you -- the same people, same house, same environment, but -- and there's also there was also some house price appreciation. So you get all these things going on. This is a not as risky proposition now as I just said it was two or three years ago. So would lend itself to the pricing should be indicate the lower pricing because of all these various moving parts. But it doesn't either return does change. And that's really the key that we want to share with you guys, is top-line in MI I is really, really hard to pin down or singles as cancellations. And it's very hard to see how it all evolved. But in the what we care about and what we've seen is a return characteristics and the things that will be financed which one could say is underlying as somewhat decrease in price and premium rate is actually just top-line phenomenon is not a return phenomenon. The returns are still very healthy. And that's what we're actually focusing on.
Marc Grandisson: So, first, you're wrong, it's not in single-digit. So let me clear. I think this is much burden here. I think that the -- our reinforced portfolio is not a, is a different one and then just a mix shift over the last two or three years. We were a lot more -- we're a lot more property cat on probably 10 to 12 years ago. So, there's always moving part in the reinsurance platform. And I would say that our play for instance in motor in Europe will by definition lead us to a higher carbon ratio, but the returns are feel pretty, you know, very well in excess or well in the range of where we would want them to be to write that business. So, I think your combined ratio in reinsurance is just a reflection of this constant calling, pulling, pushing through realigning capital within the various lines of business. And I think what you're seeing is a combined ratio that is just reflective of what we see in terms of opportunities in terms of returns I can tell you for certain that our reinsurance group has a very, very ambitious return on equity expectation when you would like the business and that's what every underwriting decision is based upon not to not a combined ratio.
Marc Grandisson: But the one thing I'll add to that, Mike, just quickly on the returns and that's really, it's all about our cycle management where our premium volumes went down quite a lot over the last number of years on the reinsurance segment. If the market gets healthier, which it's showing some signs of that, I think I don't think our returns will necessarily get that much better, but I think we'll be able to have a bit more growth on the top line, expand the platform and see more opportunities.
Marc Grandisson: On that note, to François point, realistically, Brian, we need to focus on and as we are right now growing and seizing the opportunities as it presented into our insurance segments. And if anything that will bring us to the combined ratio that will lead us to 12-ish our return on equity, I think it's going to come through to the current opportunity that we see in our ability to see upon it, which is no plenty.
Marc Grandisson: That's right. If you look, Brian, the rates really move starting middle of last year and a lot of stuff is being renewed still in the new "rate environment". So, we have to write the business first, you have to earn it. So, 2020 and 21, you're exactly right, you're exactly where we are. That's why it takes a while to see the good deeds being reflected. The same way takes a long time for bad deeds to get reflected, may I add.
Marc Grandisson: I think the beautiful thing about our friends on the reinsurance group is that they go anywhere kind of company. They can do anything, go anywhere, do anything. So, in general, they have access and are able to see the deals that are E&S, casualty property, whatever. So there, we have it. We've been around for 18 years. We've written a lot of reinsurance, we're still a billion and a half plus. We're not as smaller the grand scheme of things, but we still have a lot of selling points in London and Zurich, in the U.S. and Bermuda. So, we're able to grow, if a growth opportunities are there. There's no issue in whatsoever.
Marc Grandisson: I think by virtue of the improvement used for point, we don't give guidance, obviously, as you know. Nice try. If rates keep on increasing and keep at the level they are at the healthy, no positive rate. And if it keeps into 2020, 2021, we will have a more premium, clearly. I'm not sure it's what you asking for not the answer the right question. So I'm trying to give them the right issue.
Marc Grandisson: Of course, yes, you're right. We're seeing through the full year share. The newer phenomenon is anecdotal. It just seems to be starting. Even the excess of loss pricing now is taking up in speed. So that's also encouraging. So we may have some, at your point, you're right. We're not a huge excess of loss at least in a traditional, general liability lines and professional lines. You're right. We're benefiting from our quarter share participants and company. Yes, we are.
Marc Grandisson: That's a really good question, Meyer. I don't know the answer this. I haven't looked at the numbers of the end of '99-2000. It doesn't seem -- I'll tell you my gut feeling, right now, it doesn't feel to be as much of a delta. And also in terms of what impact it could have on a capital market, if we were more levered as an industry '99-2000. We're running a 1.3-1.4 premium to surplus. Now we're point 0.7-0.65-0.8, whatever. So a lot less than ever, so probably more absorbable but at the same time, there's this investment income. So if you look at if you think that the market changes as a result of being cash flow negative or having to not having recurring income then I think that it's we're probably in a similar position, meaning that the loss -- the losses or if you combine the underwriting income with the negative at the end of 99with the investment income, which was very positive I think we're probably in combination in a similar place. We have higher capital, so more cushion to absorb it.
Marc Grandisson: So let me collect you quickly, Ryan, on insurance side. We're 70% 75% liability, in terms of premium written. So that was sort of sort of dampens if you will, the acceleration or the recognition of the improvements in terms and conditions. So make us a bit more cautious. So that's something you need to bear in mind. This is only insurance segment. And again, on the insurance segment, even speaking to the short tail is still does take a while to get through, again, like I said, significant improvement rate should we took place starting middle-ish of 2019, so it does still take a while to recognize and really see the earning coming through the earned premium. It's a combination of for other underwriting years. On the reinsurance side, I'm trying to think of it, I think it's also -- there's a fair amount of liability as well in there, right, François? There is also a fair amount of property, although property, as you, as we mentioned, is also deleverage on the property cap, we did increase the other property. We're running a lot more on the non-cap itself. This is more opportunistic and that you're right. We should probably see whether we were, what margin expansion that was and we needed there, we should see it, but again, it was written last third or fourth quarter so will come again over the next 12 months. So it takes a while, you have to be patience is a virtue in our industry.
Marc Grandisson: It's a very, very good question. I think when we do have a tale of two cities here. I think that our insurance, our senior claims, of course, we have the advantage or the luxury to have an insurance company that's on top of claims and no, and participants the marketplace. When we look at what information our reinsurance folks are getting, there is clearly a lack. I'm not saying this nothing is informed or whatnot, but there was clearly a lag. And it's been there forever. This is not a new phenomenon online, this has been going on for years and for as long as we've been I've been in the business, it's been there and it was there before my time. So, there's always information in symmetry and information delay. By the time it gets to the insurance company, they have to look at this evaluate, book or reserve or not book the reserve and then they in turn, inform their reinsurance partners. On the quarter share, it's a little bit easier because you're able to do more claims review and beyond to be side-by-side with them. You can also compare whether we have other of our clients from similar risks and whatnot on excess of loss, as you could expect, it's a little bit more difficult. There is a further lag on that one as well. So, we clearly have a lag in recognition and our reinsurance company has been really, really adamant and proactive and try to recognize some of the losses that may not be enough, enough reported. And that's also what made us be a bit more careful in our current ratings or lack thereof in the liability space, but there's clearly a lag on the reinsurance side.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, everyone. Happy Valentine's Day. Make it a Happy Valentine's weekend, if you have a chance. Talk to you next quarter.
François Morin: Well, yes, a couple of points here. I think, it was a bit lower than what we had, I guess, given as a range earlier in 2019. There was a couple of discrete items that played out throughout the year, which helped out in terms of publishing the final tax rates. So when I just -- I took some of those, I look back and without these adjustments which is really how we think about when we give you a range, the 2018 tax rate was 11.2. This year, it was 10.9. So, very close. Ultimately, we had some additional benefits that brought it down to 10.4 for the year. So, yes, I mean, as you know, tax rate is very much a -- it's hard to have a lot of precision on the tax rate because we just don't know where the losses are going to be before they happen. So whether there's a gap favorable or unfavorable developments on prior year was et cetera. So looking at 2020, I'd say, we're very comfortable saying that we're going to probably be in the same range, maybe, if you want to expand, maybe to try to make sure we're in the range, maybe 10 to 14. Last year, we had 11 to 14, so, maybe there's potentially could be a bit lower, but I think it's a bit early again, I mean they were early days of 2020 and hopefully that that's enough for you to update the models.
François Morin: I am almost choked out now. We're solidly well in the double-digit returns still in the market. It's still very good quality. I would even argue to the risk of the later, last half of the year, actually improved so much for the industry, not only for us. And I think that has to do with Fannie and Freddie so putting bit more constraints on the risk layering in the business, so no, still very, very healthy returns, very healthy.
François Morin: The 1-1 renewals were in continuation might you have some rate increase in the third quarter, broadly in industry. Fourth quarter was a bit better. The first quarter lined up to be, yet better yet, so yes, better rate environment at 1-1 clearly for the first quarter. We don't know what it means for 4-1. I am done prognosticating what the future will hold. It's the low of supply demand and perception of relative risk is a market based thing. So, sometimes, I think markets should go up and if it doesn't and sometimes it goes on, it's all over the place. So, it's too early to tell where 4-1 and 7-1 will end up, but clearly if the momentum that 1-1 continues, no, it's going to be -- it's an improving market, clearly.
François Morin: Yes, I mean, you see that a little bit in our cap P&L. They went up in large portion because of additional retro business that we wrote that I would say was very much opportunistic. So whether that sticks and whether that means tells us something about 4-1s or 6-1s, we just don't know. But for sure, we saw some definite, some good opportunities in the specifically in the retro space at 1-1 that we were happy capital to be able to deploy and take advantage of the opportunities.
François Morin: So, as I said in my remarks, I think the expense ratio was roughly call it, a 130 bps or so was, in this quarter was the result of the effectively bringing on online, the UK regional book. So, we're now a year into it. So everything else being equal 2020, we should see the premium being earned out and the expense ratio coming down. The new twist is Barbican and as Lloyd market in particular has a slightly higher elevated expense ratio, which we think is. There's an offsetting benefits and the loss ratio, but I mean, to give you a bit of directionally a bit more we think it's only 2020 expense ratio is going to be pressures, we think it should be right around where it was for 2019. It's not going to improve materially, I don't think it's going to get worse, because we're going to see some benefits, but I think it should be about at the same level.
François Morin: Well, Barbican is in the big picture doesn't really move the needle, it's brings a lot of nice trace with it. It has some key businesses that we like. It has also gives us -- it makes us more relevant in London. But the one thing that you should be aware of is, a lot of the capacity that Barbican is deploying is actually third-party capital. So that doesn't stick to our ribs. In terms of the combined ratio, yes, we'll have some benefits on the fees and et cetera. But, big picture, Barbican on a net basis wrote about $125 million of premium last year in 2019, split roughly 50-50 between insurance and reinsurance, whether that business, we're certainly going to shut down some lines, we're going to do some re-underwriting along the way. So, once you do a bit of math on it, you'll quickly hopefully appreciate that, for these are segment on its own, I mean, Barbican is not going to be a big factor in how 2020 plays out in to the combined ratio.
François Morin: No plans at this point. I mean, as you know, it's all about we try to have as much capital as we came in offshore just because it's a better domicile, gives us more flexibility. But at this point and as you know, there's tax implications, we don't want to trip the BTAX issue. So, at this point, no plans to change anything.
François Morin: I think we're seeing a bit less. I think people are busy more looking at their stuff and trying to improve their book of business. I think there's really a more of an inward focus. I think, M&A, we see all of them or we believe we see most of the transactions that have been talked about. I think we were a bit more open and we're able to strike some transactions over the last year because the pricing was right and the opportunity was there. But yes -- no, we don't see acceleration or somewhere to decreased activity. But I think just as a result of this current marketplace being a bit more dislocated, that's really what I would say.
