Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the exposure is customer by customer. Some customers, their business is showing -- starting to show some growth and we've seen some improvements, but it's not across the board. There is still a lot of customers that, from an exposure point of view, and where the economy is, they're suffering, were not seeing increased payrolls or increased sales, et cetera. So we -- but when we do our rate calculations, they're all exposure-based rate calculations and comparisons. But if your question is where the economy is going and if there's a lot more buying of our products, the answer is no. It's incrementally better than a year ago, but this economy is not moving at a high degree of new exposures. And the customers, we haven't -- sometimes, you can get them to purchase either additional layers or additional limits, and we don't see that either. They're pretty conservative in their purchasing.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, first, my view is that capital formation will take different kinds of forms. It's more difficult from a biased perspective -- customer perspective to create those structures on the casualty line because in casualty lines, due to their long nature of the tail, it requires more of a permanent capital. It's not capital that you can put in towards a period of time that is in need and then withdraw it when there is other ample capacity. So my view is eventually, some of the structures even in casualty, they will be created, but it will have more permanency to the capital. And don't forget, in the casualty area, you need to have significant underwriting capability for the model to work. So as a company, we're interested in those structures. We had, over the years, many different discussions with different parties, and if we find the right structure that benefits our shareholders, we'll do it. But that's basically where we are.
Constantine P. Iordanou: We didn't say all. As I said, we still have product lines in the yellow, which means you've got to be selective and do it with caution. To us, a green light is a product line or a division that we believe that the marketplace is allowing them to underwrite to 15%. Still quite a bit of what we do is in there. As I said, I gave that 11% to 15% ROE depending -- and the reason we give a range is because we don't know how the mix is going to come in. But that means there's still a lot of business that is in the high single-digit ROE and low double-digits in order to average 11% to 13%. We don't -- we have lines of business, they're in the green, but we do have some in the red still, and we still have more and more in the yellow.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. And we've been guarding against rising interest rates for a long time. We're keeping the portfolio short in duration and also high credit quality. So in essence, we might take the unrealized, but it will unwind itself within the duration of the portfolio pretty quickly. So if rates move up, it will be beneficial to us, and I guess, most of our competitors. It depends what happens to the underwriting side of the business. Will the underwriting then get adjusted because we're getting more yield, or people, they say, no, let's keep the same underwriting margin because -- and yield will be a margin improvement. So I don't know. I can't predict the future and I can't predict behavior. But I can tell you a rising interest rate environment even though it's negative early on, it gets very positive for us.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And also the portfolio turn over, it's what's coming off from the prior years, what's maturing and what gets reinvested. But I can tell you, there is also a shift in our allocations, as Mark, to alternative investments and assets. So that's the reason I went through that whole explanation why our net income is different than our operating income. Because as we're increasing allocations into alternative investments including equities, et cetera, some of it is not going to come as investment income, it's going to come to us over time as realized capital gain. So it's not easy to answer your question with a simple answer and say, yes, it's going to improve by 50 bps. But looking at the fixed income portion of what we do and not taking into consideration how much is rolling off and coming and gets reinvested, anything that is new, and we're putting in fixed income has a 50 bps improvement, I don't know if that's a quarter of the portfolio, I haven't done those calculations.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Listen, there is nothing that we do because we move from one to the other because we're in an excess capital position. So basically, all of our units can have all the capital they want as long as they can deploy profitably. So let's start with that because I'm not stressed out that I have to take from Peter to pay Paul. If Peter and Paul can give me very good returns, they get all the capital they want. Now having said that, our market conditions will influence as to how much we do on the reinsurance sector, independent if it's U.S. cat or international cat or whatever, we look at transaction after transaction. And we see what we believe their profitability is and do we like it, and then we write that business. As you can see, we're at 17.5% of common equity as the highest 250 year peak zone, so we have plenty of room. We're authorized by the board to go all the way up to 25%. So from a capital point of view, from a capacity point of view, we have more, it's only the market will allow us to do more or less. Now you're asking me to predict how the market is going to behave. I don't know. It depends on that behavior and would tell you that if rates continue to go down, we'll adjust accordingly and if the rates go up, we will adjust. Also, sometimes we're sellers and sometimes we're buyers. And we did buy more this quarter. It gives us more protection. It smooths out the volatility within our book of business, and we felt we were getting good deals. I'm sure the people who sold it to us, they also think they're good deals, but people can have difference on opinion on that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: They will happen from time to time. It's not significant. Even in the cat market today, which they've been at it since after Katrina, which is 7, 8 years, it's not a significant part of the capital formation. Still, traditional capital and those type of transactions, they're preferred by most customers. The -- some of the specialized companies, they're unrated, they're fully collateralized vehicles, they're reissuing similar coverage as the rest of us, and that is capacity that you have to worry about. The cat bonds, they've been around for a long time but they're not a significant part of the business.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. Let me start with reinsurance. Reinsurance is a lumpy business and it's hard to predict what's going to happen. Let me start. We had reductions in 3 sectors, right? One, it was mortgage, but that's kind of comparing apples to oranges. If you go back when we reported a quarter ago, a year ago for the second quarter, you will know that we had kind of an incoming portfolio because on the mortgage reinsurance, we had premiums from November, December, first quarter and second quarter that we booked. And now, the second part, it was the U.K. motor that we set. As long as we believe the business is profitable, we'll stick with it. If it's not, we'll let others do it. And as you can see, there is more competition in that line, so we have switched to write more excess of loss, not as much quota share, so that affects the premium production. But I don't know if that's a predictor as to what's going to happen into the future. By its nature, you can write 1 or 2 new contracts and you can change the trajectory. And the reason we don't give guidance and all that is because I can't predict the future. I mean, our whole principle is we're going to underwrite and we have a big appetite, but it's got to have profitability before we do it. So I'm not trying to avoid your question there, but I'm just telling you, Jay, how we operate. The second part, it was the Insurance group. We believe we have a great program division. You heard from some of our major competitors who write package business, and these are very good companies like the job or the travelers, et cetera, and they're getting good rate increases. And that's the sector that our program's administrators compete with. Because they write, even though they specialize covers for a certain kind of customers, they're in that market, and we have been experiencing very good rate increases, which, in essence, gives us more revenue, but also new exposures, winning additional customers. And that business, it's been behaving extremely well for us for all the last 10, 11 years. So we're glad that, that is growing. And our binding authority business, which is the level below that, which is -- these are average 5,000 per policy premiums, the small E&S accounts, and that business is going through market improvement from a rate point of view and through the teams that we have and also the very broad distribution capability that we have for other relationships that Arch has with wholesalers is really going very well. That unit, I think, is up to about $1 million a week in production, which is ahead of our projections.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No. Third quarter, we don't like to buy because of the cat exposure that we have. That will be an issue on the fourth quarter.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the mortgage is a comparison issue. You were comparing a fat quarter a year ago to -- on a written, not on a number basis. So basically, I don't think that has an effect as we move to the third, fourth, first quarter from a year-to-year comparison, right? The motor is -- will be coming down about proportionately on the same basis for the third and fourth quarter because we have cut back our capacity in that line.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I can't -- like you're asking me first a philosophical question. Let me answer that first and then get to the predictions, which I don't like to make predictions. But on a philosophical point of view, this is the same playbook we have been running Arch for the last 12 years. Business is in the red, you better justify everything that you do. If it's in the yellow, you'll be very careful. If it's in the green, write as much as you can get to. As I said, there is more in the yellow and there is some moving into the green, and that's why you see growth especially -- and that is more of a phenomenon in the United States. I don't think the European markets have moved yet. So the price corrections, they're mostly in North America, U.S. and a bit in Canada. But having said that, once you get to rate adequacy in our view and you're getting enough rate increases, maybe smaller than before but it's ahead of trend, you'd be stupid if you're not trying to write as much as you can, so we're going to have that approach. We're going to try to write as much as we can. Having said that, I don't know how the competitors are going to react. They might -- because rates go up and down depending on what I do versus somebody looking at the same account from a competitor's point of view. So if rates start going down, then you're going to see us pulling back again. Because our whole mentality is let's look at treaty by treaty on the reinsurance side, account by account on the insurance side, does it meet our return characteristics and then -- we're not governed by volume. We're not a volume-driven company. I have no production goals for any one of my divisions, they don't get compensated on production. They only get compensated on return on equity. And it's my problem to make sure that our capital gets utilized properly. So if they can write a lot, I gave them the capital, if they can't write as much, then I have to deal with capital, excess capital issue at the holding company.
Constantine P. Iordanou: But if you've seen the trend for the last few quarters, our net-to-gross is increasing, so we're getting more net. Because what we're actually selling, what we're actually selling is more low limits, primary small accounts business, and that we keep 100% net. There's no reinsurance around behind that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, if you don't know how much excess capital I have, you can't make that calculation because we take the S&P AA level capital, and that's what we allocate to the operating units. Everything else -- of course, we allocate some capital to the investment department, we expect alpha from the investment department for the capital we allocate. Don't forget, we do the ROE on the operating units on the risk rate of return when I allocate capital. So it's a combination of that. Our excess capital is not significant, it's not 20% of the book. It fluctuates. But it's been around 10% of our total capital. So you can do the calculation. It might affect it because the underwriting ROEs, we do allocate our capital to the operating units, and that's when -- and the underwriters, they get compensated on that ROE because I don't want to give them excess capital, bring down the ROE specifically to 1 division and affect their compensation negatively because I'm going to go out and try to find business to write and then that's business that I don't want on the books if they don't have the proper return. So we try to align their interests by giving them the right amount of capital, AA capital, let them operate and we hold them responsible to their performance to that. So it's an old formula, it works. It's like doing cheeseburgers on a Greek diner. I used to do that when I was in college.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, it's pretty simple. I think lead umbrella is still shy of adequacy. Don't forget, we still have ancient attachment points like auto attaching excess of $1 million and even long-haul trucking sometimes, they are attaching excess of $2 million, which is to me, you're in the buffer area, we're not in the lead umbrella area. And so -- but even if you get over $25 million or so, and the area that we see on -- small, medium-sized accounts and all that, that's the area that -- now that excess, it's still not the excess that goes to the global market, Bermuda, London, et cetera, that -- the Fortune 2000, per se. But Mid-America and those kind of accounts on the excess, they're starting to whet our appetite, where the lead umbrella is not yet where we want to be. And then we like some of the primary. It's sector by sector, it's different exposures, different customer groups. But those are the primary E&S, the first $1 million of exposure over either deductibles or SIRs. So we got the primary we like and we got kind of mid excess that we like, we don't like the umbrellas, lead umbrella, et cetera. But we're watching it and we're measuring it. And I'm not saying we're right, it's just one company's opinion, I mean that's what makes the marketplace. But I do pay a lot of guys a lot of money to make sure that they keep monitoring, monitoring, monitoring and making decisions. We're not going to make everything and be correct in every decision we make, but we try very hard.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. I mean, we wouldn't have gotten into that, in the permanency of such, if we didn't think the runway is 7 to 10 years out. Don't forget, if I thought the market opportunity was temporary, I would have start just with reinsurance transactions so I can do them when they are needed 1 or 2 or 3 years, and then move on when they're not needed. We view that marketplace, the need for good capacity with -- and the field is not crowded. It's going to be 6 or 7 of us in a field that has potential to expand significantly, especially depending what our legislators do in Washington as they're trying to push more and more of the credit risk to the private market instead of government-sponsored enterprises, et cetera. FHA still is the predominant insurer with maybe, I don't know if they dropped below 60% of the market, but they still have 60% of the market. In normal conditions, it's supposed to be the insurer of last resort, kind of the assigned risk and they're in the 15% to 18% market share. So we got a long way to go, and we view the opportunity today as good as it was 6 months ago. And we wouldn't have moved towards that if we didn't think this as a 7 to 10-year horizon in front of it. A lot of things can happen and that might change, but that's our view for the present time.
Constantine P. Iordanou: But, Jay, you don't know how much is rolling on and off. Don't forget, you're getting maturities that you got to reinvest so you got to see what to reinvest. And I don't have those numbers in front of me, but maybe we can do some calculations and share some comments. Give us a call and then we'll go through it with you.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No. We don't see aggressive behavior, so to speak, in the marketplace. I think, people, they are pushing for improved terms and pricing on the primary market. Also, we see the trend that we mentioned that the primary insurers don't want to share as much of that with the reinsurers. And they say, hey, you guys had pretty good numbers for a long time. We need the improvement so you got to stick to our ribs so pay us a little more ceding commission if you want our business and we see that. But this is an improving environment. And on account, even though you're not getting the same rate increase that you've got a year ago, it doesn't mean on an absolute basis is marginally better. And as long as that continues, that's a good thing. And I hear about the second term derivative BS and all that and at the end of the day, maybe those are trying to be predictors of what's going to happen into the future. I don't know what's going to happen into the future. But as long as we're getting, as an industry, and we are, we're getting price increases that are ahead of claim inflation, I think things are getting better, not worse, and there is no other way to interpret it. If people have a crystal ball and they say, this now is going to go into a dive and the rate increases are going to be below, claims inflation, you can get into a different conclusion. But there is no evidence in anything that we see or anything else that every competitor has reported that is pointing to that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's very simple. You guys read 8-K sometimes but you don't pay a lot of attention to it. We did a big retention run at year-end, so there is equity cost that is coming through and especially if you're familiar with accounting rules, and believe me, I've got so many accountants I take 3 Advils every time I meet with them. If a lot of our employees, they're retirement eligible, you got to take that cost in 1 year immediately, so you can't spread it over the 5-year cliff vesting and all that, that we have. And second, we had beefed up some of our teams, both on the starting to hire on the mortgage side and starting to hire in health -- the life reinsurance sector, a few individuals and, of course, on the insurance side, we brought a big team. We're just starting to produce already in the contract binding business. So the retention run, it was done for the right reasons. We have good employees, and we want to retain them, and we create another obstacle for competition to take them. And we are paying for it and we're happy about it. But that's the 2 explanations. There is nothing more into those numbers other than those 2 things.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, thank you for giving us the time and the opportunity, and we're looking forward to seeing you and talking to you next quarter. Have a good afternoon.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. Thank you, Dinos. Just a potential clarification. In the insurance group, in the U.S., it's 75% of the insurance group where we have all the deep detail. You kind of think of the aggregate rate versus premium growth this way in the U.S. Rate was roughly 4.5%. It might be, to Dinos' point, marginal increase in exposure on same-store account, maybe 4% to 5% of that growth is new business, which is new aggregate exposure, but not growth in exposure within the existing accounts. And then the balance, because you're looking at net written premium, you have to take into account the change in the net-to-gross, which bumps up the increase in the change in net written.
Mark D. Lyons: That's a great point. One of the reasons I talked about the serial changes for like 8 or 9 quarters is at the right quarter, you're now approaching your third increase, which is why you're going to start to get some of these adequacy. But a lot of this still comes down to mix from one quarter to next -- to a different quarter. We would have had more insurance property, which flattened out a little bit more this quarter. But if for example we felt that more of the E&S casualty business had gone over the goal line to 15%, that unit experienced 9.5% rate increase in the last quarter, that didn't open the floodgate yet, but as Dinos said, it's starting to approach that. We start contributing some of that businesses, as it goes over the goal line, you're going to see the effective rate changes increase because of the weighting impact of that unit.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. I think to kick that off, we view that the new money rates in this quarter compared prior was about a 50 basis point move up. And that's beneficial. But the range Dinos quoted, 11 to 13, all it really does is change the placement within that range more than anything else. So it depends on how sustained it turns out to be.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, again, it depends on what mix of business that we wind up with, but you really have to layer on the duration of that on top of it.
Mark D. Lyons: And one thing I can add, Jay, is that on the program business that Dinos noted in the contract binding business and why I always bring mix up, the growth in that, if that's above average growth, it's going to really impact the growth in the net written because that's virtually 100% net business. So it's not like we're growing in line where we're feeding reinsurers heavily. So those kinds of things alter the net pretty dramatically.
Mark D. Lyons: And one other -- Vinay, one other little insight will be I made a comment that the E&S casualty book was up 9.5% in the quarter. And there's been prior quarters where it's been similar. We did have chosen not to play in there yet because it hasn't gotten to the green, but it's approaching it. So there's been no evidence, strong evidence of that abating.
Mark D. Lyons: Don't mislead yourself. That's a premium comparison, not a limit or exposure comparison. Remember, we chose to grow contract binding business, program businesses, lenders businesses, things that don't put out a lot of capacity, and therefore, we take as frequency basis and we're more comfortable taking that risk assumption in-house. The fact that D&O businesses and hospital professional businesses have capacity up to 25 million in the U.S. simply means we haven't deployed as much, but they may still be reinsured to the same level until we're comfortable of where the returns are.
Mark D. Lyons: And to emphasize, Dinos has made a point before that this is U.S. centric. Secondly, the Bermuda insurance market has a lot of global and a lot of U.S. companies that are very complex, and they buy a lot of capacity. The businesses we're growing in the U.S. don't make it Bermuda because they're very low limits. So you're not seeing those kinds of increases yet out of the Bermuda facility.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, broadly speaking, I mean, we quoted the embedded yield on fixed income, which as Dinos said, is a piece of the action, at 243 bps, which is pretty flat serially from the last quarter. The 50 bps improvement that we quoted is really about all I'm prepared to really comment on. But since we're a total return focused entity, and that's total return irrespective of the geography of where it's put and irrespective of the asset classes, it's hard for us to answer that question without the alternative investments side and everything else coming into play. So...
Mark D. Lyons: But if I count on the geography, it's more -- it's more as more treasuries and other things roll, it's going to be higher coupon. You guys tend to focus more on the income statement, NII, which is going to get some benefit from it. As Dinos said earlier, over the term of the duration of the portfolio, it's going to unwind itself. But geography basis, you're going to see some improvement because of the higher coupon.
Michael Zaremski: Maybe a follow-up on Amit's question, and I may be nitpicking here. Dinos, in the prepared remarks, I believe you cited primary insurance pricing trending in excess of loss cost by 150 basis points.
Michael Zaremski: I wrote down last quarter you had said that it was trending in excess of loss cost by 300 basis points.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. So is the client being driven by new entrants into the E&S marketplace? Or maybe you can comment on why that's changed.
