Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. The – you got to look at the entire book of business. You are absolutely correct; I think the prospects of better returns on that portion of our business is there, but you have to also see where we’re losing ground in the executive assurance and healthcare. Even though it’s a much smaller part of our business, we are still giving rate reductions, so you’re losing ground there. And then the rest of the lines, they haven’t really – each though we are seeing a little bit of an uptick on rates, flattish and maybe slightly up, I don’t think that keeping up with trend is still positive, so when you put all that and you put the positives and the negatives we didn’t see any movement in the profitability I think that we’re achieving on an underwriting basis. And 9% is not really our target but, at the end of the day, it is what we can achieve in this market. So...Keith Walsh – Citigroup Global Markets: Okay.
Constantine Iordanou: I wouldn’t characterize it as such. I think in some parts of the world, and even in the United States, we never really push the envelope to our upper limit or our tolerance, so we always have room and we continue to have room to write more, so where we found the opportunity is independent if they were opportunities overseas or opportunities in the United States; we did take advantage of it. At the end we let the market determine where we have the best chances to get a good return and that’s where we go.Keith Walsh – Citigroup Global Markets: Thanks a lot.
Constantine Iordanou: Oh, I think we’re going to do both. If we find opportunities for premium growth, we’ll take them. That’s our number one priority. I mean, we’re in business to produce underwriting profits for shareholders. So where we have an opportunity to expands our business through underwriting we’re going to take those opportunities. Having said that, though, we’re not going to keep excess capital on the balance sheet, so depending where the market goes, how this hurricane season fares for the industry and us, we’re going to reevaluate where our capital position and we’ll continue with share repurchases if we can deploy the capital in the marketplace.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, on a normalized basis, I think it was in the 20% range. The reinstatement premiums, they weren’t that significant. The one large deal is, I gave you the delta, it was like 11%, 36 versus 25%. And that’s a deal that has always been return on a two year basis. So for year-over-year comparison it throws off our numbers a bit for you guys. But you’ve known it for years that we skip a year and then it comes in. On an earned basis it makes no difference, because you’re earning the premium over 24 months anyway.Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Inc: All right. And then just in the follow up on the reinsurance segment, what do you think is a reasonable expectation for growth going forward? My guess is it wouldn’t be in the 20s.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. Listen, if I was that good I can predict the future I’d be in Vegas betting on the tables. I mean, it’s whatever the market shows us. We don’t shy away from underwriting and taking risk as long as we believe that there is a profit in the transaction. So we found opportunities in the first and second quarter of this year, we took advantage of those. If those opportunities continue to be presented to us, you’ll see growth. If not, we’re not ashamed to go back to our defensive underwriting posture and have no growth or even negative growth.Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Inc: Okay. Thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I can give you the ranges, Josh. We’ve seen as low as 2.5% in some lines to as high as 6.1% I think. But you know our philosophy. We don’t change trend projections on a quarterly basis. One set of data on another diagonal, you know, it’s not going to change those projections. Our actuaries take a longer-term view and they look at both frequency and severity and they do it by what we call IBNR family or product line and then we use that in pricing our business. So the range is as low as 2.5%, and as high as 6.1%. That’s what we have by line of business. Of course, the highest is in the medical mile area, executive assurance has a high trend too because of severity, so.Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc: That’s a great answer, thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, to give me a little leeway to answer your question is what is a normal hurricane season? Would you define that for me?Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: 18 billion is the average 10 year losses.
Constantine Iordanou: So having one hurricane with industry losses of about 18 billion.Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes.
Constantine Iordanou: For our book of business, it would be containing normal cat loads so it won’t have any effect on our capital.Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. So then it’s sort of you’re just trying to navigate from an RMS 10 to an RMS 11 world and you feel pretty good about where you are sitting.
Constantine Iordanou: Don’t forget, RMS 10 and 11 is just another recalculation on the same set of exposures, right. You know, we’ve been operating with RMS 10 now for a couple of years, so we have an idea as to what our exposure is, how you measure them, etcetera. That’s why we’re very, very careful before we fully implement RMS 11 that we do understand all the changes that they have made to the model and we agree with them. Don’t forget, even with RMS 9 or 10 or going back, we always made our own customary modifications ourselves. And if you look at our cat management over the years I think we get pretty good marks. So I’m pretty confident in the ability of our teams to not only understand the external models but also how they internally make tweaks to them in order to serve our underwriting needs and that’s the process, you know, we’re going through right now. That’s why I didn’t want to just plug in RMS 11 without having a full understanding of what modifications they made, do we agree with them, and all that, does the empirical data that we have jives with that or do we have to make some of our own changes? John, do you want to –
Constantine Iordanou: There is no restriction in our ability to respond to market opportunities. We will stay within our risk management tolerance. We’re not going to increase that. We’re comfortable at 25% of common equity. We’re going to manage the book within that. And we’re comfortable where we are today. And RMS 11 will be implemented within the company shortly. We’re in the process of doing it right now.
Constantine Iordanou: We do own a muni portfolio which is a little over a $1 billion in the US, but the muni story is specific to each bond. We do a lot of the credit analysis within our worlds, we just don’t depend on outside advisors on that and we feel pretty comfortable where we are with our muni portfolio because even in some states that there might be a lot of stress, etcetera and there might be some municipal defaults, when we run that against what we own we feel very comfortable with the positions that we have on the muni side.Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. Hi Matt.Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Sorry to beat the dead horse here on...
Constantine Iordanou: Let me give you some preliminary color and we haven’t finished all the analysis. It seems to us that it has less of an effect in Florida for us because of the changes that we were doing to how we were viewing Florida risk. It has more of an impact in Gulf States, meaning Louisiana, Texas, etcetera, and most of that is coming from the changes in storm surge and also inland damageability going in 30, 40, 50 miles. So when I gave you those ranges of 15% to 30%, to be more precise it was like 14% something to 29%. The 29, it was mostly for the Gulf States, not for Florida. But I want to reemphasize again, these are our preliminary numbers because we like to be very thorough and our teams are spending a lot of time and a lot of effort on – not on the implemented model but understanding it and we don’t do things that we don’t agree with. So we got to get agreement as to what we’re going to implement by our own cat teams.
Constantine Iordanou: Let me reemphasize what John said before because there is rating-agency-required capital. And then there is Arch management required capital. We always calculate our excess capital on the Arch management required capital, which is a bigger number than what the rating agencies require us for our current ratings. And the reason we have that buffer, as we call it, is because we always try to operate with the simple principle that I want to begin the year and end the year with rating-agencies-required capital by having enough of a buffer that if I have a one in 250 year event or if I have a 200 basis points parallel movement on the yield curve and my balance sheet can absorb that shock, 500, 600 million, and between the earnings of the year, potential earnings and the shock, I begin the year and end the year with the rating-agencies-required capital. And that’s a very, very, very conservative position. Now, you know, as the models become more robust, you’re never going to eliminate the variability of the models around the mean. But as they become more robust and we’re getting more and more confidence that means we might not have to keep as much cushion as we have in the past. But that’s our own internal determination. And that’s why we’re spending a lot of time in trying to understand the changes in the model and what these numbers mean and how much cushion do we need in order for us to be feeling comfortable. And right now I can tell you, based on our preliminary numbers, I feel that maybe we won’t need as much cushion to bridge us between what the rating agencies want from us and what Arch management with a cushion needs. But we haven’t made those determinations yet because we’re still in the process of analyzing. The principle, though, we’re not going to change. We want independent of all these stress events, independent if it’s a financial event, with a significant movement on the yield curve, 200 points parallel move on the yield curve or a 50 or 60 or 100 billion storm, we want to be able to begin that year and end that year with rating-agencies-required capital so our rating doesn’t suffer. So we will be the company that is going to be the go-to company by clients because financially we will continue to be very extremely strong.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I – if you do aMatthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: How does that 300 change, because I recognize...
Constantine Iordanou: Well, it’s a simple calculation Matt, it’s a simple calculation. If you take it in a simplistic way as you put it, you take the worst case scenario of 30% on 700 million is 210 million, so the excess goes from 300 to 100.Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Constantine Iordanou: But it’s not as simple as that. I don’t want you to leave with the, you know, idea that it is as simple as that. That’s why we do spend time analyzing and understanding what we have. Don’t forget, putting – we don’t run the company because we want to be right that we have this excess capital, this short. We run the company on the basis, we’re taking good exposures, appropriate for the size of balance sheet we have and independent of major events, financial events, catastrophic events, et cetera. We stand as strong or stronger than most of our competitors. That’s the thought process. And because there is the day after and it’s how you feel the day after of a major event that is critical to us. And we want to always be the company that is first able and willing to satisfy the needs of their existing customers because they continue to have capacity and also acquiring new customers. And it’s all interrelated. It’s our thought process about what kind of balance sheet we have, how much room we have on the balance sheet, what the financial leverage is of the balance sheet; it’s all interrelated.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, Jay, you’re conflicting me, because you say trend and then you want me to – trend to me is something that takes over a longer period of time. One quarter. As John said, and I think in his prepared remarks he touched upon that, our expected claim emergence was lighter than what we –Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Cat events.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. Put the cat aside. But on the regular book, our expect both on an incurred basis and on a paid basis, but it’s only one quarter. So do you change your view for everything you do? We don’t. At the end of the day when we talk about trend is more longer term and looking at a lot more than just one quarter’s data.Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I probably misused the word trend then, I guess. But it sounds as if there was no data, no new information this quarter, which suggests a change in the environment, in the claims environment, frequently specifically.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I can only– we do the trend analysis by, as I said, by line of business, usually once a year. It’s not always at the same time. One quarter they will do one product line, next quarter they’re going to do another product line. And they cycle over, because you got to divvy up the work. What John said, though, we always look at but we don’t pay a lot of attention to it, is that, yes, we have an expectation every quarter as to how much emergence we’re expecting and how much, both on a paid and on an incurred basis, and it was lighter than usual. On the other hand, I had other surprises. My attritional losses on property, they were a little higher than what I expected. But that happens; one quarter you got attritional going up, another quarter you have attritional going down. It’s not always coming smooth. That’s the reason we don’t take one quarter – an indication of one quarter and we say that’s a long-term trend and everything is going to change and it’s going to be based on that.Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, in contracts that we have, we don’t usually hedge positions. We have what we call a natural hedge. If I write contracts that I have to pay in euros and I get paid in euros in premium, we try to invest the reserves we have or the obligations that they’re going to come in that same currency. Most of that we do by buying German bonds, some corporate, and we buy some gelds in the UK for the British pound.
Constantine Iordanou: We have not – we’ve got no Spanish or Italian or Portuguese, that or anything of that sort. None on our book.Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No exposure to Santander, for example. I saw it in – I think that was in your queue, but it was – must have been a special structured issue or something like that.
Constantine Iordanou: It was in insurance.Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Okay. So that’s what I wanted because you reported I guess a flat ex in your Ex-cat, but if the attritional fact was worse this year than others, there was actually sort of an underlying...
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. But also you got to look at change in mix too.Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Yes.
Constantine Iordanou: The change in mix is – don’t forget, our casualty business is coming down. The highest loss ratio is associated with long tail casualty. So when you’re going to writing less of that, and then you’re writing more in small accounts and short tail, who has a lower loss ratio. So you can go from one to the other unless you had a static book. You got to look at it by component.Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Understood, I just wanted to make sure that’s – doing something new...
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah...Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Okay. Also, your comment at the beginning about the 9% accident year return across the book, how does that differ insurance versus reinsurance? I assume it’s higher in reinsurance.
Constantine Iordanou: No, I don’t want to embarrass my guys.Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Okay. Okay, fair enough. But I guess I am just wondering if insurance is pulling its weight...
Constantine Iordanou: Ian, you will never get enough empirical data to feel 100% comfortable. That’s why you got to make judgments on these things. And I – you can get very smart people on both sides of the table and they can have very good arguments and they both – you know by definition they both cannot be right, but the arguments can be very logical. So that’s why it’s taking us some time to understand it and implement. Because it will have implications as to what happens to us as a company and what happens to the marketplace.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, there is two areas that you got to look at. One is your absolute tolerance. That is a zonal tolerance that says is 25% of equity capital. That might only be affecting one or two or three zones. This is a big world. The second part is where do you see price improvements, especially in areas that you did not have significant participation in the past and you have nothing to do about your capacity from a balance sheet point of view, to engage those areas but you just didn’t like the price? And there is a lot of room for us. Depending what happens with pricing, in a lot of zones, Japanese quake, South American quake, New Zealand, Australia, European wind, et cetera. In all those zones we’re still significantly under leverage, or underweight, from – the areas that we’re getting close to our risk tolerance is mostly in the United States, Northeast, Florida, maybe the Gulf Coast. So you got to look at it from that perspective too. So sometimes, individual pricing gave us more opportunity to write in parts of world that we were not a significant participant in the past, and we took advantage of it.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. Some of it was from international covers. Some of it was from the U.S., but some it was from international covers, yes.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, no different what is in the prepared remarks. I think we have pretty much bottomed out. I don’t think there is significant pressure for further deterioration with the exception of a couple of lines. Having said that, in some lines, getting 1% or 2% increases doesn’t even keep up with trends. So you’re losing ground on that basis. Our retentions for us is because, not because we like the business war. You’re seeing a change in our retentions because in the shift on the book of business. The more we write in small accounts, which we keep 100% net, it will have an effect into the net to gross numbers. And as the – where we buy the most reinsurance is on the large accounts, the Fortune 1000 type of accounts, and as we write less of that, you see the changes in the retentions. So part of the retention is not a change in strategy to buy reinsurance in a different fashion, but is more as the outcome of the shift in the book of business that we write.
Constantine Iordanou: There is lessons learned. I think everybody, including us, was surprised about the devastation a tsunami can have. And you’ve seen the pictures and you’ve seen the force, et cetera. And I think at some point in time, all of that we’re going to get recalculated into the models. It never really changed our view that we always view Japanese cat pricing to be inadequate. And for that reason, we – and we were patient for many years because in the years that you had no events, any price looks adequate, right. You take in premium and you have no losses, so it looks adequate. It’s only when the event happens. So I think we benefited of having way below our norm tolerance for risk in Japan because of pricing. So has the pricing come up to the level that it makes us want to go in with both feet? Not yet. We still have been very good corrections in the right direction. But also, I think, not everybody has digested the total loss that is going to emanate from that, because the business interruption and contingent business interruption issue, we still don’t believe is a big issue, but it still has not been settled. And we’re only going to find out in the next two to three years as it evolves. So I think you will see over time readjustments as to how those covers get priced. And if it gets to the point that we think it’s attractive, we have plenty of capacity to commit. But right now I think our appetite for Japan is limited.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I mean, it’s a complicated question. But you do anticipate aftershocks. It’s not proven to us that the aftershocks do significantly more damage to the existing damaged buildings. Usually there is a lot of damage that happens when the quake happens, and when a structure has significant damage an aftershock is not going to change your loss potential. A lot of these buildings, they get declared total losses. They have to be demolished and rebuilt. So the aftershock doesn’t have a major effect. Now our underwriters have empirical data and statistics, and we know less about quakes than we know about wind. Wind is a much better area, but in essence, you got to go with the long historical averages. People who say that I wrote this cover for half and I don’t want to write it for 2x because I’m afraid of an aftershock, it sounds illogical to us unless they have significant scientific evidence that an aftershock is going to happen and it’s going to be significant and it will damage new exposures.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, thank you all for listening to us, and we’re looking forward to talking to you three months from today.
John Hele: And Jay, because we’re under levered, if the market does turns more and it becomes quite hard we have great capacity to increase writings, if we see the ROE is there.Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Inc: Right.
John Hele: Yeah. So, Greg, I think, what’s important when you look at us and also think of other people in the industry as well is when we say RMS 10, as Dinos mentioned, it’s how we have implemented RMS 10. And we’ve already done a lot of backtracking of various storms and how that mapped the model and had increased some exposures in certain areas. And likewise, with RMS 11, we are looking at it the exact same way. We are looking at their changes and their empirical research, also from other vendors and looking at their research before we finalize and zero in on our final numbers. So the percentages may be different from us, from other people. It also depends on where the locations are. The RMS 11 versus 10 raw models have changed quite a bit by regions. So it’s going to depend a lot upon your book of business. And this takes some time to make sure you’re really comfortable with. But overall, we think we have sufficient capital for all this, and we’ll continue looking to write some good business.Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
John Hele: Yeah. So the duration of our entire portfolio, which includes everything, is 2.87. So if interest rates went up around the world, because we have business in other currencies, it would be 300 million, if you take our total investment portfolio and multiply that out by the 2.87. That, though, is – that’s a very big move from where we are on the whole yield curve across the board. More likely, you’ll see – you see this in Europe. It’s not the whole curve moving for these countries. It’s shorter-term and moving up more. It’s hard to predict. But I think we feel with our buffers we have versus our capital position that we can withstand some pretty big shocks here that happen around the world. When it comes to sovereign downgrades, we don’t have any exposure to the PIGS or the risks in Europe. It’s very hard to predict secondary impacts on what would happen around the world to these things. And the US downgrade is also hard to predict what might happen. You may think rates may go up instantly. History showed that when Japan was downgraded from AAA to AA+ in 2001, the 10-year Japanese bond actually went down 24 basis points in the subsequent time. So we’re in a very bit of uncharted territory here and by being short is really one of the best protections of being conservative on the credit quality.
John Hele: Matt, we aren’t in a position yet to give you any guidance on how these – the excess capital rating agency model works, because they work both with single and also aggregate and how all these add up across the board, how we implement RMS 11 can have an impact on that. So that’s why it’s still too early for us...Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: You know, that’s fair and that’s – I appreciate the color, Dinos, because I think, you know, I think what you’re saying is very fair and very thoughtful in terms of how to think about capital. And there are definitely some yins and yangs to how you implement this and it shapes your total view of capital. But I guess what we’re struggling on this side is just to try to think about – and this might not be the right way to think about it, but just for a reference point, getting a sense of what the potential change in PML does to count as capital on a static basis. And so I mean, if you held your buffer the same and let’s say, you know, if we just kind of held things constant and the PML went up, let’s say under RMS 10, let’s just say you wrote more business, that might not be fair. But if...
John Hele: Yeah, so Matt, we don’t think this constraints our ability to grow this implementation of RMS 11 from the preliminary work we’re doing. Because as I mentioned earlier, if we have seen great business around the world, we can issue some more debt and grow as dramatically. There would be a constraint, a local constraint. I mean, we may cap out to be at our 25% of common equity in one zone and then cap that out because we will never take too much risk in any one place no matter how good the pricing looks. But overall, we don’t think this is a business-constraining implementation.Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Now that’s fair. The color is good. Thanks.
John Hele: Well, we have a duration of three. So within – it’s been rolling down. We’re not only investing in treasuries. We’re investing in a series of investments around the world as well, both in the U.S. and other places. So it’d be next year to the year after sometimes.Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Second one, this is a short one. On the reinsurance side, the growth in the cat business, did some of that growth come from retro deals, because I know there was obviously some demand in the market for retro cover.
John Hele: Well, we just said, other than – in these areas we don’t have any.Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Zero. Okay, all right. Thank you.
John Hele: And Ian, I would not say that one is dramatically that much more important than the other because it depends upon where you are and where your coverage is at. Where are your exposures because these can have different impacts depending upon where you are.Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Got it. Makes sense. Thank you. That’s all I had.
John Hele: I would just like to clarify on the prior question about our exposures in peripheral European countries. We do have that $35 million – we still have the $35 million Santander covered bond in our portfolio. That’s our only exposure.
