Mark Lyons: We did say that 40% of that was natively on your papers, so wouldn't have been ceded from any Arch affiliate. And there was a slightly higher contribution from the insurance group this quarter than the reinsurance group. And I think that answers your question. 
Mark Lyons: Well Dinos and I both have an opinion on that I'll go first on it. It's a balance beam, if there is thing that you need to be mindful of and be efficient and you make there right tough decisions and there is other areas you have to recognize you might be going into bone and muscle and as Dinos said our business is to make decisions. You don't want to lose that decision making ability. So there is some level of carrying intellectual property we’re willing to have irrespective of what it does for the expense ratio. 
Mark Lyons: I'll do more directional than magnitude, but the U.S. operation continues to improve per our comments with the good improvement in delinquencies. The reinsurance was lower still, and lot of that is due to a calendar quarter effect of recognizing favorable results on reinsurance treaties issued a couple of years ago. You don't have gigantic earned premium numbers coming through a calendar so you make a change on a prior treaty on an inception to date basis and it can move the numbers. 
Mark Lyons: And Sarah [ph] I would also add we have Arch’s mortgage guarantee, which I tended kind of phrases like E&S carrier for the mortgage space. In that we'll do jumbo loans and other things that are nonconforming.
Mark Lyons: Just a little extra color. Those two programs annualized for about 45 million of gross written premium. We keep high nets on that, so apart from a net written premium number, firstly. And secondly, and it is pretty much even in terms of -- they’re both 20 in each. One thing to keep in mind though is that this quarter one of those programs is very heavy in the second quarter. So it was 250% [ph] of the total program. So the loss of that program is going to be more felt in this quarter than the any other quarter for the balance in the year from that program. 
Mark Lyons: Fast food was one, prefer not to really get into. But the underlying products themselves are really package policies. 
Mark Lyons: And as a follow-up to that the way -- targeting back to Dinos's comments, I think about this way, that the recruitment of any goodwill or any excess premium you pay relative to what we do in share buybacks. So if we’re looking for three paybacks and share buybacks where we know our operations, we know it's going on versus something that Dinos mentioned with a lot more uncertainty, the three year payback is in upper bound for recruitment of tangible book value hit towards and acquisition. So we’re very mindful of that. 
Mark Lyons: That’s exactly Dinos's comment about us being prudent in how we do it. One side, I’ll be honest with you, it’s more of the stretch to do that unless you could find that profitable bock trades out there. 
Mark Lyons: But if you’re are asking more mechanically there is money in the U.S. holdings company that is there when anyone needed that’s the mechanism through which you'll get it.
Mark Lyons: It's very, very tiny. It's really part of the value proposition that helps us. But as of yet it does not have material lines.
Mark Lyons: No, let me expand on it, a bit. It is a point in time estimate as I've mentioned, but we continue to have the same exact process, where we look at the liability stream and with duration match it and however the assets underlying shareholders equity are shorter. So, there is no fundamental change to the overall philosophy, the overall approach of matching losses of duration, which I think is most important type.  So, there's going to be tactical moves that happened from quarter to quarter. So, I wouldn't look for some big theme.
Mark Lyons: I would say, you have a slight increase in overall stock related compensation expense. For old dogs like me that are retirements eligible, there is different accounting treatment of a quicker recognition of those kinds of things. And it's a series of bunch of tiny things. So, it's not like an asterix for you if that’s your main driver.
Mark Lyons: Yes, it's a little worst. But it's converting -- now it was really the benefit of property CAT really and some other debt that really grows the differential. So, but I can’t get into exact numbers, it's a little bit worst on a gross basis, but that's exactly why you protect yourself with an effective ratio. 
Mark Lyons: Brian, Watford has its own management team and they have the ability on yea and nay on contracts but let's move forward in year, it's possible Watford forget Arch and Watford. So, Watford itself may decide to not renew something that they've found in the prior year because of ongoing rates separation or yields nothing realize -- something in that nature. So, it's not just an Arch chances, it's completely on Watford sense in their evaluation. 
Mark Lyons: The answer is accident year in mortgage business doesn't make much sense. It's after all the function of the delinquencies and then claims emanating from the delinquencies, until there is claim we can’t put a reserve of body, you can't anticipate performing loans becoming non-performing or having claims M&A from it. So we railed against the accounting proceeds statutory accounting in that business. So started jumping around.
Mark Lyons: Ian it's no different than any sector of our business. There was reserve reviews by the business unit actuaries that occur every quarter. And it just happened that those particular treaties had enough information and forward review that it was going to develop more favorably and it was recognized. 
Mark Lyons: That topic we really just focused on that fact that we recapitalized back in 2001 and all legislation and all proposals really had a grandfather clause. So I know you are asking a forward view but our look and the evaluation of that has been the preservation of what we have. 
Mark Lyons: Yes, the answer is yes to both of them. We always talk about the mix of business, these guys are active cycle managers, whether it's within reinsurance or within insurance and when you see it going negative, you can either drop something your -- attempt to drop some of in front as volume but perhaps, as Dinos talked about earlier the reinsurance market is in a place where we can get attracted terms. And get some benefit on that on net basis. So the insurance group will be looking for that change in mix, frontend and change in reinsurance ameliorate some of that. So, and mix alone could change that guy. So, on the written basis, in a quarter or two from now even with no changes in reinsurance related programs by the cycle management that one could be a plus 2 or plus 2.5.
Mark Lyons: Well that was the insurance comment. The insurance probably where you control for the large threshold was really the same loss ratio second quarter -- accident quarter, second quarter last year to second quarter this year. The reinsurance group it did go up a bit, but that’s the function of the mix to businesses because we’re not writing the property CAT. And we are near to the levels we used to in the past which has a much lower expected loss ratio.
Dinos Iordanou: And no company went bankrupt or had significant problems because of expense ratio. Most of the companies they have difficulty with results it’s due to launch ratio. So in echoing what Mark said, anything that is dear to us and dear to is our underwriting capability we have as a corporation, we’ll protect that. Of course we’ll be prudent managers and try to manage expense with that parameter.  So at the end of the day if it comes to what we call muscle, which is underwriting capability and knowledge is that it might not be fully usable at this point in time, we’ll retain that because we make decisions for the long-term, not for short-term. And when things we can eliminate and they don't have a long-term or short-term effect to what we do we’ll be prudent managers too and do so, so we can get a more reasonable expense ratio. So that's our philosophy and that’s what we’re going to practice as a management team. 
Dinos Iordanou: Absolutely. Because at the end of the day there is wonderful things you can do in a good market in reinsurance, but you need to have the capability. And I think we've proven that our reinsurance team is one of the best in the industry over the last 12 years, 13 years, all you have to do is look at their performance.
Dinos Iordanou: He is going to give you specifics, but I can tell you the reinsurance business was slightly better than our own MI business for the reason most of our reinsurance business that we wrote is in the very best years in the business. This is 2011, 2012 and 2013 commitment. So we want to get more specific markets. 
Dinos Iordanou: Well it will be a steady improvement. Not only you have to get -- to sign up the banks, but eventually you got to make sure that from an IT point of view on the pipes, they are open, was starting to receive that. So I wouldn’t say you are going to see an abrupt change in that trajectory but as you know with the mortgage business as the quarter adds, you know -- and we're pretty happy with the progress that our sales force is doing and also the business that we're receiving. We had received from 270 banks applications to write the business. We still working, we are not on optimum pace yet. I'll be happy when I'm receiving from all 700 or so and I don’t how long that will take because these projects they get into the IT department and sometimes they take six weeks, sometimes they take six months, so I can't predict that.
Dinos Iordanou: With one of the highest rated MI paper. So from a credit point of view we should be -- and we have a terrific reputation on service with everybody that we have done business so far, we are getting very, very good comments about our responsiveness and our service capability. So the combination of those two I think it fairs well for us for the long-term.
Dinos Iordanou: That’s an additional service we give to all these banks for loans that they might repaying on their books and they won't go to the GSCs. We have that capability. We did very -- let me reemphasize, very highly rated paper.
Dinos Iordanou: The answer on your [indiscernible] question, I have no clue. I don’t see you know how, they come out of the blue and you know there is lot of dating and lot of marriages and all that. But I don’t know. From on a assess point of view, let me give you our view, our view is that, by consolidating on the primary side you have less buyers, or more concentrated buyers for reinsurance. So I think that will put some pressure probably through the pressure on the reinsurance purchasing because the bigger the buyer, the more they buy, the more the leverage they have and also they can use even alternative structures as we have seen with some. On the insurance side, I view it as opportunities for the simple reason that history tells us that never in a consolidation or insurance operations one plus one equals two plus, it’s usually one and a half to one and three quarters, and there things are fall off the table, it could be people who want to make change in their careers, it could be over lining of lines and depending on coverage's and the clients says I don’t want to put all my eggs in a bigger basket now. So we're ready and willing and we have instructed our underwriting units to be a participant in that activity when it occurs. And some of that will occur.
Dinos Iordanou: Well let me take you back a little bit, because I think based on your question I think, you might be confusing underwriting ROV versus calendar reporting. We don't pay any attention to calendar reporting because that's kind of accounting and underwrite -- we allow accountants but they don't pay lot of attention to it. The ROE that we calculate is on underwriting basis, meaning, how much capital I need to support this business and what is the return when I ride a new piece of business that's the way we've based those numbers. So, prior year reserve releases or additions will not affect that, et cetera. They 10 to 12, we calculate based on our pricing model that comes from pricing actuaries, the mix of business we have and just to give you a little flavor is that we are very happy with our insurance business especially on the small to medium size accounts, they are producing good ROEs. We are not so happy but you can illuminate all of some of our larger accounts or ROEs. On the reinsurance sector, the ROEs have been very good for many years, but they coming down as the pressure continues, including a big component of good ROE was the CAT business, with that now is not producing what we fully expected for the high volatility line in ROEs and then we are very, very happy with the ROEs and the mortgage insurance. So, we put that all in a hamper, our actuaries go through that and that's how we estimate the underwriting ROE. I'm not telling you that every single thing that we do has a double-digit ROE component. If that was a case, we would have better than 10 to 12. We got businesses that they running may be 5, 6 or 7. And the question is should we get out of it or not and that's not an easy question. But usually we'll look at what the prospects are over a longer period of time and some time you’ve got to stay in those accounts and in those classes for a while at a lesser return on order for you to be a player when things to get better. So, that's the way we think about it and so underwriting ROE calculations not calendar year ROE. 
Dinos Iordanou: We view as a steady 10 to 12 for all times, so that I can tell you the underwriting ROEs in the O2, O3, O4, O5 years. They were in the 20s plus and that helped us to have mid-teens ROEs for some years when actually the underwriting ROE was in the low teen. So, we look at it both ways but I can tell you from underwriting decision making and viewing the healthiness of our business, we religiously looking at underwriting ROE. We allocate capital to treaties, we allocate capital to a primary business by sector and then we have an expectation of return out of that based on our pricing and then we calculate the ROE on that basis. 
Dinos Iordanou: With anything that we do, everything goes to an underwriting review once a year. I don't care this programs or D&O division or E&O division, et cetera. At that point in time, there is an actuarial indication as to, what rates we'll charging, what is the profitability of that book of business and then there is what we will call the rate indication. Then there is a discussion with our partners. We are approached with our program business is a -- we wanted to be a profitable. But also we want our MGUs to be profitable. You don't have a partnership, if one makes money and the other one doesn't and vice-versa. We want all of our MGAs, MGUs to be profitable and we want ourselves to be profitable. And then there is a discussion, this is the market, this is what we believe, we should be charging and sometimes there is disagreements. If the disagreement is large enough and we don't believe we can achieve that partnership going forward that both of us will make money then we'll make the hard decisions and then we decide to part companies and unfortunately it did happened for two of our programs that our rate indications and what we wanted to file and price that business in the marketplace was not in agreement with our partners and they chose to go elsewhere.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. We care a lot about our shares, it's our shareholders value. But if the transaction is large enough and our cash capability even though there is not significant leverage on the balance sheet. So we do have borrowing ability to a certain degree depends on how big the transaction is, we’ll consider issuing shares but that’s the last consideration not the first. We try with all of our decisions not to dilute our common shareholders. We don't like a lot of dilution. 
Dinos Iordanou: For the simple reason that when these transactions are taken, then we get, in the mortgage phase you make a transaction in a particular year and you have a stream of revenue that comes over the six years, seven years. At the time that these transactions took place we were providing very valuable capacity to people that they needed capacity. And for that reason I think we had equally negotiating leverage as they did. They needed our capital as much as we needed the business, so that’s a good combination and for that reason we got terms that are not disadvantageous to them, but they are not disadvantageous to us either.
Dinos Iordanou: The growth is starting to show, but don’t forget also we had an acceleration of expenses because we were building these marketing teams that is out there. We added in the last I don’t five quarters some 60 people, purely in the sales and marketing area. I think now we are on a steady state. So when it comes to that is not going be a significant addition in personnel, in a mortgage business, but as the volume starts going up you're going to start seeing the reduction in the expense ratio.
Dinos Iordanou: No, we gave you that number Josh, I think now we're operating at around 10, 9.7 I think is the exact number.
Dinos Iordanou: As I'm getting older I don’t like to be exact because I forget things but -- and we got a lot of room to go to 15:1. So I don’t see us requiring to downstream capital into those operations for a couple of more years until -- I think I use it size 3 shoe to a size 9 foot, you know we still got the opposite, foot is size 3 and the shoes is size 9. We got a long way to grow to fill it.
Dinos Iordanou: And how these banks that going -- is really hard, the fact that we have that capability though. It opens towards and it allows for a better conversation as to what can we do for these banks beyond that odd are you going be cheaper than somebody else.
Dinos Iordanou: We never really run the company in any segment with the exception of MI because we think it's a very-very good time to grow on a growth prospect. Now, having said that, you’ve got to match revenue with expense as long as you don’t cut muscle and I will expect one or two points higher expense ratio than normal, as long as I'm not losing underwriting capability because that underwriting capability can produce what it will cost you to maintain for a year, two or three in one quarter. Then we remind you guys that in the 2002 year our reinsurance operations produced on an underlying basis $790 million worth of premium and we had 22 people, right? And you it can come and I can tell you the profit coming out of that was significant. So at the end of the day it's the balance and you got to make those more judgments, but I can tell you if I got good experience underwriters they don’t have to worry about their jobs as long as with us. We’ll find things finds for them to do and if they don’t, we'll have to ask them to play golf until the good market comes.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, it will depend. If the same underwriting process that we have for everything else we do, the only difference between what Watford will do versus, what Arch will do is we believe that they've ability as they take a little more risk on the investment side to produce a higher return on the investments gets factored in, but they can be -- they’re turning down business tool. So, without having something in front of me, an account to go through is very hard to predict and that's why we never predict volumes because the market can be very fickle, it can churn on a dime either way, you can get much worst quickly and you can get much better quickly depending on what happens Our projection is that -- probably getting worse before it will get better and for that reason, we're very, very careful in our underwriting processes. So, we don't have these kind of feeling that we get too optimistic on the basis that things will change quickly and then we can make it up in the future. We tried to write accounts that in our view will produce an adequate return and that's why you saw a volume gone down a bit.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, there is some of that, yes, absolutely, that's why -- and that was the purpose of us, creating Watford instead of throwing that business totally ours, at least -- we can go to applies that we get participation. We have on investment in it, they keeps us aligned in that and also we can benefit from the -- on sharing some of the course because if you discard the business you have no revenue at all, where if you riding it, you're getting reimburse for the cost of riding it and then potential that you have also the profit, sharing in the back end.  So, yes, there is some of that business that otherwise would have been lost by us, but it has gone to Watford, yes.
Dinos Iordanou: It's their reporting from the clients. When they are showing significant improvement you can’t ignore it and they have shown significant improvement.
Dinos Iordanou: Like I said price and financial is the fourth item, so if the first three meet criteria, we would get into the forth and by the way our view is both in us purchasing something or somebody purchasing us because, unless your my wife who says the house is not for sale, you are going to have the right price, the house is for sale, I’ll sell my house if somebody gives me the right price. So no emotion here. Our view is we’re employed by the shareholders to do the best job for our shareholders and there is nothing more to think about other than that. 
Dinos Iordanou: I have no idea because we haven't studied that and I don't have any more insight to it, it's highly a legal question than a structure question, if you want more, I'll do some research on it and offline we’ll share our thoughts with you. But it hasn't come across my desk as a situation that I have to focus on. 
Dinos Iordanou: Like I said, I mean we will -- you know Watford is an active insurer. It assumes the tremendous of amount of reinsurance. Their proposed rules are a working progress, so we don’t know the final rules but we will continue to monitor that processes and we have no -- we don’t believe there is problem for us complying with whatever rules they come up, because lets go back to the first thing, Watford is an active insurer that assumes a significant amount of reinsurance and it has significant of reserves.
Dinos Iordanou: Well thank you all for and we are looking forward to talking to you next quarter. And it's time for lunch.
Charles Sebaski: I wanted to just talk about the ROE profile on a consolidated basis for you guys and how that plays into -- if more capital needs to be returned. I guess Dinos you talked about for some quarters now that the current business return profiles been in the 10% to 12% range and we have appeared like this and I realized it's only basis points below that double digit level, but at the low end of that range in a period that’s relatively light on CATs and relatively strong and favorable development. How should we think about how you guys managed to the consolidated ROE profile? And how much capital you need to hold and whether there is capital in MI that’s kind of affecting that? That would help.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. No, I appreciate -- I just was thinking and I realize you guys look at it that way. I guess I was thinking of it in the view of if the underwriting ROE profile is 10 to 12 over a three or four year basis, it ends up mirroring up with the calendar year, no? If you are always writing 10 to 12, over time, the calendar year and the underwriting year should mirror each other, I guess. But I do appreciate the color.
Charles Sebaski: And I guess just one additional -- and into the business, you mentioned that a couple of the programs were terminated this quarter. I'm just wondering what programs and how many programs are left and what was going on that's kind of said? Was it an ROE, was it just people? What happened, because that has been one of the growth drivers for the insurance business and a couple of quarters where it's kind of slowed down a little bit? Thanks. 
Ian Gutterman: Well, that's what I was wondering. Was it reports from the client -- it was a little bit different market. 
Ian Gutterman: Got it. So it wasn't that you guys went in and looked at the contracts on your own and decided to lower the roll rate or something like that. It was that incoming information was significantly better and that you had to adjust to that. 
Ian Gutterman: Got it, okay. And then just on M&A, one of the things that gets speculated upon is the ability for you or some others on the island to help sponsor an inversion of someone who wants to get offshore. A, just is that a meaningful rationale to do a deal that is -- meets your criteria on other metrics, but maybe not as strongly as another deal that was better strategically and so forth? And did it have a singled [ph] to it? And then I have a follow-up on that.
Ian Gutterman: Yes, I'm asking if you wanted to do a transaction, there's no issue. There was some language I read about -- I can follow-up with Don off-line. But if you were to buy something, it could affect the status possibly, so I didn't know if that was a hang up. That's all I was wondering, but I'll follow up with Don.
Ian Gutterman: Of course not, just seeing if I was reading the language right, but you are not familiar we can follow-up offline. 
