Marc Grandisson: Good question, Elyse. I think the numbers we've seen for around $50 billion to $70 billion is not a crazy number. So I think that where we still have this imbalance occurring. I think that market has found a way to do the reinsurance transaction and buy coverage. But indeed, there was also a -- there could have been more to be had from a reinsurance perspective. But we believe and you heard on the call that insurance companies also had to -- a shock at sort into evaluate what they can buy and how much they could afford based on where the pricing level was.  So I think that just in balance right there of reinsurance. There's also, I believe, we also believe it's in balance in the terms and conditions in the overall broad industry that needs to be more of a function. On one hand, you could create capacity for cat exposure through third-party capital or reinsurance protection. But at the same time, we could also do it through improve in terms of condition on the insurance level. And I think that's also something that will help bridge a gap. And we believe that's going to be more of the key element as well for the next 18 to 24 months.
Marc Grandisson: Well, many things are needed. Obviously, you need -- it takes the time goes -- is going to appreciate in this world. But I think at a high level, at least we're not focused on M&A at this point in time. We're really focusing on growing the book organically. We're also maintaining pretty well EMI as well as other nonproperty exposure. So we do -- we are seeing a lot of opportunities broadly. And this is where -- what our shareholders are paying us to do and this is what we're doing. And this is -- this represents really a once in a little while opportunity to really deploy and really get access to the market in a bigger way to provide more capacity to our clients. And we don't want to miss that. I mean an M&A would have to strategically fit for us beyond the money I think right now, our efforts and time is better focused on organic growth, though at this point in time.  And this is where -- I think we have plenty of opportunities on our own.
Marc Grandisson: Well, I think the -- we're -- first, the one thing about the PML, which is so interesting to us is that we're in the early innings of where it's going to go. So we have to be careful that when we talk about this even internally ourselves, these are the early innings of our market getting much better. And as I mentioned, terms and conditions, we believe, also improving and really helping to manage cat and the cat-related risk better as an industry. So we'll see how that develops over time, Tracy.  I think that we're also a different animal than we were way back when. We've grown up our capital faster than the growth in exposure and needed. So the 25% before is probably a lesser number. I think you're quite right. And we also have to balance the overall portfolio risk profile. But having said all this, there's plenty of room to go from 10.5% to wherever we're going to end up. We don't know where that's going to be, assuming conditions say as they are or even improve further, it certainly will mean more PML growth.  I think that it would have to be substantially better. We actually have a very, very solid construct within our overall capital allocation that will dictate what kind of market share we would have of the market. And all I would say is there's always a place to go to the numbers you talk about, but we'll see if we get there. And I will also remind everyone that it's not a bad to start the index of one of the major brokers, as you all know, it shows us that the pricing for the cat is the highest it's ever been since 1990, even before Andrew.  There's a lot of room, and we're excited to see where that takes us. And one final thing I will take is if you look back at the '05, '06, '07, '08, if you go back on this, if you have enough of a memory or a good document retention policy or a bad one in your company, you'll see that our PML grew in '06, '07, '08, '09. So we kept on accumulating and growing the PML. So it's just a start.
Marc Grandisson: Well, we don't have a view on the view. What we have a view with [indiscernible], we have a mineralogists who evaluate the sea surface temperature, which I'm sure everybody is in those numbers. We expect average, maybe slightly above average last time you gave us a presentation. But as you know, Tracy, it moves week to weeks, and we'll see when we get there. We're a little bit almost starting this season, so we'll see how that develops. But we tend to take a longer-term view, Tracy, of the frequency and the severity of the hurricane season. So we believe that the pricing as it is right now accounts for a lot of deviation from the long-term expected that even if you had a little bit above average, I think that the market will be in a really, really good place.  Not only us as a part in the market is on the reinsurance side has priced the business with that long-term expected, which has, as we all know, a little bit of that increased frequency in of late. So that is reflected in the marketing that all companies are using.
Marc Grandisson: I think the last part is a true statement. I think the Q2 numbers you saw for some of the other -- some of our clients actually and competitors demonstrate that that's a little bit more retained. And these are the kind of question. I mean if you get quite a coverage, you have to retain it yourself. The terms and conditions change, this is what fastening for this market, it is not only a property cat terms and condition change. It is a very broad-based property terms and conditions and price improvement that is sought by a lot of companies.  I think the market globally has the like I said last quarter's scoring the camp, but having to mend and optimize and reshape and re-underwrite the portfolio. And one of the key things that we see that evidence is that, is that a facultative team in our property have an increased amount of submission this first half of the year. And what's interesting, the E&S property on the insurance obviously has some kind of exposure, a fair amount of it, but it's not only that. Our [indiscernible] data book of business is not necessarily. It's actually not cat-heavy portfolio, which is an indication as fact that it is typically in any market is a good indication for where the market psychology is.  So beyond the cat when they provide fire protection, the pricing and the conditions are improving there as well. In very much a broad base and in the early stages. And I will say and remind everyone, and we have to remind ourselves of this is that this is a second or third year of property rates in terms of consumer loan approval. So it's not the first shot at it. It's an ongoing process. And I think that it just got -- we position in top of mind to and certainly in the second quarter. This year, we believe will help maintain a bit of that going forward.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, you have to bifurcate the market to your question. I think the overall statement, I will say is that from our perspective, we look at our portfolio, as you just mentioned, by all the specialty lines and most of them still getting rate increases that actually get a bit more pickup in rate increase on the last quarter or 2, which was a good thing to see and the right thing to see, obviously. But I think the workers' comp is a good example for rates not going up still, and there's a reason for it. It's been historically well performing, performing better than all the initial picks from all the folks out there. So I can see why there is some validity or at least reason behind that.  This is what I would tell you the word we use for the industry right now in the U.S. specifically is rationality. It's a very rational market. That's a reason for things to happen. The reason for example, are economically based and not grow the market share or making it flash or marketing driven. Companies are really doing the best they can to underwrite the best and being appropriate, like in getting price increase a certain degree to line that needed more than others. I think the market is fairly rationalize for future.
Marc Grandisson: I think we've grown our portfolio, right? I mean, you can see that the exposure of growth. I think the proxy for market share is probably better to use the delta and the PML, even though that's only one zone. But as Francois mentioned in his remarks, we do have -- we have an increased participation in a much more wider set of property cat exposure that we used than before.  But the market share that we said anywhere from historically from 0.5 to 0.8 is going up a little bit. And I think I will use the PML as a proxy. That's the best thing to tell you right now. [indiscernible] zone.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So a very good question. I think this may break it in parts. I think that, yes, we do, as you know, as a reserving practice, we're very keen on the reserving being prudent. We do reserve to a higher level of trend that is embedded in the pricing or what we even observed in the data to make sure that we're accounting for this. I think as a result of that uncertainty and the need to get a bit more cushion and the uncertainty that it generates. I mean, you heard us on the other call, I think it does generate that need to get higher price for that reason. But there's a -- there's a recognition in the industry that we need to be a little bit on this side of the decimal, create some kind of margin of safety.  So I do believe that companies are pricing for a higher inflation ratio going forward and also adding a little bit, and that's what helps and sustain the hard market as we speak.
Marc Grandisson: In mind what you're saying also recognition by the MI group, there were more uncertainties and potential recession figures of things going on. So the assumptions when you do reserving in the long term at that time, you'll tend to increase because of the increased level of risk. So I think that also could explain why well after 2, 3 quarters, we don't need them well is because things are also wise we now changing for the better as we speak on the MI. So that could explain a little bit why it's a bit higher this quarter.
Marc Grandisson: Just to let you know, in terms of loss emergence in MI, it takes a little while, right? It takes 2 or 3 years for losses to start emerging. So it takes a little while to get to know what the ultimate is going to be. So I just want to make sure you know it's not like a one and done. It's -- you generate an underwriting year, takes 2 or 3 years for losses starting to emerge, right? Situations, situation, economic situation and the borrowers evolve over time. So I just want to make sure you know that it's not -- just because nothing has happened.
Marc Grandisson: It's happened before. From '99 to 2001, we had 2002, 2003, 2004, actually, we had a hardening market and liability side in the U.S. We have new lines of business such as and aviation going through the ringer. So we have that going. And I remember a period of time when Arch was underweight cat for the first 2, 3 years of its existence, and we were sold the going against the grain. Most people were shying away from casualty and doing more property. And then we ran into and then we had a hard market as well in property. And I think it helped maintain even the business on the liability line is a bit longer. If you look back the year '06, '07, '08 were still very, very good and the price decrease were not as probably as high as they could have been otherwise.  I think the one factor with these kinds of hard market and properties had is us competing is competition for capital. And I think it also helps buffer or paying down the rate decrease that would have otherwise have happened. And that's an important or rate stabilizing more than just going out for. So we've had this before. We've had this before.
Marc Grandisson: It hasn't changed the hold up. We hear from our third-party capital team and in the market. I mean, you hear from other markets, I think that there's a general more leveling off of capacity that's been deployed than we would have expected from the existing incumbent, which helps explain a lot of the price increase that we've seen in our ability to flex in incidents. We're not seeing or hearing supply increasing for a while. I think that there's still a very much -- the money that was there before that Brazil was requiring lower returns has not returned back to the table. And even if they were to come back to the table, what we hear is their return expectations, like ours have increased dramatically. So we'll see what that ends up.
Marc Grandisson: Well, activity, cat activity, of course, and demand increasing, demand people, like we said before, needing to buy more or having to buy the bullet and do the right thing at the same time as they are improving on insurance portfolio. That's a big tell for us.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So from a big zone perspective, it's gone up similarly in terms of percentage. It's a very similar increase.
Marc Grandisson: We've had a couple of -- we've had a couple of programs, for instance, in the Asia that we won, and we've had a couple of big but I don't think this quarter is necessarily a large transaction quarter right to where you make it sound. I think it was more regular growth. A couple of transactions here and there, but nothing to the extent that when we talk on the call as Francois mentioned in his remarks, that it has to highlight it specifically before. I don't think there's nothing really to highlight in this quarter, actually.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think pricing has improved over the last 2 years and credit quality stays really beautiful. And it's why among the best, I think we go back to 2013, 2012 in terms of quality of origination. So it's -- as you know, credit is not readily available. The availability of credit is still pretty tight out there. So from a credit quality perspective, Brian, it's as good. It's a really, really solid marketplace.  I think the market share question, which we never -- we don't lose sleep with this, as you know, Brian. I think -- I'll -- couple of things in the market share that we're trying to do in terms of shaping the portfolio in the MI is trying to get the higher quality, like I mentioned in my remarks, lower FICO -- higher FICO, lower LTV and also geographically go to the places where there's less perceived inflation or overvaluation and also, there's some different programs that have different returns, meaning they are less than we would have hoped for them to be and they just don't [indiscernible] threshold and especially, Brian, if you overlay the opportunity set that we have on the property side, it just makes for our fellow folks and MI willing to take the earnings that they generate and give it to us on the P&C side to generate even better returns. So really good return business, Brian, it's just also for us a matter of comparative ROEs as well as absolute.
Marc Grandisson: I think it's a hard one, Meyer. I think that our shareholders -- I mean, we could always see what we could do there. But from our perspective, I think we're more of a B2B and more of a commercial provider of insurance and specialty provider of insurance. Certainly, on the reinsurance side, we're helpful. Our companies -- a lot of companies are homeowners, homeowners are writers, and we do -- we do provide significant capacity for them, be it on a quarter share basis or excess of loss and also be on property.  So I think our game plan on homeowners is more to support the clients that we have because I think on a long-term basis, it has a set of characteristics, as we all know, and focus that is not necessarily core to what we do every day, great filing and everything else in between. It's a bit of a different animal for us.
Marc Grandisson: We've cut our ad book significantly over the last 12 months. You see even in 2022, we started cut already as we saw this. And again, it's a matter of opportunity, right? I mean we do some but we've cut the book heavily because of the better -- frankly, better opportunities on the excess of loss occurrence, much better, yes.
Marc Grandisson: We -- well, we had a -- when we grew at in Florida was, as you know, is a different kind of animal because of all the [indiscernible] small companies out there. But in general, I would say that our portfolio will opportunistically grow into the larger global companies. We tend to think that relatively not as the transparency of visibility into what they write. So our tendency is to be more of a super regional businesses and more ones that have a lesser footprint in terms of stake. We think we can better allocate capital.  This is sort of a high-level philosophy that we've had for years. That hasn't really changed our one. I think that we prefer to grow with these clients over time. But having that all this opportunistically, being on a core share basis of excess of if it's a large corporate, we definitely were able to provide more capacity, but they needed. As we speak and the price, we believe, reflected the higher level of risk that they have. So I think I would say same as before, we're a little bit opportunistically on larger companies.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So I think that excess of loss is very similar to the current, if you do change terms and positions and cut the coverage at the underlying portfolio level, it will have a leverage impact into your aggregate excess or occurrence, meaning it will definitely cut down the loss expectations heavily into these layers. But what I would tell you on is we're not there yet, right? This is the early innings like I mentioned to you before on the call is that we're going to have -- the phenomenon just talked about will have a much better perspective and view on this and the impact it's going to have on the losses next year and through '25. I think right now, we still have a portfolio that hasn't gone through quite 100%, right, of all these [indiscernible] that you and I expect to happen, I think, in the marketplace. So the aggregate of losses for that reason, probably still bad bet in 2023, right? So we probably need to see this underlying change in terms of conditions on the insurance portfolio before we can see this being a potential viable product.
Marc Grandisson: So from Pembroke, Bermuda, I want to wish everybody a good month of August, and we'll see you in the fall. Thanks for your support.
Francois Morin: Well, I wouldn't say there's anything one-off. It is certainly a very good quarter. I think our view, as we said in the past, when we had some quarters where there's a little bit more activity as we think it's better to look at it on a on a 12-month kind of forward-looking view. So is this quarter going to repeat in the future? Maybe, we just don't know. I mean, but I'll say it's certainly good. There's room for further improvement. But again, recognizing that there's going to be volatility in the reinsurance segment from quarter-to-quarter, I'd say it's -- I'll let you make your pick from there.
Francois Morin: I'll add on that. Just going back to Marc's earlier point about supply and demand and balance. In is obviously a big market. It was a big renewal in 6/1. And the reality is, even if we wanted to deploy more capital, I think, or more capacity, I mean, the buyers or the companies just don't have the resources or the money to buy the coverage that we think they should be buying. So there's a little bit of wait and see whether it will take -- it will be a full year before the they reprice their product and then it gives them more money potentially to spend on resource protection, which we, again, assuming the pricing stays at the current levels, we would deploy more capital. But certainly, the demand is a big factor in our ability to grow PML.
Francois Morin: I mean they're mostly gone. I think we've released a fair amount of the reserves that we put up in the early, in 2020, effectively during the early days of the pandemic. As I mentioned, like a lot of the cures that we're seeing now are from '21 and '22. So that's good news. And as you know, the reserve base has shrunk quite substantially from the peak of 2020 or late 2020. So we were still very prudent. We still look at the data every single month as the new delinquencies come in and how quickly we cure and all of that, but we're so very comfortable with our reserve position there.
Francois Morin: Well, it will be a function of the market. I mean it's -- we've been able to grow quite substantially in the last few years without raising any additional capital. As I've told many people over the last few months, we have the luxury of having a mortgage unit that provides a source of capital that we have been able to redeploy in the P&C space. So assuming similar conditions where P&C start stays very hard and mortgage still does very well, but isn't growing substantially, we still think there'll be -- we'll be able to generate capital internally. But again, hard to have the crystal ball on what 2024 will look like. So we're -- as I mentioned, we got plenty of capacity. We have low leverage, so that we got a lot of tools in the toolbox, and we'll react to the market as it presents itself.
Francois Morin: Yes. I'd add like COVID certainly through a wrench in the whole process, right? I'd say it's -- the way we think about the business today, the way that the environment is today is different than it was 5 years ago, it was different than it was 10 years ago. So great question, Josh. But it's -- no 2 periods are alike. And right now, back to Marc's point, I'd say the reaction or how do we think about court closing and courts reopening and coverages and everything that came with COVID, I think, I mean we're still kind of working through that. So that's why I think it would suggest that we're -- we like to be prudent and maybe even more so in this environment.
Francois Morin: I'd say -- I mean, we think we're in a good market. We know we're in a good market, but we don't know what tomorrow holds. So I mean rates could go up again by a factor of quite substantially next year. Again, I don't want to speculate, but there could be some markets kind of pulling back. And then I think -- I agree that in what we know today, it's unlikely that we would hit 25%, but we just don't know what the future holds. So I think we're cognizant that there could be better opportunities at some point down the road.
Francois Morin: Well, just to clarify, I'd say, Ryan, that the reserves, we don't disclose the reserves by year. We show the risk in force. We give you the total dollar amount of reserves as of -- $403 million at the end of the quarter and the same at the end of the year, but there are some shifts between what was at year-end versus now. I will say that most of the reserves that we've -- the releases in the first 6 months of the year, have been coming primarily from the '21 to '22 years, I mean, and a little bit of '20 as well.
Francois Morin: Well, they are -- I mean, they turned out to be really, really good. I mean the reality is with -- even with COVID and kind of what transpired after that and the forbearance, et cetera, I'd say, again, we've talked historically about, call it, a long-term average loss ratio in the 20% to 25% range, we're certainly going to be below that. Still a little bit more than -- yes. But I mean there still has to be -- we need more clarity on how the remaining delinquencies are going to settle or whether they're going to cure or not. But where we're at today, I'd say we're going to be below the long-term average.
Francois Morin: No, I'd say it's -- I mean we will look at the data, right? So I think some quarters, there's evidence that we can release a bit more this quarter, maybe not as much. It's a process that we go through every quarter. So I think our underwriters and our actuaries kind of sit down and take a look at the respective treaties and come up with a point of view on whether there's enough evidence to release reserves. So I wouldn't read too much into it right now. I think it's a -- just another quarter still, we think, healthy reserves, healthy reserve releases, but not as much as you said in prior quarters.
