Marc Grandisson: The loss ratio has been very good and actually, better than we had anticipated, probably a year, a year and a half ago. So we have ongoing improvement in notice of default and cure rates. So right now, everything we're pointing to is much less than the long-term average, which will be 20%, I would think, overall cycle. So yes, you could pick your number, Kai, it's very hard to predict the future, but certainly, we are in a very benign loss environment.
Marc Grandisson: Well, I think, I'm not sure whether regulars would do, but from our perspective, this is still a risky insurance product like everything else is out there, and what matters is, where are you about the return. And I would argue that even if you have a little bit higher than average return in the current environment, that’s probably more than makes up for some of the bad year that have occurred to the industry. So we're not losing sleep over this. There was no commentary to the effect that the loss ratio is too high or too low. In fact, I would even argue that the new capital framework from the GSEs are leading us to a directive – in a direction of still appropriate level of capital and return in the industry to make sure it’s a solid framework for housing finance.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So the growth year-on-year is a little bit of the story. If you look at the last four quarters, it's more consistent. The growth that we've seen over the last 12 months is continues to be areas that we've talked about before, international motor quota share. Actually some commercial auto, we have some opportunities in there and some workers comp opportunities of all things. So there's a lot – and some property specific, property cat related exposure in the reinsurance group as well. So the growth that we're seeing in reinsurance is consistent with our fishing and looking around in the world for good returns, better risk adjusted return if we can. No way from them, probably the more traditional commoditized reinsurance business. So it’s a little bit more bespoke than the rest of the things you would hear about in the marketplace.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So on the liability side, it’s a little bit easier to answer it because these things almost – a lot of question mark in the industry as to whether these are insurable and at what level and at what price. And as you know, it's not a big market. And currently the player that's been tagged or had been identified as being liable for that loss is going through a lot of difficult times, but we'll see how that develops, which currently developing as we speak. This is still a very small market, right, in a broader scheme of things. As far as the property is concerned, it's really uncertain. As I said in my opening remarks, the capital supply is still plentiful. There were talks at the beginning Kai, maybe that's what you alluded to the fact that there might be some changes to the modeling of California wildfires, but it's still very early. People are still trying to figure out what they have and what it means in their modeling. And as you know, it's a little bit isolated in fact, right. It's isolated to one area of the country and people will have a way to manage a portfolio and deploy capital in other areas. So it's a very hard question to answer because we don't know what the supply of capital is going to be by midyear. But largely, it would dictate, it should go up to some extent, but we'll see what happens.
Marc Grandisson: No, what we've seen that there's actually no indication that it's weakening. We see tremendous investor appetite for the product. As you know, that the GC's really started that we were in there as well as the soul MI that was accessing that market in the last year, most of the others have jumped into, I call it, the bandwagon. And it just makes it for, I mean, investors now have the ability that when they do their research, they do the analysis, they feel it's something that's repeatable. They can access that type of product not only through us, but also through some of our competitors. So as far as we can tell, there's still tremendous appetite for the product and it's expanding a little bit, getting some of our instruments rated has also helped, but we see that as something that there's nothing on the horizon that suggests that we will be able to execute on it.
Marc Grandisson: If they were to accept it, they should be happier than just other forms of capital. I mean, aside from just the traditional equity.
Marc Grandisson: We I think we will at some point. I'm not sure that we've crossed it yet. It's very hard for us to see and put to predict that. But you're right, over time, we would expect at the 2009 in prior – the 2008 in prior, is it going up. Yes, we would expect that. I'm not sure that we are there yet.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, clearly, there tends to be at the margins, quality for the finest market. It's clearly not a target market for the MI market, right? So broadly you are right, but in terms of what pertained to the MI market, our penetration for origination of MI, of mortgages in the refinance is 5% to 6%, so it's very, very small. The market that we are targeting that is really our bread-and-butter, if you will is a purchase market, and that's still pretty healthy, and that's really what we've been focusing on. So having said all this, if you look at it historically, the brand of the cycle with the brand of the DTI has been fairly consistent and I think that speaks to that there's not much of a difference between the credit requirements, whether you will be financed or whether you purchase.
Marc Grandisson: Not necessarily because you be refinancing with a different financial institutions and at the end, that institution may have a different agreement with a different MI, not necessarily.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, the answer is yes to all of those. I think in general, we don't think of either being in the market or not, be based on size. I think what it means to us is we would put in Malaysian to the market size, our commitment to that marketplace. And you have to – the interesting in Reinsurance, Josh, is you have to forget last year and look forward, because if you look back to what the losses you had, you don't have to make the money that you’ve lost. That’s clearly one thing that we always live by everyday. But certainly every time the proposition comes to us, provided we have the right information and the right perspective on the loss, if there's a profitable thing, we would do it regardless of the start of the market. Only thing that we would do is right size, our commitment to that specific market based on its size relative to the broad capital base of the company.
Marc Grandisson: We have internal proprietary credit analysis evaluation and you could also look at some things that are published by outfits of [Fairview Urban Institute]. And you will look at the relative you credit quality, based on an index, looking at a 90s early 2000 factoring income, credit score and all these various aspects of a credit worthiness of the borrower. And when you, run it through the grinder if you will, and you've come up with a number at the end, that number is half of what – half of what it was back in the late 90s in 2000. So this may on a comparable basis long stay it to be as apples-to-apples that's can be,
Marc Grandisson: In years 2014 through 2016. Then you have Bellemeade. We have about $1.1 billion of outstanding limits. On the Bellemeade that covers about two-thirds. Two-thirds of our portfolio has reinsurance against it. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: I guess I could tell you a lot more, but that's not going to get you what you want. So I think if you go back at least to one of my comments about six quarters ago, looking back at the characteristic at the time the numbers were 35% to 40%, to really start getting us to the risk-adjusted return that we believe is appropriate. We've had since maybe 10% to 12% rate increase, so that tells you we’re probably 25% to 30% still short of rate change to really get there. And again, I want to caution everyone that's listening to this saying that, that 20%, 25% is not going to come across the board all at once. There's some pockets that need a bit more than this, some that need a little bit less than this. But that gives you a flavor for how much more we believe we need to get us to start going the path of deploying more capital.
Marc Grandisson: Nothing yet. It's still very, very early. So we'll have to wait and see how it's rolled out, how it's actually developing in the marketplace. And I would say that for everybody's benefit that our risk-based pricing was created back in 2011. This is our UG – well, now our U.S. MI operation, and there is a lot of things that need to happen to have the run rate. So we're going to have most likely some bumps along the way. Our competitors are going to be trying things and figuring out things that work and don’t work out as well. So we're bracing for it. But the key thing from our perspective is we're keeping steady in our grid and our risk-based pricing and we're going to take, you know, whatever market, however they react, we'll be the beneficiary or we'll lose some business because it's mispriced based on our own. But it's too early to tell, Elyse. It's going to take a while.
Marc Grandisson: Right now, I think if you look historically at what went wrong, it really did not – I mean, certainly the credit quality or the credit worthiness of the borrower is extremely important, right. But what happened historically that really created the issue is a product development. If the product I'll be – like low DAC, no DAC, I'll say all this stuff comes back to the market. This is what would be worried about. Of course, the macro things that could impact everything is the housing price depreciation across the economy. The one thing that we're not worried about – the reason why we're not so worried about right now is because there is a shortfall on housing supply and has been there for quite a while. So everybody is predicting smaller price increase in house prices, but still positive for the next two or three years. So recession could probably put a bump on this. So if you look at it historically on some recessions in the past, we had times when house price increased by 1%. The only time it went down guys for your benefit and that's actually very useful to know, is only in the 2007, 2008 crisis. For the last 45 years, it never – the house price index, despite having gone through five, I think, different recessions, only came down once. The price index came down once. So the product is really the problem, Elyse, and we don’t see anything yet.
Marc Grandisson: Because we’re seeing some changes in some of our submissions and some of our data, it's still very early signs and it's really anecdotal, sometimes anecdotal, sometimes it’s actually real. So we're seeing loss trend picking up in certain areas and we believe it's only a matter of time before it starts spreading to other lines of business. And Meyer, as you know, we're students as well of the industry, and the CPI is about 1.8%, 1.7%, as I've mentioned that in prior calls. The inflation – or the insurance inflation is typically running ahead of it by 1.50% to 2.50%. So I would expect the trend that could be recapturing, having a very vibrant economy exposure growth and more friction in the marketplace, we would expect those to generate more losses. And the reason we're putting that out, Meyer, is because I want to put that into perspective of the price increase that we talk about on average, being 200 or 250 or 300 bps. It just doesn't make for a lot of margin of safety as you go about in analyzing how you allocate capital between lines of business. And as you know, more probably than I do is when you write a business in insurance policy, it takes years for you to really find out how bad or how good it's going to be. So we tend to take a more cautious approach to it. 
Marc Grandisson: Right. So our insurance group had some lumpiness to it, right. Not as much as reinsurance for obvious reasons, but there's still some quarters that are above average or below average. This quarter was sort of an average quarter for us in terms of large risk loss or non-attritional loss, as they call it. We have a hard time for everybody's benefit, slicing and dicing the losses in so many different sections. At the end of the day, we are providing insurance coverage for all kinds of losses. So this is what you're seeing right now is sort of what is a loss speaking to instead of all the things that could happen in our portfolio.
Marc Grandisson: As far as the government shutdown, Trump signed up something at the end of January, so it's releasing that base. So that should be a long way to alleviate any of our concerns there.
Marc Grandisson: And Amit, the one thing that's interesting with this one because it's such in a high price to get out of breath. You don't hear about the [98] others that are actually that worked out to our favor, but let’s leave it with that.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much, everyone. It was a good year. Appreciate your time, and happy Valentines to all of you guys.
François Morin: And to add to this, Geoff, I would also argue that the spreads are not widening, we don't see any indications of spreads widening. So this appears to be a stability of pricing expectations in the product as well.
François Morin: I mean, we argue, it's even better than traditional reinsurance because we have the cash on hand, so it's collateralized from that point of view, they…
François Morin: Yes. Well mortgage, right, we acknowledge internally that it's been two years since the acquisition and we're basically completed with the integration and we told hopefully we – you guys will remember that we told you it'd be a journey. We'll take a couple of years to fully integrate the two operations. And we're at the stage now when you compare obviously, year-over-year Q4 2017 to Q4 2018, we just realize more savings and technology and people et cetera. So I think we're kind of there. There's also a bit of seasonality that comes into play, but that we're truly in a good spot in terms of where we want to, where we think our expense base and especially operating expenses will be going forward.
François Morin: Well, there are 10-year transactions, right? So they're all different, some have features where we try to have the coverage be enforced for a bit longer, but I would say, about five years is probably something where we – as we keep rolling off, we're adding new ones. So I think that should remain pretty stable as we move forward.
François Morin: Well, the cat load roughly in is about 30 million a quarter, 30 million to 35 million a quarter that scan of where we've been – what we've been running at the last couple of years. And in these numbers that I quoted really all we do is replace effectively the actual cats with the expected or the cat load. So that's, hopefully that answers your question.
François Morin: Correct. Yes. That's full-year forecast. Expect with an unexpected GAAP year, which as you know as usually not the case. It's either lower or higher, but yes.
François Morin: Well, I mean both acquisitions were in the mortgage segment. So I would say that the expense ratio, yes, no question that in one of our acquisition in the UK, maybe a bit of integration expenses that will have – that will be reflected. But all-in-all, that you've given that the U.S. one was something that we – it's a partner as a business that we've done business with many, many years. That should not really impact the expense ratio. And the final thing, which you'll see in the 10-K is that we'll certainly trigger a bit slightly higher intangible amortization expenses that start coming through in 2019.
François Morin: Well the intangibles is all one number altogether. So – when we finish up our analysis and we published a 10-K in a couple weeks, you'll see that the slight changes in – from what we published year-ago which was primarily UGC related.
François Morin: No. We looked at this and we also thought about the government shutdown, which was on the horizon, but there's certainly GSE rulings that prevent us from these potential delinquencies developing into claims. And going back to the hurricanes, 2017 was different in the sense that both – in particular Harvey, where flooding was persistent for a number of weeks and is more damaging than Michael that came in and through that really have an allocated timeframe to the event. So at this time, we don’t think there will be any spike in our delinquency just from the cats.
François Morin: Well, from our point of view it was a – it's fully reserved. So there's no adverse development that we can see on this particular claim. Yes. It might with bankruptcy court and things could change, but if they change, we think they'll be in our favor. They'll reduce the number. But we’ve taken the most conservative view that we can think of at this point and we'll see how things play out.
François Morin: Well, it's really a one-off, right? It’s not a book per se. We have a small unit that focuses on these kind of the bespoke transactions. Typically there's a lot of them that are property type deals. This one was a casualty deal as well. And as you know, these, these deals come to the market infrequently that you don't know when they're coming. You look at the opportunity, you assessed the risk, you make a decision on the pricing and if the risk adjusted returns are there, we try to participate. So at this point, I mean it's really not – it's not really a book in itself. It's an emigrant, an amalgamation of policies that we write down in the ad-hoc basis.
François Morin: Well, yes. The matrix that you're referring to is still the starting point of our analysis. And the question that comes up often from many – many of you on the phone is, is with the growth in the mortgage segment. Does that matrix or that view change? And the answer is, is does, but it's not black and white. What we like and we told everyone before about the mortgage segment is that we liked the visibility and the predictability of the earning stream that it gives us. So the three-year payback that we've targeted in the past, we have a view that yes, maybe we'd be willing to extend it to four years to five years, who knows. But that's always considering all the options that are available to us. We talk about acquisitions, we talk about reducing your leverage. So there's all these aspects of capital managers when they come into play and yes, I mean, so hopefully that answers your question. So that the grid is still there, but it had – we have some flexibility around it.
François Morin: Well, we typically haven't done that. So that's the number you have in front of you is both for wildfires and Michael Bright, predominantly with a few, a small others along as well.
François Morin: Like I said, if we get the rates that we think are warranting an increase, we will increase. And we have increased some property exposure in the last quarter. So there were some opportunities to do it. As we said, it's just not a broad-based market opportunity, but we always look out for specific transactions or relationships to really take advantage of that. So we have – we're present on front street, we're open for business as you know, and we will do it, if it's there.
