Marc Grandisson: I think your assessment is right on. I think that you'll here on other calls that from the marketplace that the record are larger carry more limits are going to more dislocation because compared -- competitors are reevaluating their risk appetite, which is where the most deployment was, shall I say, overextended in the last several years. And this is where most mediation is taking place. And you'll find that mostly in the E&F and the large commercial, risk is this is where we've seen most of the increase in submission activity. We had been historically been who we are on the defensive for those risk, and we are very well positioned to take advantage of that. I think we are on a receiving end of looking at more of those opportunities as we speak, and this is where we're able to flex more of our muscle.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, they are. And I think there are also looking at us from a perspective commercial -- some commercial anecdote for you that we are one of the few that have heightened up the appetite for risk for our price appropriately. And I think community -- the book community and client community is very open to that and very willing to engage with us.
Marc Grandisson: I always have thought about everything. So my initial comment to you Mike is that, it's very early, right? It was announced last week. It's not early this week. And I think it's an attempt to, I guess, decriminalize being FHA as the result of banking -- the banking system sector sort of being reluctant to provide FHA part to its channel. But we'll see how that goes and where it ends up. There also uncertainty as to whether a different administration would have a different view. And the agreement would like to say and you do. It's too early I will say to tell you. In general, what we here in Washington, though is that the private sector is still most favored area where the government wants the mortgage insurance to be deployed. We have seen this for many years. We'll see where that takes us. But we're watching it, and we'll have more sense for where it goes and it's going to take a long time over the next several years.
Marc Grandisson: We don't manage the company on a market share basis, as you know, we just put out there are pricing and see where the market gives us in the quarter. But you're right with the new blackbox environment, it's a lot harder to see where everything falls out. And I think we're the only one that most of our competitors will feel the same way. And we're still in the early innings of how they deploy their pricing modules, how we -- how the client react to their versus ours. So I would just see that we put our pricing up there with our return and it so happens that we receive and we're able to write the amount of business that we wrote in this quarter. I would not describe any market share target from what we said.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, 3.5% for our portfolio, as you're pointingout rightfully is that it's a very, very diversed book and business. Some lines of business are still, as I said, it's not because of the board housing market. Some lines of business are flattish and some are actually getting way in excess on a 10% and 12% rate increase. And so new business are getting quite a bit of even 5% or 6%, even if you're in the middle-of-the-road. So I would just how you're thinking about your -- the starting point is still pretty important. So it's not -- the 3.5% is the one number at having Capture Rate everything, and it works well when you have a very monolithic marketplace or very monolithic book of business. But as you pointed, our market -- our business is very diverse. So I think that where you see growth is either because we're seeing good opportunities in terms of return -- to the returns regardless of the rate change if we have a rate change in a growing opportunity because than the rate changes clearly beating the loss trend [indiscernible] were always look for margin of safety. We're looking at rate change and claims loss pick it's not a game of decimal.
Marc Grandisson: Yes my to, if we -- if you look at the way we reacted to the marketplace acquiring business that gives us good return, good margin because it did not have to be because of rate change. It just may because we want to find a new home because of this operative report going of the players are set that business rate our balance sheet. And just add one aspect or whether the rate is going up. I think that we have a very, very straightforward actual method to look at where we were, assuming the loss trend and the rate change and we booked that appropriately and I would argue considerably so that we don't have surprises or we actually have enough room to maneuver going forward. But broadly speaking, margin has -- is expanding as we speak on business in this segment -- in this point of time.
Marc Grandisson: Well, yes, it's definitely higher this year because mortgage has done phenomenally well and we've got some cap on the P&C side. As the P&C market I think is improving slightly over the last few quarters, and hopefully, there is more room to grow. We'd like to think that the P&C earnings are going to start growing as a proportion of the total, and mortgage will be a bit less so. I mean, mortgage, we still think has a lot of runway in it as well. But just I think we can see more earnings coming from the P&C segments and that should help balance it out a little bit more.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, Josh, I think, we don't like to have -- mere forecast, but I think it's realistic to see or think that sometime in 2020 as we earn some of the premium that we've, again, the U.K., regional book that we'll shouldering and second half of 2020, like to think that maybe we should see some improvement. Everything else being equal, I think that's kind of we're thinking about. You guys have heard it, we've said before, we're still -- we started target, achieve a 95 combined ratio. That we're not committed to win whether it is at one year, two years or five years down the road. We're making the right improvements along their way, but we certainly -- at least in over the next 12 to 15 to 18 months, like I think that we're going to see some improvement coming through in the combined ratio.
Marc Grandisson: Well, the growth -- the overall market is getting better and you're quite right. Deferred system is actually growing despite the, if you look at of the NBA for the next couple of years to growth and mortgage and origination, it's still there in the purchase market. The refinancing was not a surprise, but it's a reaction to the drop in mortgage rate by 110 bps over the last 12 months. And that's to be expected. So we have this -- I would say flurry, but we had this heightened activity of refinancing that is occurring. And the reason we -- the reason that the refinancing is still the biggest -- I would say the bigger portion with MI attached to it, a lot of it was originated recently, and they still haven't across the LTV blow 80%. So it allows us actually to go back again to the same client and re-up our mortgage insurance offering to them. That's it.
Marc Grandisson: So risk wise it's a little bit -- it's above the same risk wise. It's the same goes for the same price as you are evaluating. I think there is -- pricing is a little bit less pricing and a lot of it has to do with -- it's sort of rolling forward the same book of business. It's like a renewal book of business. So we're saying slightly less. But I think of risk-adjusted is very, very similar after you factor everything in.
Marc Grandisson: I think you can make some action points to try and protect our book of business, but the latter is more likely if you don't do anything. I think it just goes through it back. It's thrown back to the pool. It may be refinanced by a different mortgage originator to begin with. So that will have different relationships going along with that. So...
Marc Grandisson: Well, the way we look at it, it varies obviously by layer or some of the old Bellamy's of advertised. But big picture, Geoff, you should think about roughly 3% of the outstanding balance as the cost. So we told you we about $3.7 billion of outstanding Bellamy limits in place, a 3%. And I will let you do the rest of the math.
Marc Grandisson: Right. Well, certainly initially the attach and detach structures were very much focused on PMI or coverage and capital requirements. I want to say in the last few weeks we moved a little bit, like you said beyond that, there's a bit more focused with rating agencies that have slightly different views on capital requirements. So we're always interested in the trade-off and making sure that, yes, maybe we can get some additional protection at a rate -- at a cost that is efficient for us, and that's part of our capital management decision. So it's -- that's how we look at it. And I think part of your question, there is tremendous appetite in the investment community for such products. As you know, and the fact that we're expanding the programs a little bit and going up a bit more in to the, like you said, pass the [indiscernible] we've had tremendous success in placing those instruments. And we think they are hopefully there for us down the road.
Marc Grandisson: It's just a normal rolloff, Geoff, or -- as you know, we've been added since 2014 so you would have a sort of a seasoning and still getting sort of a run rate in terms of appetite and having frankly our allocation did more stabilizing for the last 2, 3 years.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, that transaction is very unusual. And I would call -- I would put in the camp of a bit more opportunistic in nature. We don't want to renew it for the foreseeable future but, you know, this came to us with a lot of these changes to the pricing, detachment point, and whatnot. So it's not that we renewed the same structure that you're necessarily on. So there's a lot of moving parts to that transaction. That one would be squarely in the camp of -- tremendous distress, which you said in your comments, François, differently at the heightened level of return that we believe more than covers any of the range of outcome of potential outcome on the loss trend going forward. That's about safety here.
Marc Grandisson: Very similar. I mean the construction in national accounts would have -- workers comp so we have a good more view on the loss trend in there that helps taking our loss picks. On the E&S casualty, I think you would a very similar phenomenon not to the same distress level, that I just mentioned in the reinsurance transaction, but certainly you have similar overtones of distress being pushed into a different marketplace than having to be a repriced. And at price level that we believe far make up for any uncertainty we had in terms of really loss trends.
Marc Grandisson: I think the reinsurance playbook is a little bit different. I think you have, you can buy Steckler pen, embarked on a significant partnership with a leading company and reinsurance and really move the needle quickly as we saw on the transaction just mentioned on the insurance slower build. But I think, if you look back at our 2002, 2003 history, the reinsurance team is a lot quicker because I had the ability to be much more quicker and get access to business that's going through rate change and improvement rather much quicker than our insurance group well. But the insurance group is not far behind as you seen in the numbers in this quarter. SO more from the same playbook, Yaron.
Marc Grandisson: No. It's early. So I mean, there is no LBD, there is no incoming port in. So it's a great multiyear deal. And then in terms of ratio is not really. So there is normal level of loss ratio, expense ratio, it's been a whole lot has been hard it is. So it really in the big picture for the segment. There's no impact at this point.
Marc Grandisson: I'd say, roughly speaking, there is probably a good, I mean, more than half, may be 2/3 is from the acquisition that we've made. So we brought on a fair amount of people with the acquisition, and as I said before, beyond the premium as to earn and we think that by early 2020 that portfolio would've been fully with us for a full year. And then, on top of that, there is still a few more adjustments or investments we've made in terms of staff. We brought in some other underwriters to help supplement some of the lines of the business where we see opportunities and other small areas, like I mentioned, claims and IT where there are still investment that we think are making that are appropriate than at the right time for us to make them. I don't think those will keep growing as much. So once the premium that we're putting on the books now turns out or earns over the next 12 months, it should stabilize and level out and may be even kind of go down a little bit.
Marc Grandisson: The property that we are growing leaves some balance is not necessarily -- some of it is getting exposed on the insurance side, but there is a cat cover reinsurance protection against the volatilities as a result. On the reinsurance side, I think most of that probably growth is not necessarily cat exposed. So it's a bit of a different growth. Some of the cat exposed, some of the grant cat growing, although we wouldn't say we are relatively underweight very small compared to what you would expect to be on our side. So no we don't expect much more volatility as a result of that.
Marc Grandisson: Well, it's not, 100% comfortable. But maybe you noted in our numbers this quarter the PMI ratio went down in the third quarter as a result of a fairly substantial evidence that was upstream from the U.S. and MI operations to the group. So that is money that was -- that is available to find growth in both insurance and all their other lines of business segments. So how easy is it to do? It's a process. It's not certainly can't do it on a whim or, just overnight. But once we get the regulatory approvals and we sit down with them and show them scenarios and stress scenarios and forecasts and certainly figuring out also conditions he reserves, so there's a lot of sad stories we have to abide with, but picture, we have the ability to use some of that capital and move it around and used in other areas.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it's more expensive. And I think that more one of the investments that we talk about is to get much more efficient in dealing with those submissions and being more proactive using tools, such as [indiscernible] to really get to the one that we have a higher chance of hitting. So that is certainly part of, yes, absolutely, to the point that we are investing to be able to augment the throughput on the platform. That's one of them.
Marc Grandisson: So right now, we're seeing more submission coming to us. Our hit ratio is not -- it's still in its early stages of finding its footing. Is also reactive to the marketplace price. So -- but clearly, we are finding, and the new business, similar and possibly in a growing modes -- more of our liking as to what's being proposed, can the marketplace. By virtue of the fact that that business did not put out in the EMS market for pricing or for consideration, tells you that it will be most likely repriced. The problem that we have with this, as you could appreciate it, it doesn't mean it's repriced. It's repriced adequately. Right? You could come in come out of a place where it needs probably a 30% increase to get to this E&S marketplace and only command at 10%, to 15%, that's not enough for us to do. It's still very important to be selective in what you do and maintain as we have our underwriting discipline.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I'll start. And then something will join in. At a high level, certainly, there's only so much we can say but we're still very committed to the Watford platform. It's been good for us. I think it gives us the ability to access business in a different way that we couldn't be able to do. So just with Arch. Third, the stock price, who knows what the market is thinking. I would argue that maybe there's overreaction in -- based on some of the others hedge fund reinsurers and platform. So I would expect late or think that words can ago but I -- my personal believe that it's probably a bit -- some of the reaction going on. So, Marc, anything you want to we make anything you want to add to this, Ron, I'm still in and I feel like the company's perspective and I would even argue that it's even better this point time I think that marketplace is getting better and watch for is uniquely positioned to sit side-by-side with us and as we underwrite in right could business from the books. So I'm actually more positive if anything today or 6 months ago, which I was already positive to begin with. There you go.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I mean, it's not major. I think I just made the point to what, have you guys think about it so that, it can happen. These things happen. This quarter was Thomas Cook, this could have been something else. So right, it's not out of the norm. It's. Right now it's around at 3% impact on the loss ratio this quarter. That's right we are in the business of doing. We ensure. We are in the risk business, and we're not making excuses. We just letting you know, very consistent that what we've seen the something and highlighting it. So that's -- that's all I want to see no.
Marc Grandisson: I think it's not changing where we are going. I think that the market is most likely helping us getting there quicker and sooner. What I would tell you.
