Dinos Iordanou: Multiple questions. Let me start with, we’re always focused intensely on everything that we want. I don’t care, if it’s insurance or reinsurance, the MI or Watford. So, that focus is always going to be there, but it doesn’t preclude us from also looking forward on other opportunities. Your question about M&A activity, yes we are willing to look at opportunities presented in the marketplace. But still I prefer way is to build versus buy, we find that from a lot of different perspectives to be more attractive. Culturally, we better selection or at least the selection of people that we believe culturally fit with us et cetera. So and there are some of those opportunities that we are pursuing now globally that will fit into the category. And of course we will not say no to a potential acquisition if it fits our characteristics. It is specialty business that does it fit with our D&A is the underwriting pasture past and going forward a good fit with us because maybe I am very bias to culture within a company. And one thing that I am extremely careful is not to change the culture that we have within Arch. I am not saying it is better or worse than anybody else, but it is what it is and it seems we have had very good performance over 12 years following that philosophy I am kind of the guardian on it. So with more of a difficult company to come to an agreement on an M&A opportunity because of all these issues.
Dinos Iordanou: Well we’re going to be reporting that in our Q and eventually don’t forget this is our first attempt on MI disclosure. And as I said in last quarter we’re looking also from input as to what is going to help you as I know is viewing our business. So any suggestions you have or what kind of information that will be helpful to you to see, get with Don Watson, which is the head of our Investor Relations. And then if we find it appropriate, we’ll improve disclosure in our press releases and supplemental data.
Dinos Iordanou: And John, accident year in one quarter especially the most recent quarter is a self grading exam. Self grading exams to something that it has more than let’s say five year duration is in full paradise. At the end of the day, look at me five years from today and you see how well we’ve done on that business. Now, it makes it difficult for you guys to estimate and I understand. But I think the historical performance which is where Mark is pointing you, might give you an indication of the culture and also the methodologies that we go through in making these long-term reserve decisions that we have to make.
Dinos Iordanou: That’s correct. When you write a very long tail line of business, there is a few of these, we have treaties that we have booked at 110 combined, we have treaties that we booked 115 combined depending on very long duration of liabilities. And you are going to earn the adequate return because the investment income is going to come over many years. So, when you take those cash flow metrics and value them back and then you look at it from that perspective, and that’s why I made that comment the 11 to 13 on an underwriting year basis, because that’s the [states] that usually make all of our decisions. When we bring all the cash flows, we want something, it’s going to be revenues and expenses going out and claims going out over a long period of time, we bring it all back to that underwriting year and then we make that determination, what is the expected return, and that’s what guides us. I mean that’s been the methodology, not only from a pricing point of view but also from a reserving point of view. So, and usually we’ll start reflecting some of that depending on the longevity of the business, maybe four, five years out, we take another look at, we’re not going touch it for four, five years, because it’s too early. You’ve got to allow that data to come in, you get more confidence and you say, hi maybe my reserves are little higher than they should have been. And the beauty of our reserves, nobody has fixed their hands in your pocket and takes some money out. It’s in our bank accounts, the running interest and dividends on our behalf. And at the end of the day when you recognize them in your financial statements, it becomes data driven, but data driven from our perspective needs some conservatism here.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, we said a 120 bps you know in improvement; in the last quarter, we said it was 80 bps. I think the rate increase on average I think in the last quarter was 3.8%; this quarter, I think it was 4.0%, so 20 bps came just from that. And there is a little bit of a trend improvement. But when it comes to trend improvements, we are very, very, very hot bunch of guys to convince. We are always -- we look at it, we look at the improvement but we don’t factor it a lot on our published numbers until work from Missouri, it quadruple itself, but I can tell you, I look at a lot of these indications I think we actually see, they see a lot of mayhem there. I don’t know they like it or hate but I am the only actuary in the room usually and they are all around me. But a lot of our indications the positive, the trend indications better than expected and more importantly, we do an analysis on actual versus expected, we got these curves and then we try to see what expected most as we expect from more the underwriting years for the quarter and how much has come in and those have been extremely good, especially this quarter. But one quarter can always fool you, but we have consistency in looking at actual versus expected and being very, very positive.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. The only thing unusual is that we expect less to hit from the property cat from two points of you. One is less volume, because -- and second probably a little less I will read, because of the rate reduction, we’re not happy about it. But there is -- even the best management teams can fight Mr. market, Mr. market is going against that in that particular segment. So that’s the only thing unusual. Everything else is as normal as anything. We look at transactions, we look at potential profitability long-term, we don’t [clear] it is short tail, medium tail, very long tail, as long as you make the return characteristics, we do it. And as Mark said we don’t really pay too much attention on the accounting.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, listen putting volume a side, because the recent reduction in volume, because it force us to buy more retro, we felt it was advantageous for us to buy retro. The cost of capital of some of our retro providers is lower than ours. So, essence, they allowed us to buy that and what we think on an expected basis, a good price. So putting aside volume, we also believe that based on our old calculations, the ROE projections, expectation on our cat book has gone down by 2 to 3 points. So, if we brought on a net basis, we had let’s say 15% to 16% ROE last year, this year it will be more like 12% to 13% ROE.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s not going to show up. Let me remind you guys, we had very little exposure in Japan. We saw Japanese rates that were ridiculously low, we didn’t participate. Our P&L in Japan before the quake was $75 million and it was from international programs that we couldn’t even avoid, we didn’t have much of Japanese only quake, but that was extremely well when that event happen because at the end of the day even will look foolish for 10 years there is no quake there is no losses so any premium you wrote became profit. We were proven right 10 years later. So I have a lot of confidence in our cat teams. I think we have great analytical team there and great underwriting team and I don’t want, one area that I don’t put my two sense in and I usually I like two in a lot of areas in the cat area because I think those guys are better than me, I wish I can get as good as they are. 
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, I think it was roughly $2.6 million plus there was some unusual ones and you can see in our presentation and we have like other expense. I am sorry that was… you’re talking… well I am sorry, I am sorry, MI start up cost.
Dinos Iordanou: Well what we have VMI start up cost and we have a sales force that came on board ahead of that transaction and we’ve been experiencing that. So and we have a lot of expenses in the first quarter from the sales force which had no corresponding revenue attributed to it, because don’t forget, we got two sales forces, one which is the existing business, which is (inaudible) employees working on our behalf that they distribute to the credit union channel and then our own sales force who is trying to penetrate the bank channel and other mortgage originators. And so all that and we can get you a number, I haven’t added it all up, but I’ll get Mark Lyons and then we’ll try to figure that number out, we haven’t…
Dinos Iordanou: But the one area you can focus that eventually is, I think we got about 40 people in the sales force all that is going to be of course, I mean we are not going to share that because we are building right, we are building, we have the sales force, the sales force is our expense. We don’t -- we are expensing it, as we go with salaries and benefit et cetera and the revenue is going to come down the line. There is no early insignificant amount of revenue coming from the bank channel in the first quarter, it will be starting to show up in the second, third and fourth quarter I don’t know to what magnitude it depends how effective we are, but we want to build out those stage.
Dinos Iordanou: Assuming no change, so I guess that you heard my comments, right. Assuming no change in the mix. If I right a lot of very long tail business, because I continue to find opportunities there and buying those contracts it might still be another quarter 92, 93. But if I go back to more of a traditional mix, you will probably be at least 5 or 6 points lower than that. And Mark just went through the evolution of this, it didn’t come overnight. In the past, we were below 80, there has been some deterioration to that, we will always reflect, because of additional costs exceeding commissions and then there is some deterioration to that, because of change of mix less short tail, as a percentage of the total that has low accident year loss ratio on an expected basis. So I would say mid-80s is more of a number. But let me caution everybody, it will depend on our mix.
Dinos Iordanou: Again, it will depend as we start getting more business, how do we do with this book, target transactions. So, it’s hard to predict right? But don’t forget, even though it’s positive, and it’s good news, I think it’s positive faster than we thought right? We didn’t expect to have a positive earnings, especially with front loaded expenses on this first quarter. The ROE associated with it is not yet acceptable to us, long-term it’s going to be much better. But a lot of the other indicators, we’re very, very pleased with, especially on the existing on the book that we have for credit union business. First quarter numbers was the delinquency rates are coming down and they are coming down significantly. And new delinquency rates in the quarter, they were down by 24.7%, that’s a significant number. The average cost per claim in one quarter was down by almost 20% from an average of 48,000 at year end to 38,000 at March end. So, there is a lot of positive, on the existing and this is I’m only talking about U.S. MI and I’m only talking about what we do with the credit union business.  So, there is a lot of positive indications, because that is an existing book, we have it, we own the old and we own the current and we’re going to own the future. So, those indications (inaudible). It is a good segment to be and with very acceptable profitability.
Dinos Iordanou: No, it’s quarter or year over quarter. That’s the business that’s really on the books and usual this business takes I don’t know 6, 7 years to run-off right. So this is business they wrote in right before they went into receive a shift that would be ‘09 to ‘11. So I mean it’s going to there is declining revenue coming overtime because some of the -- the mortgages are big air off of that is those are they achieved more than 78% loan to value and the mortgagee decides to interrupt insurance refi that they drop off otherwise sale when the mortgage gets satisfied, but usually a tail on these about 6, 7 years so it would go out until ‘16, ‘17 a take in tenants as the midpoint of this.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, a little bit of that a combination also where we believe with at least our investment people believe where interest rates with a new Fed Chairman might or might not go. Duration for us usually gets conservative, we think that there is eminent rise of interest rates, we don’t see that yet, at least for the next year or so based on statements they made, so make that adjustment and also we always match duration of reserve liabilities with assets covering those.
Dinos Iordanou: And it’s also what’s the -- the U curve going to be quarter-over-quarter flattened out in the quarter just passed maybe a little more and different to where you were.
Dinos Iordanou: It is what we put in our -- we get paid for that activity upfront as managers of reinsurance and then we have a performance suite that we get at the end on underwriting performance, (inaudible) program. So that’s the benefit that we get is an organization for that business that goes there.
Dinos Iordanou: Our preferred way is to deploy it in our business. And there is a few opportunities that we are still looking at. So that hasn’t changed. I haven’t given it a lot of floor that we are going to do a dividend or share repurchases because right now we are focused on the opportunities rather than, how to return capital to investors. And let’s say they are paying us to find the opportunities, and I am spending a lot of time and all of our people are looking at new opportunities and there is quite a few out there in the market.
Dinos Iordanou: I would say maybe three years or so. It’s going to take at least two maybe three is to get the scale. I mean it depends on a lot of things market conditions et cetera what the opportunities. But we don’t force things, we’re going to go. Our obligation to them is to be prudent underwriting managers, that’s what we got higher to be use that techniques that we have been using for Arch and look for the opportunities for them. And if it take two years, fine; if it takes three years, it’s fine. And as Highbridge is going to focus on the investment returns, so I think they have the same approach, they have a long-term approach.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I’ll give you the 40,000 foot view to this, because it’s a little more complicated than that. But we try to maintain the customer relationships that we have. There is more tendency, because capacity is plentiful and available for a lot of the buyers who want you to play across the placement. So, they don’t want you to pick and chose layers et cetera. As usually, we don’t like to be down on the frequency area, we believe that this is a high rate on line areas that also have a lot more exposure from a frequency expectation. So that’s where we buy most of our overall retro. So, on the front end of the curve, we buy more retro. We don’t like to be at the tail end of the curve. So even on a direct basis, we don’t bring in that business, we’d not pay to put a lot of PMLs or a lot of capacity on 2% or 3% rate on line business. We try to avoid that. Yes. So that’s a general principle of our thought process. And with that, that’s where cat teams go and buy the retro sessions.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, the other segment is only going to be the investment and that will be pari passu with any other investor in Watford Re. Fees and/or profit commission because of our performances, underwriting managers or Highbridge, investor managers and all that is not going to be on this line.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s for our belief as to where the yield curve is and is going. We didn’t -- we elongated by almost half year in duration. Our approach to duration is that we match liabilities on the reserves, this way we don’t take any risk there. When we borrow funds, right, we try to have the cost of those funds on the spread. So in that sense (inaudible) borrowing 500 million that pushes us to increase duration a bit and then we use the shareholders capital to very duration up and down depending on how we view where the prospects and where the yield curve going to go. That’s the combination of all three principles in one. And like I said before, that’s what pushed us, our investment people to move duration to the level that we have.
Dinos Iordanou: No, it’s -- to simplify, it was a few transaction, some of it mirrors what we have, some of it doesn’t, but don’t forget Watford was in business. And some of it -- think of it as at least for the first quarter we [warehouse] something that they might have written direct themselves. And then we seeded it back to them, we are the underwriting managers so we said this will take Watford, we didn’t want to lose time and wait for them until they were in business, so we might have bound a piece of business put it on Arch and then we see it to them, when they were up and running.
Dinos Iordanou: You are not going to see a 100% sessions from Arch to Watford in future quarters, what you are going to see is, it’s going to be some sessions from Arch because we still receiving to a lot of reinsurance Watford being one of them, and also you want to see a lot of deals that Watford will write direct. And also…
Dinos Iordanou: They are going to have, it’s the same underwriting standards right, we view their advantage is I think we can assume a bit of higher investment year, and so that will always and I don’t know transaction-by-transaction, but it might push you to maybe little longer duration in liabilities type of business because that’s where their advantage becomes greater, but only time will tell as we see the transactions either for us and the Watford come in and then our underwriting people apply our standards to come up to expected ROE and see where it fit.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, we’re selling the process, I don’t know exactly where we are and I don’t know with the top three in your mind are. But we’re not going to comment on specific relationships that we have. But believe me, our goal is to be in all top 40 all the time and we’re working hard to get approval from all over.
Dinos Iordanou: No, listen you got to look at it transaction-by-transaction, there is always displacement in places. Four years ago, five years ago, it was the more mortal XoL in France because everybody was with growing et cetera. So, we look at these opportunities, we don’t like to talk much about it, as to where, because if I found a little vein, with a little bowl in it and I’m digging into it to, I don’t want every competitor to know what it is and then they go and they mess up the market.  So, you guys trust, we got the underwriting skills to do that or you don’t. And I trust our people and when they find the opportunities and we look at economics, if it fits we do it. And we don’t really but as Mark said, we don’t really care that much about the calendar year accounting issues, because you can’t make a decision to buy your reinsurance underwriter on calendar year numbers.  You got to understand policy year and you got to understand that their underwriting your performance and do you trust that, they will do a job in making those determinations.
Dinos Iordanou: Well don’t forget you had Q1 versus Q1 of a year ago as Mark said that thing was inching up alone as we worked those transactions, and some of these transactions we wrote in the third and fourth quarter so they’re inching up if the earnings are coming through. So your statement is absolutely correct, but also you’ve got to go back and see the sequential movement that we have done. The only change to that is what we’ve done in the first quarter and mostly in our European business which was not as part of what it was coming from the third and fourth quarter last year. And don’t forget if you go and look at our statements and what we have reported we talked about some of these transactions, they had a higher combined ratio on an expected basis, but very good return characteristics over time.
Dinos Iordanou: And you might reverse itself and go the other way depending if those transactions get renew or not as when you get to the expiration.
Dinos Iordanou: No, no, no you are absolutely, you are right on to it, but that’s why the comparison year-over-year sometimes Scott will be supplemented by also the sequential change quarter-over-quarter.
Dinos Iordanou: I have the table with our competitors and we are right on, there is not even a (inaudible) out of a table that is, it has one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, 16 cells, right. We are slightly lower in only one and not with all, right. And in everything else, I think we’re right in line with everybody else.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s, I have Arch compared to (inaudible) General, SN and NMI. And we have the grade, I mean the grade I was recurring to is the right cohort and when you look at the right cohort there is one, only one cell that we slightly cheap, every of the cell is exactly the same as everybody else.
Dinos Iordanou: No, it’s a derivative because if you look at these transactions a portion of the static transactions is done the cash market, that sold as bonds, right and those trades on a daily basis and then you’ve got a market to that. So depends what that happens right, how those bonds will trade, it will tell you, you can write a (inaudible) transaction that over the long period of time we’ll give you positive returns, but maybe in the first or second or third quarter depending where the cash transaction trades, you might take a loss in the first year.
Dinos Iordanou: Right. We expect that to be positive, we expect it to be. But and don’t forget it is going to come over six or seven years, so you (inaudible).
Dinos Iordanou: All right. Thanks Glen. Thank you, everybody for attending, we are looking forward to speaking to you on our next quarter. Have a wonderful day.
Mark Lyons: But the overall approach of that is that we’ll provide by at least as much as what’s standard in the industry.
Mark Lyons: Yes. I would just add, Dinos really has just outlined kind of the staggered approval process and I think that supplement that has affected the industry is dominated by monthly not single premiums. So even when you get the approval to business flow takes a while to build because of the monthly nature of the premium lenders.
Mark Lyons: Yes, I’d be happy to do. So, I think first thing I got two points to make, I think the first one is that, you really got to look not as much quarter to quarter, but perhaps what year-to-year would be like. I mean the first quarter big as 79.7% last year, that was really an 82% for the year and fourth quarter and this is like 84% or so something. So, it’s a little bit of an artificial movement. But I think what’s more important and I think it’s telling that since I changed job from the insurance group over and had a chance to really dig into the reinsurance group in this position. If you look backwards either, this is emanating out of the U.S. or from reinsurance operations, not only was it an outstanding job of underwriting. It was an outstanding job of reserving. And if you look now versus then, it’s the same chief actuaries, it’s the same management of the segment, it’s virtually the same, as a holding company, which is what we’re talking about here. So, it’s one thing for a company to say, we haven’t changed anything on the reserve methodology, it’s different to say that compoundably so it’s the same individuals involved with regards to consistency. And I think that’s an important point.
Mark Lyons: And John, one of the key principles in any part of the market cycles that we’ve operated on is that we’re driven by the economics of the dealer transaction, not the accounting of it. And I think the best example of that would excess workers’ compensation which is more, the green light decision, I’ll add more than function of the interest rates, more than they [underwrite] pricing in some cases, because it’s 16 to 18 year duration business. So it’s super sensitive to changes in interest rates and is dominated by the investment return. So and that will book [clearly] that might be booking at 120 or 130 even in the good market, but it will be a killer on a return basis.
Mark Lyons: Just to add one thing there. I think there is one that [attends] your question. No, there was no underlying influx of paid claims, reported incurred claims, frequency or severity that would have caused this and cause to move that but no, there was nothing of that kind.
Mark Lyons: So one thing you need to understand about the totality of how is work is that there is a like a shared services agreement, that goes on that verify quarter on what services, what performed, so we had everybody on the old PMI onto our payrolls system now if there was offset associated with various classes of work, accounting work, IT work, claims handling work and so forth that is measured in those metrics is becoming what that percentage allocation is. So overtime there will be a shift, where it’s going to be more resident in Arch, right now, a lot of that is still pushed off as a credit, against it, but it really varies by quarter. So understandably it’s going to be little hard for you to see through that that’s a little (inaudible) but that’s the dominant driver of the OpEx from quarter-to-quarter.
Mark Lyons: Again it’s hard to ask, hard to answer, but it’s three years or more out, now for the entire segment now, it should be in the 20 area, that doesn’t mean every unit within the mortgage business run through that. 
Mark Lyons: And [Vinay] I would suggest simply just think of it like this, the U.S. MI operations versus I’ll say everything else, reinsurance operations and everything else has comparably outstanding loss ratios. The primary business has the drag of expense that we just talked about because the (inaudible) where the reinsurance transactions being up.
Mark Lyons: See I don’t think it’s going to move the needle, we have got $14 plus billion of investible assets, a few 100 million won’t move the needle that much. So…
Mark Lyons: Well it’s not exactly 11%, it’s within spitting distance of 11%. So I am not sure exactly what you’re looking at because it’s there.
Mark Lyons: Right. And part of it is geography because this is Watford Re, the fees that we earned don’t go to Watford Re, they go to Arch.
Mark Lyons: So, we did set the price, because you’re looking at the 100% numbers and you’ve got the niche line of account at a 100% and then there is one line that’s amalgamation of all the impact that 89% subtraction. So, we don’t make the rules, we got to follow them.
Mark Lyons: Back to the whole underlying theory area it, although this property cat that maybe there as a piece of the overall portfolio and all likely there is always going to be a lesser percentage then what Arch would have and they are for a longer duration on the liability stream of Watford versus the average of Arch.
Mark Lyons: I think one thing we probably do and that is we try to take maximum awareness of what the market gives us and it changes from quarter-to-quarter, what it allows and what it gives us.
Mark Lyons: Ian it doesn’t, we have gained it because of the way the loss side works. The loss severity is referential to the tables, has nothing to do within those characteristics of declined itself. So we viewed it as the derivative. So you are not going to see it anywhere in premium. Instead it’s closer to market-to-market impact each quarter and it finds itself into, okay, yes, it’s an acquisition expense.
