Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Dinos. Good morning to all. First, on this 14th day of February, I would like to wish my wife and daughters a happy Valentine's Day. 
Marc Grandisson: I think I would echo on this is also that 2016 was a bit higher than the last half of the year because of the refinancing slew that we got. So the market overall -- expect a slower market in 2017. That's something you need to keep in mind. So generally, the way we look -- the high-level look at the premium that can be generated by the portfolio, you take the insurance in force, which we provide in our supplement, and you can ascribe a 50 bps, roughly, rate to it. And you can -- that sort of gives you the run rate as to what kind of premium you'd get for the year. And you could put some persistence here, I think, which you've heard on other calls as well, 75%, 76%. And then this is how you sort of get to the runoff of the portfolio, and then you ascribe to some new written for this year based on your view of the market, which really, at this point in time, is very, very difficult to see or have any clarity on. 
Marc Grandisson: Yes. The quota share goes back to May of '15 and is on for 3 years. So the panel has been set. And the reason we had more sessions this quarter was because of the catch-up. We went from 25 sessions to 37.5. So that's 12.5 additional premiums ceded to be retroactively ceded back to our partners. And this is exactly what we did this quarter. We have also good partners with us bringing some value in terms of knowledge of the market and capital, helping us, as Dinos said, just rightsize the overall risk on the balance sheet. At this point in time, there is no plan to change. If somebody else would want to take more of it or help us provide some structure, we are, as usual, always interested in entertaining such things. But right now, there's no plan to change. 
Marc Grandisson: At a high level though, it's a timing issue really. As Dinos pointed out, we will hear some synergies that we'll be able to extract some costs from. But I think the best thing I can tell you is, depending on the glide path that you think we'll be able to execute on, the long-term rate -- ratio of rates of expense of a typical MI company is 25% to 30%. So that's probably what I will use as an endpoint depending on where that endpoint is for -- in your mind as to how well -- quickly we connect it to. But again, the speed of execution is not going to come at a cost of losing customers and losing culture and losing the spirit of our companies. 
Marc Grandisson: The indication that we get from talking to both the GSEs, and certainly, there's various projects and various products that you've heard that were initiated this year, and there's more on the horizon, clearly, the mandate from the GSEs is to be utilizing more of the private market actions. We've heard that the new world order in the GSEs for 5 or 6 years now, I guess, we'll get to a landing at some point. But I echo what Dinos has said, there's clearly no stopping them trying to leverage their new positioning and utilizing the third-party private capital to help make that a vibrant market. That's clearly pointing in that direction. 
Marc Grandisson: There is some movements here right now that the GSEs are sort -- the FHA's purpose is really to give home ownership to people that otherwise wouldn't have access to. So there's clearly a response in the GSE with Home Possible. There's a couple of programs that they're putting in place and are starting to implement that will hopefully try and attract and address that specific segment. So a little bit away from the FHA trying to get into that segment as well, which is again good news for us because it would be -- most of it would be conforming and needing private MI attached to it. So overall, that -- to echo again what Dinos just said, that moves was seen possitively by us. But again, we want to caution everyone that we're always one decision away from one of these directors to yet again put some other rate decrease. But that's the nature of the business that we're in. 
Marc Grandisson: I think that the difficulty that we're running right now is most people are looking at our portfolio, and we've had a very benign trend for the last 5 or 6 years. And a lot of your projections or the way you will price your business going forward is dependent on the historical, not on the forward looking. It's very, very hard to predict what the future inflation will be. The tendency for an underwriting unit or an underwriting company to sort of assume the same old trend will carry on for a little while. That explains why it has a delay in the lag in recognizing trends. And it's especially acute if you are on the excess of loss, if you are excess of a certain threshold, say, $3 million, $4 million, $5 million or $10 million, is where we further delay. So unfortunately, we're seeing -- we're not seeing no big reactions to this. I would also add that a lot of people are expecting yields to pick up and interest rates to increase and more -- possibly more investment income in the future. So there is sort of buttressing a little bit that rate deterioration that we're seeing in the moment. 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, we -- first and foremost, let me remind everybody that we didn't make the acquisition on the basis of expense savings. As you probably will know that with any merger of 2 companies, there is significant redundancies which we're going to experience over the next 2 years as we put the companies together. Our focus is mostly on making sure that our customers don't get disturbed. So we continue to provide the service together, bringing the 2 companies together with an eye that if we can improve the expense ratio by saving, we will do it, and we will continue reporting to you on a quarterly basis what those savings are. It's -- I don't like to make projections because sometimes when you make projections, you might make your predictions come true and make your own management decisions. I'd rather have our people free to make the right decisions as we bring the companies together on a week-by-week basis. And that's the basis we're going to run the integration. Marc, do you want to add to it? Or... 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I mean, the terms, they're attractive in our Australian business; otherwise, we wouldn't be there. But our attitude is we look at all of our business. I don't care if it's its insurance, reinsurance, mortgage insurance. And we have a risk management perspective about aggregations, how much we want to have, either in a particular territory, et cetera, et cetera. The -- our desire or ability to reinsure a part of the book, it comes out of that process. When we sit down internally at the senior management level and we -- with our Chief Risk Officer and his team and we look at all of our aggregations, we make those determinations. So we've purchase, as Marc said, 37.5% quota share going back to inception for our Australian book. And that was the judgment that we made. That judgment might change in the future, but it's a decision we make on a lot of stuff here, including how much retrocession we'll buy on our reinsurance book, on our cat book, et cetera. It's part of our risk management methodology. So Marc, elaborate a little further. 
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. The only thing I will add is there is a tax component that we have to be mindful of it, especially having more income emanating from the U.S., which is taxable at a very high rate, depending what happens with the tax law. And we might not change the municipal component, which is giving us some tax relief. So all line is being considered. We have our teams in the investment department and our finance and tax people looking at restructuring the portfolio. But over time, it's going to look more like the Arch portfolio: high credit quality, probably shorter duration. But having said that, we got to take also into consideration the tax considerations. 
Constantine Iordanou: Let me read what I just said before. Integration costs -- you have costs up-front, and then you have significant savings later on. We didn't do this transaction because we had some spreadsheet that says this is going to be wonderful and you're going to have all these kind of savings. We did it because it makes a lot of sense going forward buying a business that has tremendous potential for earnings. It fits the -- it's a specialized product that, I think, we can create value with it. Having said that, our teams, they're going to look at maximizing synergies, like I said, without affecting customers and volume as we go. So depending how much we do, we will have an expense up-front and then the savings that come commensurate to that. But I want our teams to have freedom to make the right management decisions, and we'll let the accounting take care of itself. 
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. Be patient. First quarter, we'll give you a lot of disclosure. We'll try to make your jobs as easy as possible and -- be patient. Another 3 months, and we'll be there. 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, let me start with '17. '17, we did say to the market and to the rating agencies, we will not buy back shares. So '17, it will be a year for us -- we're going to take the earnings, we're going to retain those earnings, and basically, we're going to start rebuilding some firepower on our balance sheet. Having said that, I don't know where '18 is going to be. When I see the year-end '17 numbers, we'll make some decisions. We want to maintain very good relationships with the rating agencies. They have been very fair with us in analyzing not only the transaction with us but the future plans and what we will need to do over the next 3 years. From our past history, you will know that we try to maintain a conservative balance sheet without a lot of debt on it, so we can have firepower in case markets change so we can take advantage of it. So that's the overall strategy now. With that, I'll turn you over to Mark Lyons who has more of the details. He does that analysis for all of us on a day-to-day basis. So Mark, go ahead. 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I mean, it's -- first, let me start with the first one, the -- a lower tax rate, it's good for business. I mean, we -- at the end of the day, I'm in the minority here, but I strongly believe that the corporations should pay 0 tax and let their shareholders pay the tax when, eventually, corporation has to distribute it through dividends or through shares, funds to their shareholders, and they're all full taxpayers, so let them collect the tax on that basis. But put that aside, a reduction in the corporate tax rate is positive. Especially with the United Guaranty Corporation acquisition, we're just going to increase our domestic or U.S.-earned income. So that's a positive. The other 2 hypothetical -- the border adjustment tax, I don't know what's going to happen and if you will influence transactions between reinsurers. To me, a reinsurance transaction cross-border is more exporting risk rather than importing capital. So at the end of the day, without knowing the details, it's very, very, very hard to project as to what the effect is going to be. But the Neal Bill has been around for a long time. I don't know what's going to happen, but we have alternatives to that. We're multifaceted, and we're global in nature. So at the end of the day, I -- depending on this hypothetical, we'll react to it if and if it happens. 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, let me start with the premise that our brains work in a fashion that I don't care what you do, you have to understand what your PML is, and you got to be comfortable on the basis of the balance sheet you have and are you comfortable with the setting of how much PML you can take within the balance sheet. The fact that historically, MI companies might have not looked at it from that perspective is not relevant to us. We -- so the tasks that I have assigned all of our teams, and I personally work with them because that's a significant bet we're making in another line of business, we should have a methodology of calculating PML, and we do -- we're in the third iteration of the model that calculates the aggregation of risk, including both underwriting risk within a mortgage business and also macroeconomic risk, change in unemployment, housing prices, et cetera, et cetera. And we stress that to see as to what kind of outcomes we have and how much of that we are willing to take within our balance sheet. Now we have also brought other tools that they were not traditional, and some of the other in my company, they're starting to use them as well. You don't have to retain all the risks on your balance sheet. There is reinsurance transactions you can bring. There is capital market transactions you can bring to bear to manage the risk. So that's the concept that we have. We use it with our cat business. We use it with our P&C and our reinsurance business. We [ph] in different segments. It could be marine. It could be aviation. It could be -- so we use the same approach because that's our DNA. Our DNA is bring in the risk, understand how much you're taking, risk-manage it to the point of comfort and see if you have more than what you want than either reinsure it out or use capital market transactions to bring it down to an acceptable level. It's the old saying. I used the expression my father taught me. He said, "Son, I don't care how good the meal is. Don't eat too much because you'll get indigestion." So we're not a company that is going to over line on risk to the point that I can't sleep at night or Mark and Marc cannot sleep at night. We sleep like babies. 
Constantine Iordanou: Yes, we might do that in the future. The reason I'm hesitant is not because we don't like to disclose to you guys a lot of stuff. We do, but we don't want to wake up our competitors to understand what we're doing either. And to tell you the truth, we're still in the process of -- with the rating agencies of going back and forth in them understanding all of our methodologies and all the good work we have done. So -- and we haven't come to a complete agreement with them as of yet in those discussions. So we're hoping this year, maybe sooner than later, we will get to some understandings in sharing our thoughts and our methodologies. And some of the methodologies, actually, we're using, we've taken from them, right? We look at how they look at mortgage risk, and we try to bring it in. But the basis of our PML analyses, it goes to both: one, things that we can control, meaning underwriting quality of the mortgages we insure and the pricing we apply to them and what those potential outcomes are; and second, macroeconomic factors that what if the unemployment rate goes to 15%, what if housing prices collapse by 25%, by 30%, and how rapidly they collapse. And we model all that, and then we come up. And there is a lot of other factors. We might share with you maybe some of our methodologies at our investor conference. This way, you'll know our deep thinking into these issues. But I'm not ready yet to be stopped putting our PMLs out for our competition to know. 
Constantine Iordanou: It's the -- there might be a few things we do on the investment side. I mean, it's all -- it's part of the restructuring of the portfolio. Maybe there is little more municipal exposure on the investment side because it eliminates some of U.S. tax. But that doesn't move the needle that much. You're probably talking about a point or so. It's different between '11 and '12 or '12 and '13, so... 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, it affects the market in general, right? The FHA is -- and the VA is competing with the private markets. And don't forget, they have a tremendous advantage. Their capital requirement is 2%. So in essence, they're writing 50:1 where we're at 15:1 or less. So it's very, very tough sometimes to compete with Uncle Sam. But to us, that's positive because that reduction, in our view, we would have put more pressure on eventually the taxpayer and -- by, yes, reducing the cost to the consumer, but also, I'm not so sure that those rates for those kind of risks, it was sufficient to cover the exposure. 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, without knowing what the bill is going to say, I can't model it for you. But tell me what the bill is going to say, and then I'll model it. 
Constantine Iordanou: Believe me, believe me, my door is broken down by people. They want to get a piece of our MI businesses, reinsurance. Depends how -- what kind of terms you negotiate. Do you share on the profit or not? It's a lot of alternatives. So without me knowing exactly, we react to what the actual law is, and we abide by the law, and then we maximize for our shareholders the potential outcome. So not knowing that is so very hard, but there is alternatives. Yes. 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, my authority as -- and the senior management authority from the board is we can't expose more than 25% of our equity capital on any line of business that will include MI. So that's the maximum we can take on a PML basis. If we want to take more, we have the opportunity, but it will be, I bet you, a very, very long discussion with our board. And then jointly, we'll make a decision. And if we make a decision to be something different, we will tell the market about it. So right now, that's what we are operating under. 
Constantine Iordanou: And don't forget, don't forget, traditionally, the markets don't turn on these technical analyses and evaluation. The market turns when you have more fear than greed. It's the 2 emotions that determine the market. We have excess capital. There's a lot of people accepting mid-single-digit returns. They view that as acceptable for the risk business, which I think is insanity in my view. And at the end of the day, I don't see fear in the market yet. When you start seeing fear in the market, that's when you're going to see rates moving up, and we don't see it yet. 
Constantine Iordanou: We appreciate that. I had a glass of champagne celebrating the new year and the closing. So I was -- it was very economical. I paid for one glass, and I celebrated 2 things. 
Mark Lyons: And Quentin, let me -- just for clarity, given what Dinos and Marc have said, neither the third nor the fourth quarter of this year are indicative in a run rate basis. Both of them had the retroactive cumulative catch-up, as Marc alluded to. So on a go-forward basis, assuming there's no changes to that in the multiyear nature, any new premiums arising in 2017's first quarter, you should expect a 62.5% net arising from those out of Australia at 37.5% ceded. 
Mark Lyons: I don't have that because we did not have UGC's earnings in the quarter. So that's stuff that we don't have readily available, Kai. 
Mark Lyons: Sure. I think, Kai, on an overall basis, we said this publicly, is that over a 3-year period, we expect to be south of 20% on Moody's adjusted leverage ratio, which is, as you may recall, our preferred capacity treatments of 50% equity credit. So when you go back and noodle it, you can see how we're thinking. But that's going to be accomplished by a shrinking numerator and an increasing denominator. So both of those are going to go. And because we pulled $400 million out of the credit facility, which has more flexibility, that's likely the target area that if we're going to differ and have the ability to pay back sooner than planned, it will go to that area. 
Mark Lyons: And Chuck, I would just say it on the GSE because you were asking a pretty broad question. On the GSE credit risk transfer side, when you look at the balanced scorecards that are out there and what the Congress expects of the GSEs, there's no dropping off of that. It's a good signal of continued transfer. 
Mark Lyons: Well, that's loaded. If I could forecast the P&C underwriting cycle, I'd be a gazillionaire. But keeping everything constant, if there is no change at all, there should be minor drift in the aggregate effective tax rate because there should be incrementally more mortgage income associated with it. But that is a very rough and lack-of-confidence number. To the extent that there is changes in any submarket, we're going to allocate [ph] capital there, and that won't change our effective tax rate. And if it's cat, for example, it's going to be very Bermudacentric, which is going to drive it down. So that's the best I can say. 
Mark Lyons: Yes. It's -- as we kind of talked about in the past with Watford Re, underwriting and investment fees are put together into a pot and they're shared equally, and it was just a reflection of better performance. 
Mark Lyons: Just do a downslope exponential, and you'll be good. I think you can get $480 million -- $480 million of it, at the beginning, that's amortizable, right? As long as you're $110 million in the first year, 75% out of year 5... 
Mark Lyons: No, there is some curvature. There is some curvature. It -- think of it as -- it actually varies by which intangible asset [indiscernible] versus the other. But as I said, after 5 years out, it becomes insignificant. I'll give you one more data point. At year 6 is pushing $20 million area. So that gives the greater falloff, so... 
Mark Lyons: Well, clearly, it's the starting point because of debt and the preferred that we had to issue the -- for the prospectus has the actual UGC information that you can use as a baseline because, as you know, the segment on the prior owner reporting was beyond UGC. You took the tape out,  [ph] the share. So that, I think, is a useful starting point. Yes. 
Mark Lyons: Well, since that's a 2017 item, in all honesty, we are debating the alternatives. But I believe you can count on us being more transparent as more likely having it itemized in a way to let you flip it however you choose to look at it. 
Mark Lyons: At a least, I'll just throw something in as well. We're more concerned with loss cost trend. Sometimes that's frequency driven; sometimes that's severity driven. Your question was more severity driven. And if you can say that, that cross-rated business is in primary, frequency tends to drive it, and you can sharpen your pencil a lot more and start with the competitors. What is the long-tailed, long-duration excess in Mark's example, rationalization takes over, and it's not necessarily correlated as much. 
Ian Gutterman: So my first question for Mark is as much as a comment actually is I think you need to come up with a better term than alternative income because I worry, if you stick with that word, Melissa McCarthy is going to be reading your script next quarter. 
Ian Gutterman: So I took a shot. I just want to make sure there wasn't some curvature to that rather than a slope, but the... 
Ian Gutterman: That's okay. I can handle it. I'll compare notes with you next time. You can see how good my guess is. You can grade me on it. I do sit in the back of the room, but I take good notes. The -- just on that topic we're talking about disclosures for UG. Would it be possible to give us sometime before next quarter's earnings, say, a 4-quarter trailing pro forma mortgage insurance segment? I know it's possible. I guess I'm asking, is it realistic? We could discuss offline if you like, but that's... 
Ian Gutterman: Right. I mean, are there other places you can send stuff to, I guess? Other balance sheets you could use, things like that. 
