Marc Grandisson: So yes. I didn't mean to put them in ranking order. I think that they are probably all very equally attractive at this point in time. I think that we're investigating, as you know, on a quarterly basis as to what the opportunities are in various signs of business. I didn't mean to name stock purchase as the last one as a rank ordering mechanism. I think that is also part and parcel of the discussion.  I think that for the first time in a while, I would argue that the 5 players actually are actively making the point for receiving ball, the ball and play and be part of the game. So I would definitely say that.  And we're evaluating. But certainly, our game number one, our focus number one is to allocate capital to the underwriting units. If the returns are there. And that certainly is a relatively easier place to deploy and easier what you see at this point in time. But everything is up, everything is -- every guy -- everybody is playing on the field, on the court. 
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So let me go back to the 95% combined, which I mentioned, I think, 3 years ago now. I think that was meant to be there as an aspirational target and to shoot for at that point in time, based on the mix of business and the opportunities that we had in the marketplace. I think this has changed, right? I think that now that we're obviously going in that direction and very nicely, and the market is certainly helping us, I think we still look very heavily into line by line and ROE by line of business.  And I would argue, Elyse, that some lines of business would be less than a 95% combined and some might be still okay at above 95%. But certainly, what I would tell you is the combined ratio was aspirational. We have to keep in mind that there's still -- COVID-19 is still ongoing. And secondly, interest rates have also been decreased -- have decreased significantly since 3 years ago. So rate increases might be needed beyond the combined ratio, just to make the returns equivalent to what they should be, or would have been at the 95% historically. So it's really an ongoing process of reflecting current investment yield.  So there are no targets on the combined ratio. But certainly target on a return basis. And I would agree with the 140 to 150 -- 150 bps decrease in interest rate, that the combined ratio would presumably mathematically need to go down to make an equivalent return.
Marc Grandisson: Well, I mean we didn't -- we did not raise the price, right? We have an agreement, we have a signed agreement with Watford that we're starting the process to get regulatory approvals, et cetera. But yes, I mean there's another party that has come in that Watford feels they have to look into their potential offer and what it means to them. But at this point, what's been announced is what is still valid. Depending on what they end up deciding, we may choose to do something different. But at this point, we can't really say much more than that.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So then the reinsurance group has grown tremendously. So the expense ratio going down, or what it did certainly is explained by that in large part. I think in terms of the loss ratio, what I would like -- and we said it on prior calls as well is we tend to look at reinsurance performance on a 12- to 18-month basis. There's a lot more volatility in that segment, in that sector. There's also a lot of shift in the mix over time.  Our reinsurance folks do not tend to have a -- they have stable relationships obviously, but there's a lot of things moving on in terms of taking cede and the opportunities in the marketplace. So what I would look at the loss ratio is more like this is -- some quarters is much better than others. And it's really due to the volatility in the reinsurance results, I would say.
Marc Grandisson: I think we made the point clear by putting our offer up there, and that's pretty much what we'll leave it as, Josh. I think we're we still think that Watford is a good platform, a valuable platform. And we--
Marc Grandisson: I think the answer is always yes. We're always looking at the possibility of buying our stock. And certainly like I said before, 5 players on the court, I think that the share repurchase is really -- is attractive, as you would expect me to say as the CEO of the company.
Marc Grandisson: The rest of the portfolio, Yaron, for what it's worth, and we mentioned that on prior calls, is that we have the vast majority, almost totality of our parties have the exclusions that would protect us somewhat from a deviation. So this is nothing in there to really think about.
Marc Grandisson: Okay. No I see what you mean. So the way we look at the underwriting returns is we attribute to the units the treasury return or the risk-free return. And we try and separate church and state is what we call it internally. We actually credit the float on the insurance on the underwriting piece at the treasury rate level. And then we allocate the capital for the excess over that to the investment portfolio. So this is how we separate the capital usage between those -- between the underwriting units and the investment unit.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it's a good question, Meyer. I think that our position on this, we have weather scientists upstairs and --who have a lot of lengthy experience and information to look at. Listen, we actually augment and modify the vendor models as we see fit. So the vendor model represents to us a solid starting point. From where we can -- there's definitely had a lot of science into this one. So we've been historically using them as a starting point and augmenting it and modifying it with our own view of the world.  But I would caution everyone by saying that, yes, we do have a view of various perils and various exposure around the world. And we also try to factor in shorter term versus longer term, possibly modification of what could happen out there. But it's hard to predict those things. So what we tend to do is to hold ourselves to a higher return for those risks that are inherent in the way we underwrite the business. That also helps explain why where we've taken possibly somewhat of a more conservative approach to property cat exposure over the last 4, 5 years as you've seen our numbers.  So I think -- and it's a year-on-year analysis, so we would look at it. And we'll evaluate, I think, in some of our discussion with El Nino, La Nina and all these various discussions happening all the time. And we're not the largest rider property cat, but we do have a very solid team looking into this. But I think we make it up -- try to make it up with holding ourselves up to a higher level of returns.
Marc Grandisson: But Phil, you're right. You're right on your assessment. If we go from 4.7, and we tell you it's going to be 5.5 in the end, that we'll have to have an increase in NODs or lesser cure. I'm not sure we have made enough assessment as to which is which. I would argue that we have tended to -- since May, we have tended to -- at least the last two quarters, we've overstated the amount, the number of new NODs that we received. And that probably is what would drive the potential. We just still don't know.  François has said that we haven't been as good as we would have liked to be predicting. So I think the new NODs would be more the place to look at. Having said this, Phil, you also know that we had 2 things going on, less new NODs and higher cure rate. So they both actually helped to manage on. And they helped accelerate and actually go -- no, help explain why we had a projection of about 10% earlier in the year to much less right now. They are two moving parts.
Marc Grandisson: Well, what we said publicly is that we are certainly talking to other parties to bring into the fold to support us in this vehicle, if it moves forward, if we close on the acquisition. So the answer is we would most likely increase our participation, but not to 100%, and be much less than that. So increase little bit, but recognize that we -- it's a different model that we -- others would want to participate on with us as well.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think it's in process. We're going through the regular process. It's in -- It's on track. We're hopeful that we could get something done potentially in the first quarter, second quarter of next year. It takes a while, as you know, in this COVID environment. Government and regulators take a little while longer than otherwise. But yes, it's on track. And they produced, as you know, their results I believe earlier this week or early or late last week. So it's also looking much better for them, which is good for us.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, everyone. Looking forward to the last remaining couple of months in the year, and I hope you have a good one.
François Morin: Yes. I'll take that, Elyse. I mean just to be pretty clear, I think I -- as you guys all know, I'll take the blame. I did a pretty poor job of forecasting combined ratios or delinquency rates over the last 2 calls. So I think we're trying to minimize the kind of bad forecasts.  But listen, there's -- as we know, there's a lot of uncertainty out there. Yes, we're extremely pleased that the delinquency rates have come down, right? We had talked about even just last quarter, we had said like somewhere around 8% by the end of the year. It doesn't look like we're going to -- it's going to be as bad as that, based on what we know today. Still a few months to go, but definitely saw some encouraging signs this quarter.  So that's all well and good. Does it translate to -- what kind of combined ratio does it translate to? I mean it's hard to know because again what we're facing is really -- we just don't know how long this pandemic is going to last. The fact that the forbearance programs are at this point scheduled to end, but who knows if they get extended or not? And how do people convert from forbearance to a regular delinquency? There's a lot of unknowns at this point that we feel are extremely hard to predict and estimate.  So listen, we're taking it one quarter at a time. We're happy with where things are at right now. Again, it's reassuring, but we're not -- as I said, we're -- the game's far from over. And who knows, maybe hopefully even my 5% to 5.5% forecast or expectation for delinquency ends up being a bit high. But we'll find out in a few months, and we'll reassess at that point.
François Morin: Short answer is we don't know yet, right? I think we'll have to see what the 1 1 brings to our reinsurance folks on the inward side and certainly on our E&S property. We'll have to evaluate and assess what kind of exposure and what kind of margins we're getting there, and then look back and say, okay now, what is the -- because buying reinsurance, as you know, is like raising, it's like using capital. It's like we have to pay for that. So we're going to go through a very straightforward analysis of capital usage and what we pay for it. And we take a very, very first economic view of the whole world, and specifically as it relates to the insurance exposure we take on a property cat exposure specifically.  But having said all this, we also have -- balancing it or adding to that information process is that we also are careful and not overstretching the capital. So we'll always be buying reinsurance to some extent. The question is what level and how much and at what price.  But clearly we are -- we like stability, and we're always trading stability for sometimes lesser margin, and that's going to be part of the mix. But clearly both markets where we can be on the advantage, we can gain both sides, but we can actually get rate increases on the insurance side, find a way to buy reinsurance in a good way. And on the assumed basis, we actually are benefiting from the improvement in the market there as well. So it's really a holistic view of the cat exposure. Too early to tell what exactly is going to transpire, but everything is always up for discussion.
François Morin: Yes. I mean there's two parts there, right? Is the structure, meaning in particular attachment points, and then the pricing. So right, so this is our third one, our first one of the year. Really, we were the first ones out of the gate after the pandemic. The reality at that point is appetite from the investors was not as good as it was in the past when our attachment point was much higher. Second one, attachment point came down with slightly better pricing. With this new latest one, we're effectively back to the same -- the 2.5% attachment point that we had seen pre-COVID. So that's certainly by design.  Pricing, if you risk adjust for everything, it's still up, no question. It's not the same level that it was pre-COVID, but it's not double for sure. So it's much better than that, much lower than that [indiscernible] quality of the book is better. So how does that get factored in? And so there's a couple of other things. It's hard to make it perfectly apples-to-apples. But directionally and on an absolute basis as well, we're very happy with where things are going.
François Morin: So last few weeks, it's been actually keeping in the same general direction that we saw in the third quarter. So it hasn't picked up. Flattish, I'd call it. We got a couple of months to go. We'll see how things play out, but that's kind of what we're seeing.
François Morin: Yes. No question that we bumped up reserves this quarter on effectively the delinquencies that we saw in the second quarter. So your math is correct. I mean that's -- I mean the reserves per delinquency, you did the math, right? But what you need to adjust for, I would say, is call it a reserve-strengthening exercise that we went through just to reassess where we were -- took a hard -- every quarter, we take a hard look. And our view is that might as well not -- be cautious, knowing what we know and knowing what we don't know.  So think of about a $45 million adjustment on reserves in the third quarter for effectively Q2 delinquencies. So once you adjust for that, I think you get back to claim levels or severities that you would be -- would be more in line with what maybe you would have expected.
François Morin: We don't see it. The only adjustment obviously that what we're reporting in our supplement in terms of paid severities is lower than what we're seeing from the new delinquencies, right? New delinquencies, we mentioned it last quarter at about a $65,000 or so or per NOD. This quarter, it's right around $60,000. So I mean it's certainly higher because it's more recent loans that are going delinquent versus what the loans we paid on in the quarter. So that's the only adjustment.  But in terms of percentage of the insured value or the insurance in force or the risk in force, we don't at this point, don't have a reason to think that it's going to be materially different than what it's been in the past.
François Morin: Yes. I mean it's really in two parts. I think in the -- on the insurance side, it's very much -- it's all basically related to our travel book in the U.S. So no connection to the FCA ruling. And the little bit we added in the reinsurance side is around property exposures, mostly out of Europe. So it's a little bit of a BI angle to it, but that's pretty much it. So I mean it's -- I mean I call it a bit of just new information coming in, nothing -- no, nothing kind of -- no material new information that came through that would have caused us to revisit our picks.  And the FCA, as we said, we didn't change it. And the ruling where it stands, it's -- we're still very much -- we had fully reserved for it. And there's -- again, the ruling doesn't change our position on that.
François Morin: It's a little bit of both actually. We saw some of it -- some improvement on the frequency of claims possibly in the second quarter. That was definitely a difference. But if you neutralize for the obvious lines of business where claims would actually naturally go down, such has travel for instance where we have the a lot less exposure or go up. Then if you neutralize all of this, we didn't see a discernible change through the 9 months of this year.  It's hard to see what the natural rate would be, but we don't see a discernible change in the frequency to speak of. And really, we put our reserve pick and our loss pick based on long-term trend -- long-term averages. We're not looking at specifically one quarter at a time and one year, accident year at a time. We do get in the mix of multiple years and project out much more longer term expected. So it will take a little while before we would recognize any significant improvement in frequency of claims, if at all.
François Morin: Yes. I mean we -- no question, we've been defensive on credit. So yes, we have a bit more on the treasury side that you're right, I mean -- unless rate going down, but they seem to have stabilized, I guess, for the time being.  Our play in the last few quarters has been trying to, as many others I'm sure have done the same, is try to find other opportunities that are more in the alternative space that provide us still some level of investment income without taking on too much risk.  So something we keep looking at, but it's a bit of a challenge. There's not a ton of opportunities out there. We're not -- we're worried a little bit. We're defensive on credit still, and that's something that we look at carefully. We don't want to over-source ourselves there yet.
François Morin: Well, the last, call it in the last month, we've been, call it putting our money to work. It's just above 2%. So that's kind of where the latest informational gap that we get from our investment guys.
François Morin: Close enough. 8% to 9%, yes. Yes. And our view on that is that we feel like that the more recent NODs are -- may be prone to a bit more stress. So the fact that these people took a bit longer to go into delinquency may tell us that there may be again subject to more stress, but again time will tell.
François Morin: It's more of an aggregate approach that we take. Yes. We don't separate the 2 as cleanly as you're suggesting, yes.
François Morin: Geoff, I want to make sure you understand that we also do look at prior events, prior cat events, prior programs of the sort. So -- but it's -- as you could appreciate, it's probably more art than science at this point in time.
François Morin: No. It's the latest, the 20-3 is very much -- the vast majority is covering June, July and August, so that's 3 months of production. There's a little bit of kind of spillage of the 20-2 that -- and also some 2019 loans that had kind of been late being processed, whatever. It's just -- we're a little bit of a catch-up on a few small things, but think of it as really June, July, August production.
François Morin: Okay. So Phil, let me try and take this. There's a lot of -- it's a big question, a lot of parts. So first and foremost, the denominator is not changing a whole lot, right? It's about a [indiscernible] what it is in terms of policy. The DQ rate has decreased this quarter, right? It went from 5.1 to about 4.7 this quarter. So this is like what's the number of policies at the numerator that are in default. And you divide by a similar number. So it did go down.  I think what we're saying in terms of reserving, you reserve for the new notices that you received in the quarter, right? We received 58,000 in the second quarter. We received 20,000 this quarter. And what we're telling you is we take that, the book of these 20,000 new notices. The cures are the cure. They go away from the overall balance, if you will, that we just mentioned, which is the 4.7.  But the new notices, we reserve for those in the quarter. So we have to reserve in the quarter on those that were newly notified. This is what typically you would do on reserving. What we did in addition to this is we modified our view of what we should have booked for the second quarter for the new notices in that quarter. So I'm not sure -- I'm trying to help give you a picture a whole -- bigger picture hopefully that helps you understand how we did all this.
François Morin: I mean that's -- listen, it's a big -- I mean kind of top-down view. It's hard to know. We don't have -- we can't predict. We don't have the crystal ball on whether cures are going to accelerate or not or slow down. And same thing with new notices.  Again, we're trying to, I think, just provide a bit of color that we think the -- obviously or knock on wood, we're not going to be at 8% delinquency rate by the end of the year. We're certainly well below 5%. Does it go back to above 5% by the end of the year? That's what we think could happen, but again we don't know. So I think if everything stays the same, the odds are probably that it won't be at 5%. But we -- that's...
François Morin: Well, boy, I don't think we parse out this way. It's still early in the game to see what it's going to look like. I would say that it's probably more mixed at this point in time because our growth is largely in property other than cat, cat XL. So we have a lot of play in that sector right now. It's more and more mix, I would say, Brian.
François Morin: Well, the way we are, you know us, Brian, for all these years is we'll tend to go where the rates are the better -- we have a better increase in margin. So that sort of goes hand in hand. 
François Morin: Well, I mean the question was asked, if we buy the vehicle, do we still retain the fees? The answer is yes. 
François Morin: I think in a third-party environment, Jim, I think it's pretty clear that we need to take care of our brethren as well as we could take of ourselves. So our view is always to do the similar underwriting. Watford had a different investment profile, which allowed us to do slightly different things. But at a high level, the underwriting is very, very similar.  And I would remind everyone that whatever we do on Watford, we take 15% of it on a quarter share basis in the back. We also are participating on the capital. We had like we're up about 13%, I believe, in our shareholding. So we collectively own 20% of the underwriting. So we do eat our own cooking there as well, and it's really important to us.
Philip Stefano: Just one -- most have been asked and answered. One follow-up on the MI piece and thinking about the increase in the default rate. I guess in my mind, there are 3 mechanisms to get there. It's either new defaults are increasing, cures are slowing down, or the denominator policies in force is shrinking. I'm just curious how you're contemplating which of those levers is contributing to the increase in the default rate. I think it helps us think about does this come through as losses or premiums or maybe development if the cures are right.
Philip Stefano: No, I understand -- that makes sense from the reserving side. But the default rate is loans in default, that population over policies in force.
Philip Stefano: And if the policies in force isn't changing and the default rate is going up, then presumably there's an expectation that new default is going to increase this quarter. And I guess I just wanted to make sure that I was thinking about it correctly because I -- to get to 4.7 to 5, 5.5, there must be an acceleration in new default, or cures is slowing down. I don't know. That's kind of the question.
Philip Stefano: Yes. No, understood. I guess in my mind, this default rate might continue to come down. But as you said...
