Constantine Iordanou: Well, it's a good question, but it's a complicated question. Let me say this. We look for moments like this as a company. By being patient in the years that pricing is not good, we get excited when prices might get much better. We don't know yet as to where this thing is going to go. Let me share some facts with you. If you add the reported losses so far is $31 billion, plus a number of major facilities haven't reported, meaning the retro or alternative market, Liberty Mutual, Berkshire Hathaway, State Farm, et cetera. Even if you come up with some good estimates for those losses, we might get to $45 billion, maybe we get to $50 billion, it's a long way from $80 billion to $100 billion. So I believe that either the models, they are predicting much bigger losses, which nobody seems to have the point of view because everybody is agreeing that this is an $80 billion to $100 billion aggregate event for the industry or maybe even more. So, stay tuned in further development. If we go back and we look at historically, Wilma developed by 68%, Sandy developed by 70% for the industry, and Katrina, we got it almost right, it only developed by about 20%. So I anticipate upward development to happen. I believe that we were very prudent in establishing our numbers, because you have to do bottom-up and a top-down approach and we actually waited more the top-down approach, which is how big is this, what is our market share, where do we have exposure. And as Marc said, we were cautious with our insurance group and we put what we believe is reasonable numbers for us. But depending what happens in the next quarter and depending what happens to pricing, I think we'd be ready to do quite a bit more, if the returns that would be acceptable to us. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Marc because he works with the units more day-to-day and he will give his comments too.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. One more comment about the available capacity in the marketplace is very, very hard to be estimated, because some players, they have significant capacity only because they believe that they have good support from the alternative markets and direct from market. So, the underpinning of their capacity on a gross basis is because that market was significant and it was at reasonable pricing. As a matter of fact, we were buyers in that market. We have no view yet, that's what is still in our minds, we have no view as to what's going to happen to the market, and then what will be the reaction of companies that they said, hey, I can do more on a gross basis because I got all these protection behind me. So, I can be a little more aggressive in the marketplace and maintain customer relationships, et cetera. So, it's all inter-related and as Marc said, our teams are there, we're willing and able, we have capacity, but it will depend all on expected returns based on pricing.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I'll give you my comments and Marc might add to it. Listen, independent of the retro market, we always look what is the pricing and what is the market accepting as a expected return on that business. When that business starting going to single-digits expected returns, we are starting to lose a lot of interest. And having said that, we do have a customer base that we want to maintain and continue to service. So then, that's when you look around and you say, maybe I combine more protection if that protection is available, and you will allow us to maintain relationship. But the reduction, clearly the reduction in our writings, it was driven by our view that the pricing of that business was not adequate for us. And for that reason, you can't go to zero and as a matter of fact, it's more difficult on the insurance side to cut as much back than on the reinsurance side, because you got brokers, agents, relationships or customers. So in essence, you know sometimes you do hedge your bet by buying more protection. And we've done all of those things. If the market improves significantly, you might see a different approach, we might keep a lot more net and we have capacity to do it. And also, you may see us expanding our exposure base because we like the pricing. Don't forget, we'll understand, we're in the business to deploy capital and make money for shareholders and we're not unwilling to take risk, we're just – we're not unwilling to take risk at inadequate price.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. First and foremost, all I am saying is that everybody seems to congregate against the $80 billion to $100 billion. Both the modeling agencies, if you take their average or point estimates for reach of the storms and also a lot of competitors including us, so I think the models, probably they're projecting the right number. Now, I don't know every company's book, I am just making aggregate comments. But something doesn't add up, either that number is going to come down and your hypothesis is correct, if it comes down, people, they are not going to feel it is much on their P&L. So in essence, they might not, the market correction might be toned down. On the other hand, if you go to historical performance, model has never overestimated losses in the past and usually, our early estimates as an industry, they were below what they ended up. So, I will leave you the judge of where do you think is going to happen. I think we are going to have an effect that is not going to be felt totally for another two or three quarters before we know where these things are going to end up.
Constantine Iordanou: It's very difficult because I can't answer you, because I don't know myself. What guide us is market pricing. At the end of the day, if you tell me what is going to be in January 1, maybe I can give you some projection. But not knowing that, I really don't know what we gear our people to do is to look for every opportunity available, we'll evaluate it and if we needed to be very agile and move capacity to one area versus another, we are there to do it. And if this is, we get another big event in fourth quarter with another catastrophe and the whole world take upside down for January 1, I can tell you there is a lot of actions we are going to take, including looking for additional capital and be in the business for our shareholders. That's what we get paid to do and we are willing to do it. Marc, right now, we are evaluating exactly this because back in 2005, it was pretty clear that the rewards – risk rewards was much more advantageous to the reinsurance team. We, at that time, allocated 80% of the cat capacity to the reinsurance team, and 20% therefore for the insurance group. This time around, it's different, right, because again, we don't know where the reinsurance market is going to go, a lot of these loses are retained within the company, so there may be a different outcome on the insurance side. So, right now as we speak, the two guys leading our reinsurance and insurance are going through it to see what kind of return they will be expecting next year, and therefore, giving us a plan of action as to what they are going to do. But they still have to collect information as we speak. The big question mark here, especially on the insurance side, is how much capacity has existed through these MGA facilities, that is somebody having the plan for somebody else and at the end of the day, their compensation is I got to write more, I got to write more, I got to write more, because they are commission-based compensation. And will these facilities survive the event and get renewed, and that capacity is available, or they go by their wayside, or they get terms that they move the market upwards. So we don't know that, because some of these facilities as is toning down what's happening in the market, they haven't expired, or they might require a six-month notice. So they're going to be used until they can be used. And if they are in place now and you don't think is going to be renewed, you're going to use it up to the last minute. So we don't know, there is a lot of things up in the air, we have our heads to the ground and we're looking at all these opportunities. But, it's not a clear picture yet.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, we have two considerations there. One is, if the market improved significantly, we'll use a lot of our own capacity, but also we'll be very much interested in managing third-party capital, because we don't want to change our risk profile. We've done that after Katrina with Flatiron. On the other hand, if the market doesn't move, and there is people that they will be willing to get our underwriting skills and they're willing to accept may be a little less return than we will, we're not opposed to managing money in that fashion either. But that's not our preferred outcome. We like the market to get hard, so we can write more on our balance sheet and maybe write for our partners also.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I won't be too quick to make that judgment, yeah, if there is. I think smart people, they are going to step back and look at the events, and say, should we change our mind about how risky this business is and what kind of returns we should expect.
Constantine Iordanou: And it's not the first one, it's the third one. Because United Guaranty, they too before us and then we've done the third one. And we're going to use that as a risk management tool, as we might use also a traditional reinsurance as a risk management tool.
Constantine Iordanou: You've got multiple questions. First, we hope, but we don't see it. Second, it's needed, but we don't see it. And your third question, yes, loss cost, even though we're getting slight rate increases on average, we're having difficulty in – including us – we're sure pretty conservative in our underwriting, maintaining the same level of profitability. As a matter of fact, we lost another 20 bps of margin between what we believe the loss cost escalation was versus what kind of rate increases we got on average. Marc, you want to -
Constantine Iordanou: Kai, if I have to guess, I think they're going to be the price movements that it will cause us to have more opportunities in the market. So but we don't know, stay tuned, ask same question in the fourth quarter.
Constantine Iordanou: You're going to see real losses. A restaurant who had no real damage to the restaurant, but the parking lot was flooded and as customers couldn't have access to the parking lot. And he was going to claim business interruption because of the flooding. It's – and he was in a Zone 5 which is not considered a flood zone, so he had no exclusion on the policy and his deductable was pretty low. All these things are going to take a long time to get resolved and like I said, it's our view and usually not a lot of people agree with our views but more often than not, we are right.
Constantine Iordanou: Well. But it's on the premise that – the net to gross can work, meaning that there is a robust retro market or quota share market, that is going to reduce their net exposure. We haven't heard from that market yet. We knew it was in that $20 billion range and some people that might be estimating maybe 50% or even maybe 75% of it might be gone.
Constantine Iordanou: We're an E&S writer. And we believe the flat losses, they're going to have all these questions that I have raised. The business interruption et cetera, so we being cautious of estimating a loss. And same thing in Florida, we believe that this assignment of benefits is going to have an escalation of maybe up to 30% on the cost of repair. So we factor all that in and that's why you see more on the our reinsurance book.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think to more practically, what's happening right now is, we're in the planning process, right. We have a portfolio, which I mentioned, a substantial portfolio of property, that's going to be renewed over the next 12 months, hopefully renew over the next 12 months. And right now, both our insurance teams and our reinsurance teams are actually going through the portfolio and assessing which one we need to get the rate, further rate increase or higher rate increase and so we're planning ahead as to how we're going to react. The problem that we're seeing right now is there aren't that many renewals as you pointed out for the reinsurance up until the 1st of January. So, we have a lot of time and have a lot of discussion and as you can appreciate, there is a lot of positioning by the various players in that market. So, we'll probably not know realistically how the reinsurance market plays out until very late in December. But we're going to have all the things laid on in front of us, knowing exactly how to react. On the insurance side, we've seen a couple of things emerge, couple of rate changes, we've seen, the first thing we started hearing is there is no more rate decrease which is a good place to be. But the rate increases are sedate for now. They are a little bit – they are coming up single to double-digit, but it's very sparse, there aren't that many things renewing right now. Again, we're very much on the reactive mode right now, evaluating on a weekly basis, I know Nicolas and Maamoun and their respective teams are talking constantly as to what's going to happen.
Marc Grandisson: Josh, the way we look at the reinsurance purchasing, specific on the reinsurance side, they're still partners of ours and we fully expect them to be there if no going forward next year and a year after, if the market were to present itself. But I would say that, it's certainly helped us managing the net exposure because the market was indeed getting softer for last five years, as you know. We actually – I would say that between our gross – our appetite to the market and relying on our partners, I mean, probably a 50-50 split between our management of the exposure. So, that's probably allowed us to stay a bit longer, while not the overly reliant if you will on the retro placement. So because at the end, they were nice to have. I think that our partners will still be there for the long haul, but we're not relying on this to write the business going forward.
Marc Grandisson: Moving away from modeling for one second, Amit, I think if you move – if you park aside Maria, because this one has probably the most uncertainty in terms of modeling an alternative protection, it's really hard for us internally based on the modeling and based on what we know in terms of damage what happened is very hard to even consider that both Harvey and Irma are less than $25 billion each. So, that already takes us to the $50 billion. So before even considering Maria and the other event that happened, so that's why we are sort of building from there to – it's not a far reach to get to $70 billion, $80 billion, $90 billion, but I guess only time will tell. But I think it's very hard in isolation to just look at these two losses and think that they are going to like $15 billion each. It's very difficult for us, and that the implications of the industry losses that we have seen reported so far that these two losses would be a lot less than they seem at this point.
Marc Grandisson: And Brian, I mean, I just appreciate you allow me to put the plug out there in the marketplace, if anybody's looking to deploy capital in this space, we'd love to talk to them. Yeah. Thank you for that.
Marc Grandisson: Well, if the rates – right now the returns in the space are in the mid-to-high single-digits. So, it's not expected return and not extraordinary.
Marc Grandisson: So we've actually asked our team is what we are going through right now. We think that to get to a 15-plus return, we would need roughly 30% to 35% rate increase. So, we need a substantial increase in rate. What people forget is we have to be careful with looking at a rate that changed in isolation, I think it's been mentioned on other calls is that we are at a pretty low level compared to history for the last five or six years. So this is why – in 2005, when rates went up 10%, 15%, 20% we were in a very different market, pricing was a lot better, where it comes from, now it's not as good by any stretch of the imagination. So, we will need substantial rate increase to really fully deploy it and even then, Brian, as you know, we are very careful with our capital management, we will have to see it and have a good clarity of it before we commit fully to this. And I think it's going to take a gradual price increase and will take time, it's going to be a dynamic process for us to evaluate as we go forward. But, if you close your eyes and you roll the tape and you see the rates have gone up 50%, 60%, then I think we would have a lot more appetite to take on a net basis. But we will sort of have to work our way towards this, as we see if the market allows us.
Marc Grandisson: I think there is a recognition right now, Brian, as we speak when we hear from our producers and from even the buyers of insurance or reinsurance for that matter, and the recognition that rates need to go up. So I think this consensus is building slowly but surely. But the question is how much if it does go up. I think to answer your question, we need to know will there be some creep, some increase in loss reserve – in loss estimation in a few players, will there be some change to rating agency perception of risk, will there some change to the modeling, there are a lot of things unfortunately, Brian, that need to happens for everything to converge to one area which was more the case in 2005 if you remember. We had a two or three things converging at the same time, which really helped it. And also frankly, we might be sitting in the next call, talking to you guys about this and still not know fully where it's going. In 2005, it took another four, it took really between June – May or June, March to June of 2006 to really see the market take hold and really find its footing, so it takes a little while longer than we would expect unfortunately.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, Meyer, the way it works is that you have the – it's on a – if you look at quarterly, the amortization of the limit is amortized overtime. It's a 5% of risk-in-force and if there's persistency of 80% per year, you would expect 80% of premium to be paid the next year and then a, 64% or the $11 million in the third year and so on and so forth. That's how the bond works, the $368 million, you know, will amortize over time.
Marc Grandisson: We're seeing that market getting very active. And then we're very happy, very pleased with premium. Premium is a way ahead of its initial plan. And that's testament to our team's efforts in working very diligently. I think that there's a – like we said before I mean there's a lot of books of business specifically on the liability – this is a liability transaction, that's why it's booked in the casualty unit. There's a lot of books of business who have issues and worked, and people are trying to and I can't blame them, trying to find a new home for it to just move away from it and just put it behind them. This one is really meant to bring finality to that client. So I think we're going to see more of these, I think in terms of – sense of capital management and earnings management, you can expect more companies to look at it. There's a very, very healthy flow of offers in the book for our premium folks.
Marc Grandisson: No, we're not seeing it right now. We think it should happen, but actually it might actually be – have a perverse reaction as a result of property lines having losses, people might look at casualty and professional lines. For us casualty got to be clear, encompasses more – especially on the reinsurance, more than just GL, it also encompasses professional lines, it could have a perverse reaction that people use it as an excuse to get price decreases for accounts that haven't had a casualty loss in a while because – while look at the property accounts. They're giving you losses, we're not giving you account. So everybody will, I shouldn't probably be using these arguments on a call to give it to our clients. But I'm sure they'll be using them so.
Marc Grandisson: Ian, I think that the other thing you have to keep in mind, Ian, is if you have a portfolio of homeowners, very straightforward plain vanilla, and you had a lesser amount of risk, it's probably more likely that you'll be to close that file a bit quicker. The area where we think there's a lot more variability is on the E&S and on unoccupied buildings and the sort and that's going to take a while for everybody to really figure out what the coverages are going to be. And you have insurers who are – possibly been more sophisticated than a bit more better equipped to fight with the insurance companies. And surely we're seeing it as with the AOB phenomenon in Florida that surely doesn't help the matter. So I guess you have to put things in perspective and it depends who you talk about. But I would echo what Dinos just said, a lot of the insured population will not probably have anything settled or finalized in terms of loss estimation and indemnity paid for another six to nine months. It takes a while.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. This is very uncertain. I've asked our underwriters that right in the area this week actually, and again it's still extremely opaque, there's still a lot of – no information, lot of areas don't have power yet and things are not just back into an order and it's going to be a long time before, we figure out. So this is where a cat – even a cat event, Ian, could be in long-tail event, a long-tail phenomenon, which is again, things that we forget as an industry sometimes.
Marc Grandisson: And Ian, I think you're exactly right. I think not only on the loss estimates from the size, what the ultimate loss is going to be at the industry. But to add matter – to add even more complexity then you're quite right, and we talk about all the time, this alternative capital, it's a relatively newer phenomenon to our segment. And it brings a little bit more – quite a bit more actually uncertainty, as to what's going to happen. And would add that it might increase the volatility of what could happen, which could be good for us in a way as well. So it's remains to be seen.
Marc Grandisson: And Ian just to add further. So if we go through the losses that are reported and we look on the reinsurance side right. You see even if there was some creep up or some factoring, the AOB, the flood or the business interruption, it's hard to see a lot more creeping up into the reinsurance layers. But it's a more, it's a provider effect on the reinsurance side. So we had to do a more prudent selecting the losses reflecting those uncertainty between the insurance and the reinsurance. I think it's a lot more uncertainty on the insurance side at this point of time.
Mark Lyons: Well, think of it this way Elyse, the 19% contemplates a full year view. So as if the fourth quarter is more average with a normal cat load than we talked a little bit about California wildfires, the 19% should hold.
Mark Lyons: Well, in terms of – I quoted salary expenses to you, so that's run rate of 8.3% per quarter. To the extent that there is any other actions contemplated there, we only talk about that once they happen for a lot of employee morale and other aspects or reasons. There are associated additional costs with other kinds of compensation, employee benefits and so forth. But we really don't comment on that. But there is a lot of ongoing work with IT down over the next couple of years when redundant systems start to be peeled away, although savings and associated license costs will come to fruition.
Mark Lyons: Well, first off, you should think about them in total between DAC and OpEx because there's always – you may think back to what we did at the end of the year, last year, because there's some – it's not like a direct sales force, so some of that goes into acquisition. And remember, say, as a result of the purchase, all the DAC got really written off. So, it's really buried within the intangible assets. So as one more and then subsequent, as we write more business, that's on a single basis, it creates a UPR, that PR grows, DAC grows and that has to be created over time. So, you should be seeing an increase in the acquisition ratio.
Mark Lyons: Good questions. I think I'm going to turn it around a little because I think you actually – your statement actually answered your question. Now, they don't have exact mirror accounting to us, they come up with their own views and estimates. But I think from an EP or earned premium, net earned premiums, ceded earned premiums to them assumed earned premium, I think that's a reasonable way to look at it. But clearly, when it's starting the downside of the effect of the AIG for this year diminishing each quarter.
Mark Lyons: And Brian that would be a composite because you have to take into account the underlying ceding company rate changes as well as what it might be on the cat rate itself.
Mark Lyons: Yeah, Jay. It's a good question. We do see that as an ongoing piece of our repertoire to manage risk management in the balance sheet, so yes.
Mark Lyons: Correct, which will be the case on every, think of it as a laddering. We do another Bellemeade, its first payment will be higher and decremented. And then if we do another one in 2018, there'll be a first payment that's higher and it will decrement.
Mark Lyons: I think, if I could just start. I think Kai, it's completely derivative to the other discussions we're having on property cat and the opportunity. The opportunity is strong then there was clearly a decreased likelihood of doing that on a return. So they're totally in balance with each other, we need to see where the market is, before we can really answer that.
Mark Lyons: Hey, Ian, for the record, I'll state, you weren't one of the guys that went to the 111.8% combined ratio so.
Mark Lyons: And Ian, just to marry Marc's comments with some of the ones earlier on that proportional aspect, to the extent that the market losses, the industry losses start to decrease because of the proportionality on the insurance side that will be shared. Whereas some programs on reinsurance or retro markets and some companies might be – think of it as event aggregate excesses. And you're really saving for the reinsurer more than just saving for your net.
Ian Gutterman: Waldo took your profits from selling all his book and he you wrote a bunch of reinsurance. So when you find Waldo, you're going to find $50 billion.
Ian Gutterman: But it could be in London, it could be in Bermuda, it could be in Germany, Waldo likes to hide in lots of places, so.
Ian Gutterman: He might be delivering lunch today you never know. So my first question is, what – I'm sure you listen to some of these calls, and everyone is strident that they've learned from 2011, they've learned from 2005 and they're not going to late report this time. Where do you think the issues are? I mean a lot of the primary companies are even saying, we've closed most of our claims already like it's so obvious, we know what our inventory is, there's nothing that can surprise us. You mentioned program, outside of that are there other reasons we should see late reporting on what the primary companies are calling simple storms, at least outside Maria.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. Got it. Looking at your recoverable on the balance sheet, should I assume most of that growth was from the hurricane. So that your gross was about twice your net.
