Mark Donald Lyons: Well, I would say is 15% and it can be better than that. But let’s keep it up 15%, we’re happy with that.
Mark Donald Lyons: Yeah, Dinos, I would say, just echoing what Dinos said, the casual lines over the last couple of quarters have gotten 12% to 14% to 15% increases. But the way we look at it though as we stated before, it’s – what’s the absolute return those increases give us, not just the fact that they’re increasing. We still think that has a long way to go. Just to give you a little insight, our specialty casualty unit in the month that just went by, we’ll look forward, only wrote a couple of hundred thousand dollars of new business, why? Because we don’t yet forgetting those kinds of increases, but the absolute margin isn’t there yet. So we could make the same comment on excess work comp. We could make the same comment on another longer tailed lines of business.
Mark Donald Lyons: That’s correct.Amit Kumar – Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. That’s all I have for now. Thanks so much for all the answers.
Mark Donald Lyons: Well, the TALF had – first talk about what it does by not being there as opposed to what it’s reinvested in. There’s a two-pronged impact. You do have reduction in net investment income. But you also have reduction on interest expense, because this is a levered investment, it had some debt associated with it. So that was roughly a reduction of a million and change on interest expense and it was about two changes I think on the net investment income on a run rate quarter. Where that gets reinvested, it’s – you should, I guess really look at it as a distribution across all our asset classes. We can’t say the TALF numbers went specifically to this investment, specifically to a different investment.
Mark Donald Lyons: And just for the sake of clarity, assuming nothing else changed, you’d wind up with the excess – if nothing else changed other than the ships to some of these other investments. The level of excess capital would drop because of the distribution of those assets getting a higher capital charge. So as we look at our excess capital, it’s fully adjusted for forays into riskier investments.Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So that makes perfect sense. When you look at the return potential for casualty lines, the ones that you where you are pulling back. Is that anticipating sort of a risk free investment return or…
Mark Donald Lyons: Yeah, but it’s whatever comes out of the analysis.Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right.
Mark Donald Lyons: And this had 27,000 hit so far and they’re extending the reach into other aggregators, but Dinos is right. And with the Internet play, there is some cost efficiencies.
Mark Donald Lyons: Well, I think it’s pretty straight forward. It’s a labor intensive business. There’s a lot of infrastructure that’s needed for repurchasing and in addition to that with the employee forces in order to utilize that infrastructure. So just think of it as having over a short period of time, an employee force that outstrips the revenue generation and then that reverses itself.
Mark Donald Lyons: Well, that’s correct. But what you look at is, the first couple of years, you have more of the in force run off, I’ll call it.
Mark Donald Lyons: While the other one, the new business is ramping up. So one, kind of helps offset the other, but doesn’t entirely offset it.
Mark Donald Lyons: Well, you have to get into the details. But it wasn’t be entire TALF. We, over the course of the year depopulated some of that mostly in the second half. So it wasn’t going to zero even in the fourth quarter would have had a partial reflection of it.
Mark Donald Lyons: Which in all likelihood with the first quarter of 2014.Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Mark Donald Lyons: Just to augment that a little bit, description was for the majority within the group of cat, which is in the reinsurance group, the minority let’s say 20% restaurants. The reinsurance group doesn’t smooth, because they already have smoothing, the healthy renewing covers and the cat program that they have.
Mark Donald Lyons: On the insurance side, so it’s getting aware that $100 million got felt within the group. It’s either smoothed over five years on the reinsurance side or if it’s really head the cat program response and therefore limits the impact of that.Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, that’s very helpful. Thanks very much.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it will depend on the opportunities. Traditionally, as a company we always want to operate all of our units with a strong capital position, as a commitment we made to customers, as a commitment we made to the rating agencies, as a commitment we made to our employees. So depending on how well that business and how good our penetration is in the market, we will make sure that we have adequate capital supporting that business.
Constantine P. Iordanou: But I don’t want to mislead you. I think the market is improving. So we’ll not disagree with some of our competitors’ comments. It’s just maybe it’s our view and the absolute profitability of certain classes that differs. And we’ve been always a patient company because on premium revenue, because to tell you the truth, we love to grow high percentages if the market allows us. But we will not hesitate to shrink, if we don’t think we’re getting the right rates. So it’s a mixed bag right now. We got segments, we’re bullish and we’re letting the units grow. And then we have segments we are not bullish and we are actually shrinking. The combination of that though is giving us a growth which is not – I’m not disappointed. I think 7% on the net and about 5% on the gross on the insurance group is – in this market environment, it’s not a bad result. And from, I mean, the first quarter, I can talk about January 1, I think our growth in January 1, business was even a little higher than that. But one-month doesn’t make it quarter over year. So in essence, the momentum is going in the right direction as far as we’re concerned.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I mean that’s a strategy that sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn’t. If you like to be a profit to see what’s going to happen sometimes best things happen to you, because you might be reading the obituary pages and you find your name on it. And so I don’t like to predict the future. What we see, we instruct our units, this is the market that you’re operating. What you see today, you take actions today, and if that changes tomorrow, you have the right to change your approach. And that’s why we’re a company that pays very little attention to premium budgets. Our units, they get capital allocation on a quarterly basis. We reevaluate that based on market conditions and we expect that agility from our operating units to be able to adjust and reflect what’s happening in the market. So that formula has worked for us for 10 years and I’m not going to change it. And that strategy that you just talked about; isn’t just a forward look in the insurance market, it’s a forward look in the economy. So the idea that the economy would have recovered enough that customers would be willing and able to pay a big rate increase a year hence is also a bet we don’t quite believe in yet.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we want to pay a true book value, so the earn-out will give a fair price, based on how the book evolves over the next two, three years. And that’s what we negotiate it.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, a lot of that strategy is that, first the subset is generally in the treasury auction space. So the treasury auctions would come up and we will participate perhaps to varying degrees. So yes, that would be a source of some of the realized gains. But it’s really done for liquidity purposes as well that over time the view of the yields of it, when you’re holding it for a while, it changes in the marketplace. But to your core question, it’s really the treasury auction space is the core source of turnover.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yeah, there is some portions of the portfolio, actually they have turnover six times. So…Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it, okay. Great, thank you.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it depends on which sector, right? The TALF yield was in the low double-digits. I don’t know if it was 12% or 15%, they’re about, but we have high yield investments in alternative space, which is exactly that. So I don’t know if we’re going to utilize all of it in the year or not. Every month, when we sit with the investment committee and our Chief Investment Officer, we decide where based on the asset allocation we have in the different assets classes where they’re going to put it. So it’s very hard just to tell you, is this going to reduce the investment yield by a point, I mean by 10 basis points or five or three or it will be neutral. My guess will probably be neutral.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, you got to see the mix as to there is that equation, and also you got to see as to where we choose to book the accident year. We’re not anxious to be aggressively booking good accident years. Even though that I indicates that we can, if we wanted to we just we feel nobody is taking their hand in our pocket taking the money out. So if it comes in the future, it will come in the future.Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thank you very much.
Constantine P. Iordanou: We know we have, we don’t believe…Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to…
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, our approach to investments is, the investment department gets a capital allocation depending on the asset classes that and the amount of assets that we allocate in each one of the asset class. So yes, in general, in theory, the more capital you have, excess capital, it allows you to be in more asset classes that require more capital allocation. But we sit down with the investment department and we make those allocations and then we know what the capital grow will be, because at the end of the day, we’re very, very fond of our ratings and we don’t want to do anything to jeopardize those.
Constantine P. Iordanou: I didn’t view it as a decline. At the end of the day, we do it ground up. A lot of their releases, they were short tail. I think two-thirds of it, it was all short tail. And we haven’t looked very hard on the long tail in this particular quarter. So, I wouldn’t read anything into it.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And then you make judgments along the way, yeah.Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, don’t forget, in the mortgage insurance space, we believe that is a 15% ROE business and any can be better. It depends on your underwriting discipline and selections et cetera. Having said that, the UK motor is not quite as good as that, but it’s double-digits. And as we said in prior calls, if it drops below that we will be willing to walk away from it, if we can’t get double-digit returns. So that’s where those businesses are. Now, we have a high ROE business in other segments small announce, but for example, we just launch facility on the Internet to sell travel accident insurance directly. And if you go and decide is called RoamRight, you’d be able to see our offerings. Of course, it might take years before it become significant, but those businesses have pretty high ROEs and we’re excited about it. These things that we usually have incubation for sometime until we put them out, I think we did put a press release on that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: We commented on that. So I don’t want to bore everybody. If you read my prepared remarks, you will see it.
Constantine P. Iordanou: As deals that were coming off, it was throughout the year. So your calculation, you math is correct, but incorrect in the degradation of those amount. We can give you the details as to how it happened over the year. It wasn’t all done in the fourth quarter.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yeah, it could be a little higher than that. But so it would be a conservative capital position. I think that’s what that business needs. You need some conservative underwriting and good capital allocation.Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay, thank you.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It’s after the deal closes. Once the deal closes then the immediate – the following quarter, we’re going to break it up.
Constantine P. Iordanou: The $100 million, it is coming from cats. It doesn’t have a huge impact because our compensation system, even though it’s purely ROE based, it spreads cat earnings and cat losses on a rolling five year average. We don’t want anybody to either get hurt or benefit. I don’t want them to bet their ranch for one year and then the next year, I have the major loss. So if our entire book of business deteriorates by a $100 million, I can give you the math surrounding that, because our incentive compensation is pretty straight forward. We are in 8% of that that’s the cliff at 15%, they get a 100% or 23%, of ROE they get 200% and they get 400% if we get into their the high 30s, and they may get nothing if we’re below 8%. So, what 100 million on the entire book does to ROE, it will give you the answer.
Constantine P. Iordanou: I mean as we said, we allocate on the basis on the insurance the insurance versus reinsurances if I have five pennies of cat, I give four to the reinsurance group and one to the insurance group. So that’s our allocations. And then we leave it up to the cat teams to determine, which zones, how much as long as we don’t exceed the 25% to capital ratio that we superimpose from corporate down to the operating lines. So as you see, sometimes you will see some changes like the gulf was our high zone a quarter ago. Now it’s the northeast. We’re a little underweight in Florida. We had only $602 million in Florida. Sometimes we were even higher on a lesser capital a couple of years back. But those are the determinations of our cat underwriting teams as they see what comes in and do they like the rates et cetera. And in a lot of other zones, we’re not totally utilizing our capacity either because the available business is not there and/or we don’t like the rates. I’m talking about Japanese quake or wind or South American quake or Australian, New Zealand, whatever part of the world, we’ll be in very, very under weighed because in Europe for win because we don’t like the rating environments. And that’s individual company. We’re not thinking that we’re smarter than anybody else. We just have a different opinion. Other people who provide the capacity think they’re getting adequate rates. Our guys don’t feel they’re getting adequate rates, so we don’t utilize a lot of that capacity.Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great, thank you so much for answering follow-up.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you all for your patience, and looking forward to speaking to you three months from today. Have a wondering day.
