François Morin: Well, I mean, we don't -- I mean, we do the gross and -- we just -- we focus on the net, because there's a lot of moments there and there's a lot of reinsurance protection, as you know, that comes into play. The court number is just at about $1 billion, net of all the protections we have.
François Morin: I just want to make sure -- I mean, the question, in a sense -- a cushion, yes, I mean, just typically, we certainly want to have a question above PMIERs 1.0 or 2.0. We don't think it's prudent to run a business right at PMIERs, whatever that is. So no question that, yes, as you saw, the PMIERs ratio did go up this quarter, driven by the new Bellemeade transaction we closed on in the third quarter. We're in the middle of discussions and planning around how we can extract some of that excess capital from the regulated entity, regulated mortgage entities and see what we can do with that.
François Morin: Well, I mean, we're working on it. The answer is, it's a fact, we closed on the transactions and as you know, it takes time to get approvals. That's what I've done, and that's really what we're -- the first thing we need to do for an annual -- once -- if and when we get those, then we'll be -- we'll have more flexibility in what we can do with it.
François Morin: Too early to tell. We think it's not a bad place to start. We're in the middle of planning for 2019, and all I can say is we'll give you more color in -- with the year-end call, I'd say. Once we are into '19, we'll have more visibility on how things are shaping up and the mix of business and what jurisdictions and how we think that'll play out.
François Morin: Well, yes. No question that we look at our expenses. I mean, that's something that we watch very closely. And this quarter just turned out, there's always going to be movements from quarter-to-quarter. So on corporate side, yes, a little bit lower, but I wouldn't read too much into it. Sometimes, it's just timing of some cash payments or what-have-you, some expenses that we have throughout the year, so I wouldn't read too much into that. Some -- the reality on the reinsurance side is -- lower compensation, which is the direct result of the performance of the units. No question that as we accrue bonuses throughout the year, they're based on unexpected ROE, which this year turns out may not be as good as it has been in prior years, and we're adjusting for that. So certainly, you would -- you think that the operating expenses should adjust over time based on the profitability of the units. And there's, the reality is there's also a couple of miscellaneous payments here and there that will move the needle. But again, the message is, yes, we keep looking at it. We're trying to be as diligent and do as good a job, making sure that we're spending in the money in the right places and making the right investments in our people, in our technology, in our systems. But there's no question, there's going to be some movements from quarter-to-quarter.
François Morin: Yes, there's a timing of the second to third quarter. Second quarter, historically, what we've done are equity grants and there's a spike there across the board for all units. There's also, depending on whether it is retirement-age people are not, there's a different way of accounting for the grants, but that's really why comparing second quarter to third quarter is something that you got to be careful with. And just to give you a bit of a heads-up, as you plan ahead and maybe on a year overall 12-month period, doesn't make a huge difference, but we're contemplating moving the equity-based awards from the second quarter to the first quarter, so -- next year. So that might -- again, we'll give you more color when and if we get there, but that's a possibility we're exploring right now to make those all in the first quarter.
Marc Grandisson: Not really. From just talking to you, I guess, at some point, we might want to talk to it through it, but it's not very easy manageable, I guess, on a call like this.
Marc Grandisson: Two things to add to this. Geoff, I think that the Bellemeade transaction, as you know, are, by and large, so far, been backward looking. So you really only know after you've accomplished, so you realize them. So your question assumes that you're going to have the same level of execution in the market going forward on a guarantee, or somewhat guarantee basis, which we don't look as the case. But having said all of this, you also have opportunities that may develop, over time, in the marketplace that might mean more need for capital. And that also will cause, sometimes, delay or it's not a very immediate release of capital, as you know, with the regulatory entities in the U.S., we have to be careful and it takes a lot of wild to go through the capital management because of all these constituencies out there.
Marc Grandisson: So Kai, all moving parts that are very -- there's a lot of things going on. If anything else change, you're quite right that we should expect to have a very similar combined ratio. That's on a -- just based on the credit quality of the borrowers, it's still extremely good out there. So yes, that we would expect, if everything else being equal, which is never is, right, we still need house price to go up, with still unemployment remaining low and mortgage rates not increasing dramatically or in a significant way. So there's a lot of things that need to happen for this to be -- for the shorter term, yes, we would expect this to be a sustainable combined ratio.
Marc Grandisson: So let me take the property cat. I mean, it's still early, right? We're a couple of months before the renewal of the January 1s. The market is still flushed with capital. So there's a couple of things going on there that brings a lot of dynamic as we get towards 1/1. Based on our results, the losses that we've seen over the last 2, 3 years, we would expect it to be at least -- there should be at least some price increase to recognize the fact that the long-term average -- the short-term average is probably not going in the favor of the insurance companies and the reinsurance companies. So we would expect that to have an influence on the renewals but however capacity is plentiful and there's a lot of alternative capital that could come and change it. So we'll have to wait and see what happens. It's not a clear-cut answer from that perspective. On the casualty side, it's a very tough place to be. The result from the casualty, we're not a big casualty reinsurance player. What we see -- what you see in our casualty segment is not at all the GL, the general liability or the traditional casualty reinsurance. We still feel this is too competitive for our own case. The fact that people want to buy more reinsurance might indicate to me that there's a lot -- there are -- there's a willingness and a desire to share or at least to deemphasize the risk that is inherent in that portfolio. So we'll be very cautious in the way we are going about running that business. We're not as optimistic about the casualty market as people would be out there.
Marc Grandisson: Not soon enough, right? I mean, that will be the right answer. I think that we've seen the trailing 12-month combined ratio, hovering around 99% this quarter, yet did have large attritional losses. I think it's 2 to 2.5 points impact on the quarter, which would have put this quarter in line with the other ones. But on a trailing 12 months, we're pretty much at the 99% number. And this is the one that we tend to focus on. Any one quarter does not make a trend. And as you'll remember, we had large losses on reinsurance last quarter that we didn't have in this quarter. We had it in insurance. So there's a lot of volatility going around those -- given the specialty lines that we write. I think that we also look at this in the sense of the overall market being softer and conditions not strengthening any better, with some rate increase. It just makes us be that much more prudent. When there's a large loss that comes in, most of the time, ID&R would be made up -- would be there to make up for that loss, but we tend to take a more conservative approach to this and maybe not fully take a -- may not take the full impact on the ID&R and remain the -- leave the ID&R at the same level and take the large loss as it comes because we're not sure that the fundamentals are improving as much as we would hope they would be.
Marc Grandisson: I'm not sure what part of my remarks you mentioned -- you referred to, but the thing about our ability to increase market share and being that relevant to our clients is most of the clients that embraced risk-based pricing are actually the ones who are getting market share in the industry. And that's been a phenomena that's been going on for several quarters. So yes, by virtue of us being -- there's much more nimbleness, if you will, the more in the nonbank loan originators than there are in the larger banks out there, and I think that for the first -- for the recent quarters, I think there's been a recognition that the larger banks might be losing market share to those nonbank loan originators and RateStar actually works much better for those loan originator and actually helps them win business. So that's actually helping us grow market share or maintain our market share, at the very least.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I'll say a couple of things on that. First, I mean, yes, delinquency rates are at very low levels. So we don't think they're going to go much lower than that. But the reality is the performance has been very, very good. As you know, the reserving methodology in the mortgage segment is very much more of a mechanical prescribed exercise. There's a lot less flexibility in the mortgage segment than there might be in the P&C side. So if the delinquencies are there, yes, we can put up reserves for it. And if they're no longer there or they cure, the reserves come down. So it's -- there's no in between. Is it delinquent? Is all delinquent? Yes or no. And from there, the models we've built produced the estimates we carry or the reserves we have in the books. So to answer your question, I think maybe there's a bit more to go, but I think to be honest, it's been -- the level that we saw in this quarter have been extremely high and probably higher than any of us here expected. So if it happens again next quarter, well, I'd be surprised. I'm not saying it can't happen, but it would be a, again, a continuation of very favorable trends that the whole industry is seeing. We're not the only ones, as you know, that are seeing these trends and -- but again, I don't think they'll be -- they're sustainable for an extended period.
Marc Grandisson: It's pretty much all of the above that are possibilities. And I think -- and we'll be communicating with the market as and when we find out, if they do find out and come up to fruition. So yes, the answer is all of them.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So the trend is a very interesting and important discussion. The problem is nobody will really know what it looks like until 5 or 6 years from now. Historically, trends in the insurance industry has been outpacing the core CPI increase, and we've seen the CPI at about 1.7% to 1.8% over the last 4 or 5 years. And -- which would mean to me that's a trend -- and if you look at the spread over that historically, it was 100 bps above that. So the inflation on claims, for insurance claims is always higher than CPI. I just want to make sure it's clear here. We've seen 250 bps above this over the last 4 or 5 years. So there's a lot of uncertainty on this. We're trying to do two things, right? And one of them is portfolio construction. We try to focus on more primary policies because we think that the excess portfolios will have a lot more uncertainty in terms -- if we turn out to be wrong on the trend in the pricing, the trend is going to impact the excess insurance market a lot more than the primary market. And second, are pricing for those kinds of -- those kinds of trends will give us a range around those trend and putting a cushion that would not wrong -- on the wrong side of the decimals when we actually produce the returns -- the results. There's also other things, at least, that help us. We could buy reinsurance to help us shape around the expected -- the margin. But by and large, it's a give and take and through with the marketplace. And with portfolio construction, and also focusing on the line of business where -- you heard us talk about travel and property, right? Those 2 lines of business would be lines where inflation is a lot less relevant. Because you're going to tend to find out inflation into a year is much quicker than, let's say, an E&S casualty or high excess workers comp.
Marc Grandisson: So first, we don't run the business. As you guys know, on a market share basis, we just provide our rate -- our best foot forward with our rates in our approach to risk-based pricing and try to give good service to our clients and provide them with good products. And at the end of quarter, we count, then we look at where the ships fell, and we just -- then share it what it is. We have no design for market share. We had -- when we do a UG acquisition, we have thought about, we had indicated, we might be lower 20s, fiber to -- some of it was fiber to the singles being less of a relevance -- relevant product, and we have delivered on this. And we like the monthlies. I guess, there's no answer, basically. I don't know where we're going to be. I just know that what we've done this quarter generated x market share, and we're happy with that. I don't know what the future holds.
Marc Grandisson: I think we're in the same market as Genworth from that perspective, right? I mean, there are large customers, and that happens all the time, and that might decide to reallocate between provider of -- providers of mortgage insurance for various reasons. There's no grand design here. I think that this -- it could happen to us, it's happened to them, and we could -- we might be gaining what they lost and vice versa. There's nothing really magical there, Josh. I can't read much into it, much more than this.
Marc Grandisson: It's really property. A lot of it came out of the, mostly London, cat-exposed business that went through substantial rate changes, rate increases as a result of the 2017 cat events in areas like Texas and the Caribbean. So this is most of where the increase came from on the insurance side. On the reinsurance side, very seamless story. You'll see that the property also grew dramatically. We have some growth in marine, but it's largely driven by property. And for the record, it's not aviation, just want to make sure we're clear, it's not aviation.
Marc Grandisson: Everything else being equal, it should. I think that, that property cat-exposed insurance or reinsurance business will have a combined ratio of probably 60 to 70, 75, whereas a more or less cat exposed. This is absent in any cat, right? If there's a cat, of course, it be a lot worse, right? So yes, you're right, it will depend on the cat activity in the year. But, all things being equal, your assumption is right.
Marc Grandisson: Whether they do or not -- most of the rate increases we've seen in casualty over the last 2 or 3 years were led by commercial auto. And it's still very hard to get significant rate increases outside of that. I think, as you know, Meyer, that is slowing down. I'm not judging whether it should or not. But I think that we're seeing that the rate increases are slowing down. And because they're going through 2 or 3 years of significant rate increase, we still are able to push rate increase in some of the E&S casualty. There are some auto exposure. But if you don't have auto exposure, it's still not clear that you can get those rate change accelerate or getting higher. And again, I think the rate on the E&S casualty will react and will start to accelerate when and if we see losses emerging. We believe we will, but we've been wrong before so -- but since the downside of being wrong is too painful, we'd rather take a pause and take a step back and just wait for that [indiscernible].
Marc Grandisson: Yes. We understand that there were some technical problems at the start of our webcast, and we apologize for that inconvenience. There'll be a complete replay of the call available on our website within 2 hours by 2:00 p.m. Eastern. Again, happy Halloween. Thank you very much for listening and we'll talk to you next quarter.
