Marc Grandisson: Thank you Dinos. Good morning to all. The insurance industry returned to an average net hole of cash losses in the second quarter with insured claims estimated in a $13 billion to $15 billion range worldwide. As you know, Arch underwrites globally and we will pay a portion of these losses. However, previous underwriting actions taken in both our insurance and reinsurance segments help minimize Arch’s exposure to these events. You may have heard us discuss cycle management in previous calls, but I feel its worth repeating today that our appetite for assuming risk is directly related to our ability to earn an appropriate margin. In our view, it’s not prudent to grow lines of business, where the expected margins are not adequate relative to the risk assumed. The reinsurance industry continues to face dual headwinds from low investment returns available in the market and underwriting margin compression as rates failed to keep up with loss trends in many lines of business. Our focus remains on deploying capital judiciously and carefully in the B and C space, but we are continuing to redeploy aggressively in our mortgage or MI segments, where returns are very attractive and above our long term goals. We remain bullish on this sector and believe that returns will remain above our hurdle rates for the next several years. Within the U.S. mortgage MI sector, we estimate that our market share of the primary new insurance written or NIW in the U.S. was in a 9% to 10% range in the second quarter, up from 6.4% in Q1, as Arch MI continues to gain traction in the bank channel. The acceptance of RateStar, our risk-based pricing module, is a primary driver of this growth, and we believe it will allow us to earn better risk-adjusted returns. In addition, we continued our market leadership in underwriting new US GSE risk-sharing transactions and continued to see good volume from our Australian primary insurance relationships. Our US MI operation increased its NIW to $6.4 billion during the second quarter of 2016, of which approximately 76% came through the bank channel. Over 80% of our bank channel borrower paid MI commitments by the end of the second quarter were obtained through RateStar. Our current return on expectations across our MI segment is in excess of our long-term ROE target of 15%. Let me turn now to our primary P&C insurance operation in the United States. Overall, we saw rate changes of negative 180 basis points this quarter versus a positive 20 basis points last quarter. We believe that we have mitigated some of that rate of erosion after consideration of our ceded reinsurance coverage. Most of our controlled or low volatility segments had great changes at zero to positive territory, while our cycle managed segments experienced single to double digit rate decreases. As I noted – as we noted, frequently our cycle managed segments are more heavily reinsured. Our UK operation is still pressured from a rate level perspective with an overall rate decrease across all our product lines of 4.6% this quarter. Our cycle management culture is a key factor in our strategy, and we are reacting accordingly to market conditions. Our net written premium was essentially flat, but we continued to realign the portfolio to work the more attractive opportunities in the UK. Globally, our insurance group continues to adjust its mix of business on a gross basis and also on a net basis, as we are able to buy reinsurance on favorable terms. Ceded premiums increased 5% in our insurance group this quarter over the same period last year. Areas of opportunity for growth in the insurance sector in the second quarter are in our construction national accounts, travel and alternative market lines. The vast majority of our growth came as a result of our ability to take advantage of the current dislocation in areas, where major players are challenged. In contrast, our executive assurance excess property and program businesses are areas where rate levels lead us to a more defensive strategy. Turning to our reinsurance group, which continues its strong performance, our teams are increasingly more selective, given conditions in their markets. Underwriting year returns in many of the traditional reinsurance lines are in the low single digits and some are even negative on an expected basis. Adjusting for one large loss portfolio transfer and the impact of the Gulf re-acquisition last year, our reinsurance net premium written declined by 2% for the second quarter of 2016 versus 2015. And with that, I will hand it over to Mark to cover the detailed financial results.
Marc Grandisson: I would add on the second one, it was really as a result of being intimately very familiar with the book of business. It’s a client that we have known for many years and years under which the LPT is – the year it’s covering, we actually had underwriting risk alongside with that party as well. That came as a result of a, again, a request by the client to seek and improve their capital ratios, and that’s really a – this is why it’s driven – that’s why it’s driven by.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, and Kai, it’s always tough – it’s a long runway on those. Hit ratios are low, but we continue to see them and entertain them.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, the flavor of actually given in the remarks. I did mention specifically the controlled and low volatility business, which is a small to medium size, where we have more intimacy and more influence over what’s happening in the firm in pricing. We are getting flat to single-digit rate increases in many instances. The ones that are more cycle managed, more open market, a lot more competitive, a lot more commoditized, this one had the single-digit 5% to 7% rate decrease. So – and as I mentioned also in my comments, the cycle managed one is the one where we get a little bit more willing and working harder to buy reinsurance to actually mitigate those rate decreases.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, my comments on this is – I will be careful, because we don’t know again the future. There are certainly signs that reinsurance markets are pushing back on markets like property cap for instance. There is some layer that had to be repriced in the second quarter, because there was some – too much aggressiveness in trying to get the price down. So there is some pushback, it’s still going down, but not to the same level. In addition we have – we also have pushbacks from the market on getting increased ceding commissions. We are successful in getting a couple of points which Mark and Dinos mentioned before. But this is layering around 1% to 2% increase, but there is a lot of push to get more than that, so there’s still a lot of pushback from market at this point in time. What I tell our troops is, again, we are going to react to whatever we see in the marketplace. It could be a bottom. It could be a plateau before more damage is being done. It’s really too early to tell.
Marc Grandisson: There’s not much change in the buying as well as on the reinsurance side as well, it’s very consistent.
Marc Grandisson: The premium written – a lot of that – half of the growth actually comes from Australia and it’s a result of being the product single – legal premium upfront. You get all of the premium upfront and the earning pattern is extremely – it drags along. And also in the written premium for the rest of the units, there will be a lag in earnings, because we have to write the business and it takes a long time to write. And we have some singles as well on the Arch US MI. We did write some singles there. Not as much as the other guys in the world, but we did some. So there is definitely going to be a lag between the written by virtue of being single upfront, mostly from the Australian business.
Marc Grandisson: So it is going to be one in one year – the premium is going to be booked in that particular year, but it is going to be booked month-by-month.
Marc Grandisson: The one thing I will add to this is the other one that’s a big competitor of ours is the FHA as you guys know, so that one is a government agency. That’s also even a harder for us to even figure what they’re going to do with the prices. I just want to make sure that I put it out there.
Marc Grandisson: One thing different, I would say with casualty, and I totally agree with the analogy, is that we have a lot of tools that our – at our disposal that we can use to really assess and evaluate the origination at any given time. So we know what’s that we’ve been originated at any one point in time we can assess what the risk is in that portfolio and I would argue that an MI book of business has a lot more changes in a casualty book of business across all lines of business. Much more homogeneous much more stable and lot more predictive in terms of what you bring to the table by virtue of the variable you used to price. So it’s always a factor. Things can change after you’ve underwritten them. But certainly when you underwrite it, you have a very good sense with the quality what you’ve underwritten.
Marc Grandisson: Jay, a high level to help you – the way we think about the run rate basis, the expenses is about 25% to 30% in a run rate, and then I think about it globally in the industry, a mature book of business and currently the loss ratio is anywhere, you see them report at 20% to 30%. It sort of gives you a range that is kind of hard to – it could be obviously if nothing happens. It could be significant below this, but trying to get a long-term average.
Marc Grandisson: So on the Australian market, right now the Australian transaction that we have is really like an insurance, a flow business that we’ve done with that partner of ours down under. That has not gotten a lot of earned premiums, so I wouldn’t describe a lot of pickup from that sector really. We’ve done in the past some reinsurance transactions that we – to go back to your point about the second question about opportunities, there were opportunities in the past, that’s also what got us to really focus more intently on Australia. We had quota share reinsurance transactions with a couple of players down there. But those – but since we have struck this significance, we believe relationship with that bank, we don’t need – we don’t feel like we have the need to do anything more in the segment.
Marc Grandisson: Those losses, Ian, we had in the second quarter were mostly insurance losses. So it was heavily – some of the reinsurance in Canada, but a lot of it outside was insurance more than reinsurance. And I will echo with what Dinos said. Having a small loss of cat load of about $10 million in insurance group is not having a variability of about $10 million is not a big deal for us.
Marc Grandisson: It’s definitely is slightly, Ian, above average in the U.S. with the PCS numbers, they are not totally outside. The one thing that I would tell you in Canada is really, really outside of the norm. That’s really what [Multiple Speakers] most of our guys and it’s not really reflected in the cat load of anything that people right in general around the world.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes, we see activity in that sector as a matter of fact. But – we don’t make predictions as to, are we going to do any or not, because I haven’t the faintest idea if they are going to happen. The instruction to our guys is, you look at them, you like the economics, we do them, we got the capital. If you don’t like the economics we pass.
Constantine Iordanou: At this point we don’t perceive it. We have a very significant portion of their portfolio and we are sort of happy and very comfortable with that position.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, it’s a complicated question. Let me give you the strata. We don’t give you the granular performance on each one of the sectors for obvious reasons. You listen, but so are competitors, et cetera, so we are not going to tell them everything that we do. But it’s true in our comments that the aggregate rate reduction across the entire renewal group was about 1.8%, that’s a 180 bps. And then, you factor in some loss claims trends. I mean, that’s not a good market to operate. Having said that, we have sectors that were very defensive, because that’s where we are seeing the significant rate of reductions. I mentioned in my remarks property lines, excess both in our P&L, professional and liability lines with the capacity players and at the end, there’s no- it’s fewer supply and demand. There is no differentiation in the product, et cetera, and it’s under pricing pressure. We try to manage those down. And we try to put more emphasis on a small to medium size business that we have more control on the rating and also the quality of the risk, et cetera. Now, I’m going to turn it over to Mark Grandisson, because he runs the insurance group now. He runs all of our operations. And he is more granular in growth with these decisions as he does the reviews with the profit terms, et cetera, to give you a little more flavor.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes, but you see shortfalls, that’s an indication that there is a pushback. If you can’t fill the placement and you have to go back with filling a shortfall. So there is signs that we are hitting the bottom. Listen, where interest rates are, where investment income is, you better make it on the underwriting. And if you are not making it in on the underwriting, you better pack it in and go and open a Greek diner, you make more money doing that.
Constantine Iordanou: First, you’ve two questions. One is you are projecting earnings. I don’t think your comment is actually totally correct. You have to understand that in our MI book, we have US MI, we have the Australian MI, which is more steady. We have GSEs, which is more steady. And then we have some early transactions. We had a couple of reinsurance transactions that did declining, because they are maturing. They are vintage 2012 and the duration is six or seven years, so towards the end of those. So I would say, yes, the contribution of earnings is going to grow, but it’s not going to be exponential the way that you put it. Having said that, the second part of your question is, do we like the sector? And, yes we do, and we are willing to contribute more of our capital, but we don’t want it to be totally the dominant exposure that we have. In the way we think about it, we want to have a balance over time between reinsurance, insurance, and mortgage. Having said that, in different parts of cycles, depending on which segment is the most attractive, the earnings may be coming heavier in one area and lighter in another area. But that’s the beauty of allowing us to navigate and allocate capital into our three businesses. At the end of the day, we will not be a 100% mortgage company. We won’t be a 100% reinsurance company, and we won’t be a 100% P&C company. But the market will determine, which sector is a little bigger or a little smaller for us, because at the end, we are only chasing margins. And if you are chasing earnings, you’ve to go where the earnings are.
Constantine Iordanou: And at the end of the – that’s more an incremental on the flow, that is going to – it’s going to be there. But there’s – for all intensive purpose and for your model, ignore both of them.
Constantine Iordanou: Let me take you back and then I will turn it over to Marc. At the end of the day, independently we are shipping premium out to third-party reinsurance or to Watford, it’s got to make economic sense. So we are not going to – if I can get it cheaper in the open market, I’m not going to give it to Watford just to maintain volume. I’m going to go and buy it from where is the most attractive place for me. Having said that, I don’t think we have changed anything strategically as to what we would do with what. Our responsibility with Watford is to be the underwriting managers and underwrite business that at the end of the day it’s going to give them flow as close to zero as possible. And when we find those opportunities, we do it and we will give it to them. And even the business produces returns that are acceptable to us, we won’t see it. We will keep it at Arch. So our philosophy and strategy has not changed.
Constantine Iordanou: The way that I think about is that, first, the mortgage business has a six or seven years earning pattern, right. The Australian market, a lot of it is single upfront, but it was still earned over six to seven years. So you have a lag in the earnings and lag on the income that is going to come over time. In the U.S., you see our numbers. We do about 20% to singles, 80% is the month. In the month that is booked and earned on a month by month. The singles that are written up front but they’re earned over six or seven years. So, as long as you monitor those two, it will give you a good ability to put both the earnings stream as it is going to come in and also the net income stream that is delayed. That’s why some people try – like to talk about embedded value in the mortgage sector, which is some of you might have models predicting what’s going to happen in the future.
Constantine Iordanou: And from now, on anything that is positive, it continue, it sticks to our ribs. They have eight other that is done, yes.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I don’t know what they’re going to do. And as far as we’re concerned at the end of the day, RateStar is the proper way in our view to price mortgages. There’s no different in the auto sector when you introduce many different variables to price risk appropriately and that’s what we’ve been doing. We’re pretty happy with not only the performance from a production point of view, but also when we go and back test what RateStar gives us versus rate card. So we still have the rate card. Our clients some 20% of our business and 50% of our business in the credit union channel is coming through the rate card. But we test both and what we like a lot about the RateStar is that first and foremost, the auto – variability around the mean is very narrow, and we like that. It gives you stability and more predictable earnings where the rate card has a much bigger variability. And now how competitors – they’re going to respond? I don’t know. I think the best way for them to respond is just – and I don’t want to give my competitors advice is go to a rate space pricing tool and make sure that they are pricing risk appropriately. I mean that’s – that’s the proper response. If they try to just cut rates on the rate card and all that is like somebody in the quicksand and they keep moving their feet.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I think you’re reaching a conclusion that it might be right or it might not be. It wasn’t as much the valuation of our stock, but it was more where we see opportunities in the marketplace and let’s face it. We’ve seen most of the opportunities in the MI space. So basically, we kept the powder dry for the reason that we can deploy more capital in the MI space and that was the main reason behind it.
Constantine Iordanou: This is CMG mostly, which is the credit union business. And we bought that company and we bought the reserves and we brought all of the assets and the liabilities that come along with it. We had that pricing mechanism, the adjustment that we talked about. And – but at the end of the day, you’ve got to watch the performance and performance was better than we even expected ourselves. Otherwise in the dumbest guy on two legs because what I negotiated didn’t work for me. It worked for them, because I’m paying a lot more for that company than if I would have taken 100% at book value at that time. In retrospect, if I knew what I know today, I would have negotiated better.
Constantine Iordanou: We price RateStar and rate card to give us the same ROE. So we have the same target. Now as we’re back testing both, because every month, I ask the guys and we back test – based on the volume that comes in and we underwrite. The only difference between the two – it’s not on expected return of equity. I think both of them are on an expected basis is they’re about the same and we did price both at about 15% ROE. The difference is that RateStar is – the RateStar produced business is very narrow – narrower around – it’s three to four ROE points up and down of the mean, where rate card is much wider. I’ll give you an example, if you had just used credit score is one variable that you’re going to test for. You’re testing the 750s in the rate card versus RateStar. The rate card even though the mean might be 15%. It may be as some business all the way up to 20%, 22%, and some other way to 70% or 80%, RateStar is more like 12% to 13% all the way up to 70% or 80%.
Constantine Iordanou: You are right on the write-up except you couldn’t predict our one-off transactions, and when you’re ready to predict our one-off transactions, I want you to call me because you and I are going to go to Vegas together.
Constantine Iordanou: No, because your assumptions, I don’t think you’re totally listening to us correctly. We said that reinsurance is deteriorating, I mean still very good results, don’t get me wrong. But that is under pressure. So we’re losing ground there and we’re losing lesser ground in the insurance side. But in both of those sectors, we’re losing ground. So in essence, from a profitability point of view, they’re not going to have the same ROEs as before. And that the reason I didn’t change the $10 million to $12 million on an underwriting basis is because I’m offsetting what I’m losing on those two sectors by what I’m gaining through mix change on the MI sector and that’s the way that you have to think about it.
Constantine Iordanou: You can reserve as long as you have a delinquency. And that’s – we don’t like the accounting model. We’ve talked about it in other calls. But at the end of the day, I’m not setting up the rules. I just play by the rules.
Constantine Iordanou: If we were pure primary MI, it would be easier for you because then you will see what the average claim cost is, which doesn’t move very much in the mid $40,000 range. And then you look at the delinquency and that is improving bit by bit, but because we have the Australian business, we have the GSE business and those depends what block it is getting it gets a lot more complicated
Constantine Iordanou: But it would have been unknown provision. Basically we will continue to be recalculating the book value based on the actual performance of the loan portfolio from the date of closing in prior.
Constantine Iordanou: Not specifically, because at the end of the day – listen free trade will affect that global GDP and global GDP will affect the revenue for the insurance sector. But having said that, because we are a highly regulated business, a lot of what we do is global, but it’s local from the regulation point of view. You operate and you need local licenses and you participate in the local market, et cetera. So I don’t see significant change in the way the insurance business is done, if there’s barriers that they put up. At the end of the day though, if GDP growth is very low, it will affect our ability to get revenue. It’s been always like that. You can track the growth on the P&C world of insurance and reinsurance with GDP and there’s a very, very good correlation there.
Constantine Iordanou: Right now our units are doing pricing the – transactions or portfolios using a treasury free rate, by and large. That’s what we’re using, that’s how they compensate on when they calculate the ROEs.
Constantine Iordanou: No, capital no, there is no return. No return. The capital is allocated based – no underwriting return, right. The duration of liabilities of, let’s say, five years, there will be – take that five-year and that’s 1% or 5% pickup on the flow. Now when you look at the contract that we assigned capital to it and got to see what’s the upside, downside, and how much capital it goes, and you make those calculations. Don’t forget, some of these transactions, they have a limited risk transfer. Some of them have more risk transfer and that’s when we got to go through a test if this is going to be a deposit accounting or a reinsurance accounting. This one has enough risk transfer. But we are happy with it because of our familiarity of the book of business and our participation on the book of business as the quota share participant in prior years. Having said that, don’t misconstrue 100 combined that that might be the expected value of the contract over time. At the end of the day, you’re reserve conservatively, and if you are wrong, nobody is taking the money out of your pocket, you – the sale that we get it eventually.
Constantine Iordanou: We don’t target specifically any company. I mean, there is reunderwriting being done by many companies, including AIG and others. All I have to say is that, we’ve seen some increased opportunities in sectors that we believe we have good underwriting expertise. And we’re getting into the batter’s box so to speak. We haven’t been hitting a lot of doubles, triples, or home runs, maybe a single here and there, which tells you that the market hasn’t come up to our liking yet. But we have increased – the opportunities that we see have increased noticeable.
Constantine Iordanou: Nothing unusual. But – listen on the insurance side, you get on two buildings and you’ve $5 million or $10 million and then all of a sudden you kind of have $15 million. And we got an operation up in Canada. So I don’t know exactly the specific accounts, but it wasn’t a significant number of claims. It was a few claims. And don’t forget, we do not like personal lines. So for us to get hit, we got to hit on apartment buildings or a school, or something of that sort, and it’s very easy to get quote with $5 million on a couple of them. And all of a sudden, we’re not reporting tens of millions of dollars. I mean, at the end of the day, yes, you are slightly higher than reinsurance. But it was nothing unusual for us.
Constantine Iordanou: It can happen. If you are in the wrong hospital or in the wrong apartment building and the wrong and you put $10 million up, you’re going to get hit. You get hit.
Constantine Iordanou: I don’t – if you are up $10 million and you say $40 billion annual cat load worldwide as maybe the expected number. But I haven’t spent a lot of time. Maybe Marc, you have. I know there is a lot of statistics and we look at that. But I would characterize it as slightly above average. But not – this is not something that is not going to happen again.
Mark Lyons: And I would just add on top, because Marc nailed it is the additional layer that we talked about the ceding commissions. So on the commoditized product lines, you manage your mix through increased reinsurance, and this is the environment you are getting – continuing those overrides that drops the bottom line and really help protect net income.
Mark Lyons: Good question. To both of those, I used to view them as unique special events. Not recurrent and really not earnings that was fully – virtually fully earned right away. So, consider it a quarterly outlier.
Mark Lyons: I mean, Michael, is it possible that a year from today we reevaluate the ultimate as favorable or what have you? Sure. Don’t think of it as a quarter by quarter impact.
Mark Lyons: Well, I think, you’ve got – Marc already talked about it. If you’re looking at overall cessions, you have the insurance group continuing to cede a little bit more.
Mark Lyons: I think in totality, it was roughly the same nested gross at an ACGL level. But the mixture between – you still got reinsurance guys are doing some retrocessions, but I think it’s mostly leveraging reinsurance in the – from the insurance sector side.
Mark Lyons: And, Michael, just – I think you’re probably going to go back and you are thinking about how you’re going to protect this stuff on a go forward basis. I just want to clarify both Marc and Dinos talked about Australia being a singles market. I just wanted to make sure that you realize that the contract itself is not a big bullet single. It’s a contract over a whole set of singles that they accept one day after the other – after the other I think. So it is a book of business that has singles and something throughout the turn, not a big bullet single upfront.
Mark Lyons: Think of that more as an offset in the income statement. You got prior period development, in rough numbers is $10 million or $11 million, I think in totality. So it was $10 million or $11 million on a realized loss, is how it goes through – and then you’ve got the standard prior period development. So it has to be coming from the same sources, kind of like a profit commission sometimes does, with a loss ratio increase that might decrease the profit commission. Similarly here, you got the subject years of what we purchased. So it was continually lower delinquency rates and claim rates associated with those that dictates and indicates the reduction, because on the CMG transaction, we bought – with a provision, there was a stock purchase. So we initially paid 80% of book with an earn-out mechanism. And depending upon the actual performance, which is exactly what this is indicative of, we could pay out more up to 150% of the closing book value. We hit that nominally in our present value, but nominally this quarter, but it is directly related. So I’d say, it continues to have good performance as mostly shown through improved loss reserve development. You get an increase in the contingent consideration.
Mark Lyons: And as Dinos alluded throughout the – it is the combination of things. We never have a bright line as you know on that. It’s more of guidance. And for most of the quarter, we traded, I’d say, little south of 1.4 to book value. So it’s kind of a little clear than that given the combination of things.
Mark Lyons: Josh, it’s been a continual march downward on the delinquency rates. And the associated claim rates as that come out of that. But remember this is really 2011 and prior. So there is vintage seasoning associated with this. So it’s not like the PC and it is really – you have to think of it as more of a report year view of the triangle.
Mark Lyons: And remember Josh, we kind of alluded to it, I think of the prepared remarks that part of the original transaction was a quarter share on 2009 through 2011, I’ll call it back book. And so that is also experiencing some of the same aspects, so that wasn’t CMT, though that was PMI.
Mark Lyons: Yes, and then I’ll just add one more thing. Your premise is that all PC business can be decisions on an annual basis. As the market softens, you get an increased proportion of multiyear contracts, and this is an industry statement. And this is a differentiator between carriers. It’s a difference between having multi-years with legitimate re-underwriting abilities versus one where you’re locked in. And that’s becoming increasingly common and as that grows in proportion. It’s not as quite of a stark difference as you think.
Mark Lyons: You’ve got to think of it as – it report here closer to a claims made view of business then in the current view. Accident year and claims made business really is report year and this is really the same thing.
Mark Lyons: It’s really – there is more mixture going on here than you think, Marc and Dinos talked before about the glide path difference on some of the old reinsurance contracts that are now running out. The insurance accounting treatment on a lot of the GSEs have a different loss expectation than does some of the primary U.S., so I hate to say it, but it does come down to a lot of mixture.
Mark Lyons: You will as I commented, because the financial statements reflect more of the present value of it. So it increased over time like any interest unwinding.
Mark Lyons: Especially now if we capped out nominally, we’ll accrete towards the payment date. Plus we are required through GAAP accounting to – as it becomes more certain we have to drop the discount rate used in that present value cap. You get both forces causing additional effects in future calendar quarters.
Mark Lyons: Yes. It’s Sempra Energy. It’s out of our Bermuda operation, where when you have a claim down there given the towers and the attachments and where we play, they are Wall Street Journal front page events. This was a gas leak explosion. The estimate is $660 million industry loss. We are on two layers, the lowest of which is excess of $265 million, and then we are on the – a piece of another layer above it. So we fully reserved it on a net basis, so it can’t move any more than where it is.
Mark Lyons: Ian, I would offer that the perspective varies depending on whether your results were three times your cat load versus inside your cat load.
Mark Lyons: No, I mean, when you take – yes, when you take there was a – we had a marine loss with a vessel that – it does Jubilee loss. So, we take that large attritional. That was pushing 300 bps I believe. So and there is a couple of other noise, but that really accounts for it.
