Marc Grandisson: I think the high level of 2018, sort of long-term expected return on MI was roughly in the mid teens. So we're not going back to that level, which is really a good place for us to be. On the insurance, I think that we had a bit of a decrease in expected returns, even though the combined ratio did not, get that much better for the industry. But right now, if you factor in all the rate changes and everything, we think we're in the double-digit in insurance return. And we think that reinsurance is a little bit in between those two. So we have a really, really different, risk adjusted return profile in our portfolio that has improved and largerly as a result of the price increase, not as a result of the investment return as you know Elyse.
Marc Grandisson: We expect it to be the case, Elyse, because of all the factors I mentioned, the social inflation, there's a lot of uncertainty in terms of loss ratio picks, for years, specifically 2015, through '19, as we all know. It sort of makes for correcting some of the ongoing pricing so that's definitely sustainable, we do not have as much, protection from the investment returns so that puts a lot of pressure on the returns for the industry. And uncertainty and lack of people coverage and we also had a fair amount of cat losses in the last three or four years. So, there's a lot going on, a lot more risk out there. So I think, overall, collectively as an industry, we all collectively think and know and believe that we need to get better rate and better pricing, because the risk is not being rewarded accordingly. As in every hardening market, what the length is like, how long is the piece of string, but I think that our hardening market does not only last four or five quarters, I think as you have this initial stages of the initial reaction of rate increases, then you get momentum building in the underwriters mentality, the brokers are sort of accepting as being sort of a new way to deal and do the business. And eventually that builds upon itself, I would fully expect to be lasting to 2021 and into 2022. This is what we believe at this point in time.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I mean, no question that we've written a lot more property premium in the last, I want to say four to six quarters we've really ramped up our property exposures. I mean, there's a lot of -- in different areas, as you know, different lines of business, U.S. International, et cetera. Yes, so the cat load, I think on a quarterly basis has definitely gone up from what we were -- in the old days, thinking about, like, 40 million a quarter. It's still evolving, but I'd say it's probably more than $60 million to $70 million range right now.
Marc Grandisson: No, Mike. Talking about combined ratio, capital is a different story, because it's a bit of a lagging indicator based on the delinquencies we have. But if you look at the combined ratio, yes, we think that we're tending to go towards more -- so the run rate that we had in 2018, we're just caveat that there was some prior development -- favorable development in 2018. So that will probably adjust for that. But certainly the long-term range of 35 to 45 is not something that is out of the realm of no real possibility if you look at 2018. And I think, depending on what, how the economy recovers that could be in the lower end of that and it's a couple things still develop in a different direction, it might be a bit on the higher side, but you're right, it should be getting closer to where we were in 2018, in terms of combined ratio.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think this is more structural, I would say, Mike, because right now, you have to factor in the fact that our platform grew both sides, both in the sense of growing the top-line for organic lines of business. And we also had the acquisition in London and really pushed to be much more relevant, much more bigger in London. So our international operations also gained scale. So if you now look at the overall structure or the way the company is laid out in terms of top-line and the way the expenses is constructed between the unit, I think it's much more of a structural change. I would say that it's probably 50:50. But the growth is certainly something that's really important in terms of helping that grow. So that could also get, presumably a bit better over time. But I would also tell you that the growth in our operating expense on the insurance side has lagged the growth in our top-line, which is what we should expect because a lot of the increase if not more work, even though we are writing more business, a lot of the increase in premium is just rate in and of itself. So I think that the company is flexing itself in terms of top-line growth and expense, deployment very, very nicely so a bit more structural than I would have told you probably two years ago.
Marc Grandisson: I wouldn't say it shifts in any major way. I think we see all three segments with very good opportunities in front of them. And maybe, we'd argue somewhere overdue, especially on the P&C side. So we're bullish there. Mortgage has always been and basketball, 7.6 guy down low and ready for dunks and that hasn't really changed in our view. So yeah, I mean, we got certainly have more visibility into what the ultimate or what the current market conditions are -- especially in mortgage, given what we -- the second half of the year how things progress. And that's good. I mean, that's something that we take -- I think it works in our favor. So, but in a big picture, we don't see major changes in how we deploy capital. And Yaron, one thing I wouldn't mention to you that it's always -- it's hard for people not to see us being in Bermuda as being a property cat writer on the reinsurance side, but I would argue that, yes, on property cat side is not as good and you've heard it from other people. And we certainly agree with that. But we're still growing in areas that are non-property cat right exposed. So we're seeing a lot of other lines to be honest, between United are actually better now or the prospects for '21 better than they were in 2020. We're not growing necessarily in the one that get a better headline, if you will, from your perspective, but by and large, I think that our prospects is very, very good on the reinsurance side, very much so.
Marc Grandisson: We never would say that we're overly conservative. We want to be prudent and conservative for sure in how we set reserves. I'd say starting again with international which maybe has gotten a bit more a headlight -- made the headlines a bit more. Our position hasn't changed in the U.K., again, the book we have as a small regional book. We're well protected by reinsurance protection. So we feel that the reserves we have there, even after the call it slightly adverse rulings from the courts in the U.K. are going to affect our bottom-line, so no changes from our point of view there. And in the U.S., for the most part, as you said, all the rulings have kind of been in favor of the industry, a couple of places where there is maybe some that didn't go as expected, but on those items, our view is that the policies that were being challenged were manuscript policy. So not the standard ISO form that we typically use without necessarily the strong wording around virus exclusions and property damage, the trigger coverage. So on both those fronts, we get, as we said, before, vast majority of our policies well north of 90%, across the book that has these -- both of these call it protections. So we're very confident that our results -- our reserves at this point won't develop adversely and we will keep looking at it but we're in a good spot.
Marc Grandisson: Two-thirds, went down a little bit. So roughly from 75 to 67, roughly and it hasn't changed much. And some of that is around as you can expect mostly on the reinsurance side, right, a lot of our reserves are still on the reinsurance side with significant IBNR and ACRS on that book.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, certainly more visibility. I think that we said that from the start, at the end of the first quarter of last year, we said, listen, we're going to take a little bit of a pause, because we need to know where things are going to play out and mortgage being a major driver in that performance. You've seen the results. So we were a lot more confident where the economy is going, vaccines are rolling out. So there's a lot of things that yes, we'll take some time. But, as we look forward, I think that gives us a lot more comfort that the worst is behind us and that gives us a more clarity on how do we deploy capital, we're still in an online world, we are fully capable of doing both, we want to grow the book and also buy back shares. There's no reason why they have to be exclusive. We think our growth is still very strong, we expect to keep growing in '21 and across the book. But we also see a good opportunity at the current level, pricing levels for the stock to buy back at this point.
Marc Grandisson: So before we get to the next one, I think I have to stop the broadcast, I think I believe we have a breaking news just hit the wire. So I think we have to go to François for some commentary that he wants to share with us.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, François for the update. And Liz, if we can go back to Mr. Dunn who is waiting in line I believe.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much, everyone. Have a nice several months ahead. We're heading for the first quarter returns. It is an exciting time to be at Arch and we're very pleased that you are there with us to enjoy. Thank you.
A - Marc Grandisson: So 9.4% for the new annuities in the quarter and the average reserve for the Q was a little bit over 5000, pretty much in line with the third quarter, Geoff, because the risk that came in were a little bit less coverage in this quarter. So that would explain the average thing a bit lower, or bit more in line.
A - Marc Grandisson: Yes. I don't think we did not -- the way we reserve it, we sort of tried to make an overall all encompassing assessment and put that in that number. So I think that's what you might have said, might have thought in the past, our number could have been a bit higher. So we think that we have enough in the reserving in totality, based on the number of factors we've used.
A - Marc Grandisson: Yes, Geoff, we might, but we'll have to evaluate when we get there. I think you're right. I mean, so you have to till February 28, to actually ask for this -- be under the forbearance program. So we'll see how that develops. We have a surge in a couple of weeks of people asking for forbearance that might help. Again, more, we'll have to readjust Geoff, as we see the end of the quarter, we'll have another month of non-forbearance, effective new, not new forbearance. So we'll have to reevaluate when we get there.
A - Marc Grandisson: Yes. The first one, I'd say, a) was a -- I call it an accounting catch up or true up on our Australian business, how we on the written side. So that I'd say that's more of a one-off kind of blip that we had to adjust for, or was actually was present last quarter and more than this quarter. So that's how that explains that movement. On the acquisition, there's -- we entered into a quota share agreement, starting last, at the middle of the year, covering our U.S. MI book and that actually gives us, a benefit in terms of the acquisition, it's a reduction towards the acquisition during the seeding commission. So that is what is starting to flow through in our numbers.
A - Marc Grandisson: Yes. The numbers we report to you are that are in forbearance and who have skipped two payments at least. So we have a few more, as you could appreciate, that are in forbearance and are still current. The data is coming in very, very haphazardly. So it's very -- I wish that we are constantly asking and prodding for that kind of information. I think that most of the forbearance that are still there are lower in the year, most of the forbearance that were declared early in April, May June, the vast majority of them have cured by now. So it seems to be the pattern of getting to forbearance and sort of thing in there for four, five months, and then eventually things get back to normalcy. So that's what we would expect it to be the case going forward.
A - Marc Grandisson: So from your lips to God's ear, I hope you're right, that it's going to be redundant, we'll see, only time will tell for us. I think the way we look at reserve, Phil is very simple, it's just -- we have to wait to get the data that we feel confident that we're going to get there. And as you know, you've seen us do the reserving on MI and P&C for a long time. You tell me when a forbearance program is done, and when the unemployment rate goes down to three or four and the economy picks up again, then I'll have a better sense for what it is. So we hope -- having said all this, I hope that by the summer after the vaccines have been rolled out that we'll have much, much better visibility as to what, if any, the reserve needs to be released or is not necessary to pick links.
A - Marc Grandisson: I think the growth in 2021 should be more in line at least, what we have seen last year. I think the opportunities on the reinsurance side -- I think the reinsurance opportunities are still very, very solid, very strong. They're not necessary as I mentioned earlier, in a traditional property cat arena, but we're definitely looking at a lot of transactions and a lot of them will have to do with what you would expect a reinsurance company to be providing, which is capital, as we get into harder market, a lot of people -- some of our clients are looking for capital at least looking for validation of their plan going forward and want to make sure that they -- they reunderwrite and repurpose their book of business that we're there to help them. And we're able in that case to help them get through that transition period. So the opportunity in reinsurance was great last year and I think it's actually very, very good again, as we go this year. One interesting fact for everyone that one of the key leading indicator to us, to me, at least personally, based on my history, as to what is a leading indicator of the treaty reinsurance conditions are, the facultative industry is still really, really strong. And you typically have a hard market or hardening market for as long as the fact market goes, you'll have a treaty market, no staying strong, well beyond that a year to two years beyond that. So we expect that to be yet again, a strong leading indicator and we are facultative team is telling us that it's a really good market for them at this point in time, which is encouraging.
A - Marc Grandisson: Yes. I will tell you Meyer is my experience, we did a lot of property cat writing in 01 in 02 and if you remember, at Arch, we were not heavily focused on property cat XL at the time, we were more on the liability side and the market was going down in 04 and well in 05. And we thought we had seen the last of the hard market for a little while and Katrina Rita and Wilma happened it change the whole thing. So my answer to you is, I don't know. I don't know is the short answer. I think that there's clearly a lot of capital that, again, found its way over the last four or five years. And once capital found its way to a niche, it gets sticky, it wants to stay there for a while and we will sort of justify itself for a while longer, perhaps than it should. But I think we're always hopefully it doesn't happen but we could be one major event away from changing the perception of risk in that area. And that I think will mean actually probably a much harder market you would expect Meyer because the volatility and the knee jerk reaction would be like an elastic like when this happens. I think you'll have a -- you may have a massive excessive capital out of the door. And that might create more opportunities for us. I'm not saying it will happen Meyer but I could see a scenario where your premise does not actually hold true. So there's always a chance.
A - Marc Grandisson: Dislocation is, you're right, there's some realignment, there is a couple of people, going back to the market, this is truly happening. But it's not across the board. And there are still, we believe bad news that needs to come find their way through the system. And that might make somewhat of a difference as we go forward. But again, if you had a 20% rate increase on one transaction on the insurance side this year and you had, this is on top of a 10% last year, if you get rate on, rate on rate perhaps three times it's not a bad place to be and plus, I think what we hear Meyer for what it's worth, and it's actually not insignificant, we're hearing terms and conditions funny changing and moving in the right direction. So rates will move first and terms and conditions sort of follow right behind them, we're hearing that this is what's happening in marketplace. So even though we may not have a headline, going as high in terms of reaching it as much as it was over last two, three years. I think underlying conditions in their policies, could actually help improve it way beyond the number that we see on -- as the headline number.
A - Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think that rule of thumb is still in place. I mean, obviously, it's not a black and white. I mean, there's always factors we consider around deploying, whether there's business opportunities and et cetera. But, yes, we still think in those terms of the buyback, the premium we bake and we want to earn it back over -- no more than three years. And you're right, I mean, I think the fact that the stock price is not as, is below that level, suggest that maybe we'll be up there buying more stock as we go through the year. Well, we'll assess, obviously, as we every day, every quarter, we will look at what's in front of us but for the time being, I think we're certainly something we're considering and we probably will do more of.
A - Marc Grandisson: And Brian, both of these acquisitions, as you mentioned will actually be accretive and grow book value for us. So they're capital positive for us.
A - François Morin: No, because we I mean, we raised a billion dollars of capital as you know last summer, we didn't deploy fully until, there was all part of that kind of on1/1 looking ahead as to what the 1/1 we were doing all these transactions, we're on the horizon. And we have a lot of faith in our ability to generate earnings moving forward on our own, I mean, self-funding the growth. I think is something that is part of the plan. And we don't really have, a whole lot of constraints other than that.
A - François Morin: It's been about what, 20 minutes that we announced this, so you're going to have to give me a couple of more quarters.
A - François Morin: No. We have it but listen we got -- we have to think it through, we are going to have a directors on there to -- are going to be working very closely hand in hand with Coface and we're very excited as you know, Brian. I think there's more than meets the eye in this one. I think strategically, it's going to be a very, very valuable thing for us, way beyond just know the initial investment. I think it's a formidable, established company across so many countries with so many client contacts where we're really excited about that.
