Marc Grandisson: Well, as in – hi, Josh. As in every market, I think that when there's a – sort of a shift in capacity some incumbents who have been providing continuity of coverage actually take a pause and they look around and say, well, maybe we don't want to do that risk or do that risk at very different terms and conditions. And we did not move away from all the markets. Actually, we're still very much present.I think that our growth or would I say, we weren't as involved in the market for the last three or four years. I think you have to look at our trend rate of growth, which was less than what you would have expected the market to grow. So we tend to be below the long-term average. I think right now you see us be above the long-term average. And brokers, I like everything else, when they need capacity, they have to look for capacity for good quality outfits.And we actually are growing in areas where we already are present. There's some risk that we did not see before, did not have a chance to quote or participate on or frankly, we found the price to be inadequate for our liking, and now they're coming back to us and say, well, what about that risk, Mr. Arch? You didn't write it before and that's what happens.So the relationship is not solely client insured by insurer, it has to do – as you know, we're a broker market company, so the relationship is through the broker channels across multiple lines of business. A company that writes over $3 billion a year premium is not a maverick or – I'm not sure what word you use, but we're not a mercenary company.
Marc Grandisson: So the first thing that Nicolas is bringing to the insurance group is this little bit more proaction in terms of when the market transitions or shifts. And that's something that you could feel and experience when you talk to our underwriting team. That's number one. Number two is, gross have different tools and than we had available to ourselves, say 10 years. Predictive analytics isn't – comes to mind. This is really something that is relatively new when we see the benefits of it on a daily basis.And Arch are embarked as you know Josh on the across-the-board project to get everybody to predictive analytics. And that speaks to the segmentation and underwriting selection that we've talked about. In addition, you see this through some of the numbers. On the IT we do have healthy amount of investment. We took a guy from our MI group, which was superb and best-of-breed in terms of IT development, and we sort of brought that there as well. So it's a combination of culture and really giving more tools and having access to more tools. So I'm not sure that it's really people specific.
Marc Grandisson: Like I said on earlier calls, I'd like. This to be yesterday, but I think we have to go through it in steps. I think that, Josh, I'm very encouraged by the development and the improvements that we've made in insurance. And certainly, the tailwind we have in the market is going a long way to get there quicker.
Marc Grandisson: It hasn't changed a whole lot. We actually are going through a very deep dive in loss trend. I do think that we still have uncertainty around this. We have very recent years, a different kind of economy, last three or four years. It's going to take us – take a while for us to finally determine what the trend is. I would just only tell you that it's not an exact science. So we try to look at discernible pattern. I think you've heard on other calls that there is a recognition that there is something afoot on the severity side of things, more specifically.And the frequency remains to be seen, if that is going to compound for the pre-opinion. But for now the severity is definitely picking up. So that's what has taken us –we still are very, very careful. So when I talk about the 3.5% lease, it's made up of a range, right, from minus one in certain lines of business to plus 12%, 13%.So those who are clearing plus 10%, plus 15% obviously are clearing anything above what could be in terms of range of expectations on the loss trend, right? If you think the loss trend is an expectation between 2% to 4%, even at the higher end, if you clear 10% rate increase and if it's a second year of 10% increase, it gives you that much more comfort. That's how we think about it.
Marc Grandisson: So, yes, on E&S side I think it's sort of – if you look in terms of steps, a lot of things were written in Lloyd's and other admitted market. A lot of business is thrown back into the U.S. E&S market, which we're a participant of as you know. And so it's coming to us. It's coming to other E&S carriers around the country. We're not solely benefiting from this. But clearly, the rate coming in were as expiring, they were lower than what we would've liked to have, otherwise we would've written those deals.And it's mostly property, I would say at this point in time, because of the – certainly not helped by the recent cat losses. So if you look at it from the sum total position, clearly E&S is getting traction, it's coming back to us. We're looking at it and we're able – as I said in my remarks, some of them are getting substantial rate increases and they need to, but they need to get those rate increases to get to the level of returns that we are seeking.So – and we think that this is – specifically in the property side, our team is seeing some legs to it. They're really seeing an increased amount of – in the number of submissions. And we see some legs through it for the next couple of quarters, which is encouraging, which is the first time I could really say that to you.
Marc Grandisson: Well, it could definitely impact not only ours but the overall MI segment, right about a 30% share of the GSE Patch is a big deal. I think we're communicating with them. We're talking to the GSEs and CFPB and trying to give them our comments and our view on this.At a high level, it could go multiple ways, but the best ways for us would be and this is something what we would advocate is that that business could also find its way onto the private market, right. I mean there's clearly a path for this to be more on a private placement as well.Going the way of the FHA, I mean it's certainly something that they can decide to do, but that would be sort of assured that they have to do politically. I think at this point in time at least, it's too early. We definitely are involved in this. The encouraging words from the CFPB were that trying to leveling the playing field across all participants, which means the GSEs and the private capital markets, this is how we want to and wish to interpret this.So we'll be in touch with them and we are hopeful that there will be a transition or there will be some very thoughtful and deliberate way to resolve that. So we're not overly excited at this point in time, but we certainly are looking it intently.
Marc Grandisson: Okay. So let me take the Brexit question. We already – as is everybody else in the industry, we have repositioned our European operation into Dublin. So this is where we are currently doing non-UK business as of the end of March, I believe is the timeframe. And we also have through Lloyd's, our Brussels – and Brussels is the establishment for Lloyd's within the EU. So we're also a participant in that marketplace.And we carry on with the UK business. And actually we are – to answer your last question, we're very keen on developing more of the retail, and we did the acquisition last year – end of last year of the Ardonagh Retail Network so that's actually going very, very well. So it creates some barriers to entry for possibly other participants, but I think everybody has been pretty good, including ourselves in establish – setting ourselves up for being able to write the business whatever happens, whether it's hard Brexit or negotiated Brexit.So we are already well ahead of whatever could happen, so little bit more expensive because you tend to have a bit less, right, concentration of back-office and then underwriting support, but by and large it's not a – hopefully that will presumably find its way through pricing anyway. And so we're very relaxed with Brexit.
Marc Grandisson: I'm going to look at these numbers now. I don't have them handy. But what I could tell you is 6% of our book is prior to 2009. 94% is post 2008. So most of our growth will come from those years. And it's pretty much coming from the 2015, 2017, Geoff. So it's not really signaled different than anybody else around. I think these years have some seasoning and sort of finding a two, three years' mark right where they tend to get to default, so…
Marc Grandisson: One last thing I'd add, Geoff, that this is all expected. There is nothing really to read more into it than just a natural phenomenon of growing the book of business, the insurance in force, and over time, the seasoning. Even the most recent year, we all tend to get some NODs. But as we remind ourselves, as you know, Geoff, these NODs, the ultimate claim rate on those is much smaller than anything we had seen for pre 2008, right. We're still below 10% ultimate claim rate.
Francois Morin: Well, I mean couple of things. One is, as you know we've been trying to get protection on the whole book. So yes, no question that 2016 was the only year that had not – did not had coverage on it. And the timing of it is really – I'd say a big reason is the fact that it's a seasoned book. I mean if you – we saw it last year when we placed the 2018-2 issuance, where that was covering the 2013 to 15 years.Once the book is seasoned a little bit, I mean investors have a lot more visibility in the performance and the spreads just are that much tighter. So we saw the exact same kind of behavior for this recent issuance and just wanted to wait until the book was seasoned enough until we went to the market with it.
Francois Morin: So all I'll add is this was the first quarter really where we saw more than half of the delinquencies are from 2009 and subsequent. So up until recently it was obviously trending up, but now it's really above 50%.
Francois Morin: Well, I think it's something that we've identified, no question. We had some issues within the performance of that book. We've made some corrections along the way. We've shrunk to our volume, we've reunderwritten the book to some extent. Right now we think the reserve development is contained so we don't expect a whole lot of – I think we're in a good spot and don't think there will be more to come in a material way. But it's certainly a book that we know has underperformed and we've corrected it to some extent and we're keeping an eye on it.
Francois Morin: Yes, I think there's a – we've seen – I think the quality of the operator we'd like to think has maybe a bit more – people put more value on that. So we have a good track record in underwriting on the property side. And I think there's more capital that's looking to find a home with a solid underwriting team and that's what we think we've demonstrated over time, and I'd like to think we can keep doing it.
