Marc Grandisson: Thank you for the question, Mike. I think first and foremost we do not look at market share as an operating principle. We are just looking at the opportunities as we see them in the marketplace. So what I can tell you is what we saw in the second quarter, which generated those - that production. But I think that the pricing situation in the industry was different as we have gone to the second quarter, and it's changed since then, and it's a lot more stable. So whatever opportunities we have to do what we did in the second quarter may not - keeping being there for the remainder for the year. So it's a really hard question to answer, because I don't know the answer to that.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. A large part of our wins was through the RateStar, its ability to more finally price for the risk, and the ability we have to shape the portfolio the way we would want. As I mentioned, we did that more monthly. So it's clearly an advantage, and we think the advantage could probably sustain itself going forward, specifically in light of the loan originators, margin being squeezed. So it represents most likely an ongoing advantage. But their advantage is that we - RateStar has been there for a long time. So yes, we do believe it provides us some advantage.
Marc Grandisson: Okay. So we are under an NDA, we cannot really talk about the various parameters, but being at 134% and if we tell you that we think we are comfortable, that sort of gives us a rough idea to where we think it's going to land. That's a good change. They will lay their final determination between now and I believe the end of the third quarter, which will be implemented in 2019. And those comments, Mike, I would tell you have been echoed by our competitors as well. And I think it speaks to the health of the results and the returns, and the profit that have been generated by the platforms in the MI industry.
Marc Grandisson: I would add to what Francois just said is in the earlier years, it was more we included in the casualty segment, general liability and professional lines. In the early years, we wrote a lot more GL in proportion than we've written recently, so I would think that the more recent releases would come from professional lines in all treaties that we've done and early years still giving us some release from the casualty, the traditional GL portfolio that we wrote as far back as 12 to 15 years from now. We are, obviously we have deemphasized that line of business very heavily over the last 10 years.
Marc Grandisson: I think that, we see our earnings coming through right and the one thing I will tell you, I don't want to tell so much because of couple of things moving in production the way flow through the portfolio, the Bellemeade transaction that we've put together and we're putting together in program average basis. The roll off of the capital from that we are experiencing and benefiting from predevelopment, the claims that are actually rolling off even in Francois mentioned in the curing and delinquency and frankly Josh they all pointing in the right direction which is we are and that party help to inform, it will help us inform our view about how good and how much of fundamentals, how good the fundamentals are in the business. And I think that we have, we made decision in the past we certainly have committed to embark on that Bellemeade transaction, they're very, very good for us in protecting the downside, they're allowing us to deploy capital in future periods and hopefully we get more excess capital as a result. But we are not running out of ideas in the MI segment, so if anything we're very happy with our production and happy where we are and the effort is to keep on being the same as we see now, we're going to keep on deploying capital there.
Marc Grandisson: So from our perspective, our belief is that we didn't change right if the our view of pricing and risk, appreciation of those risk is probably because the rest of it competition probably put some more extra layers on this enough probably mean that we won a little bit more in that segment, so we increased our share but Jeff as we are still on the way versus the rest of the marketplace and as well I mean to tell you that the production of LTV above 95 grown in the industry, so we're also are on the receiving of this and it's hitting one as a production increase and that segment is probably more and more ability to charge a price to take on the risk.
Marc Grandisson: We're certainly working heavily towards that Bob I mean I think you know us we're trying to work towards that, I think we've always worked towards that level. I think that we're probably not I just want to put a little caveat what you said and I think we're cautiously optimistic as to what we've seen terms of margins improving and I think that it will take us some time, we have some improvement I think some of it in their loss ratio but that's from some mention some of it due to mix. In terms of return receipt from improving our returns but we're not declaring for victory yet with global take as a while to really see the results coming through but suffice it to say that there's been an active shift between the businesses that have been going on and it's not of late, so what you see right now on insurance as Bob it is really the sum total of things you've done over the last year and half to two years not up with being right now in allocation to higher return lines of business and we're hopeful that this is the level that will continue and even improve in the future but the future only the future will help us, what happens.
Marc Grandisson: Well, we actually new money rates on the corporate actually exceeded 3% in the last few weeks, so that's good news that's that will help investment income going forward but we're right about like 3.1% in the last 20 days or so.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, okay so it's a bit of both. That whatever we use in our last run is informed by the data obviously in our future expectations. The Delta I think significant is a 150 or 125 but Meyer it's been only that margin has only been is a quarter or two with fact hasn't been a consistent no pickup in trend or in rate over the last trend, that we would expect to really start growing book of business. And so it's a very it's an art more than science at this point I'm specifically for the more recent accent year, takes a really long time to have a clear view of what's happening and frankly we will know until five or 10 years from now and what we're looking for more is margin of safety between the last trend and the rate change. And this clearly is not we don't believe it's deficient enough at this point in time in most lines of business in someone like property were really getting way about trend and that helps inform our position in allocating capital and getting a more known better assurance that ROE expectations is going to be there and we're able to meet it.
Marc Grandisson: But we're seeing frequency not increasing dramatically but we're not seeing decreasingly and the problem with frequency Meyer that you're an, that as well as I do is that the frequency to look back estimate takes a long time for the true losses to emerge, so we have seen some rate frequency decreases. I would be of the mind and most of us are to be of the mind that some of it is due to looking back at to a lower economic environment, lower activity over the last 10 years and carrying on doing a projection in the future. I'm reminded that the workers' comp years in 93, 94, 95 when things were being extracted frequency going down very heavily and there was just a matter of time before top picking up again and another line of business of more recent experiences is auto liability, it was looking pretty good in frequency and a frequency shut up over an 18 months to 24 month period, so I'm worried about the small sense of security of ongoing frequency be decreased especially in light of an economy that has a lot of friction, a lot of pickup in it and lot of steam in it.
Marc Grandisson: So rate, yes, we believe rate is an excess of trend. There's also the rate on our ENS portfolio which is more to ENS portfolio player it's not the global property side over the small commercial that we see some of that in certain areas but buying large the ones that have ENS in nature including the London business. We're seeing rate increases because of dislocation in the marketplace, some players have been to hurdle that been some question as to where the viable book of business, so the opportunities to slide in and able to seek opportunity. On the reasons because I want to mention on this world-wide it doesn't matter there are also opportunities that arise because of some placements not being finalized and we're able to pick and choose some faculty replacement that are to just complete the quilt of coverage that no larger risk would have to do to play, so there's a little bit of a shrinking of capacity in the space specifically on the ENS have property it's an 8% trend, 8% to 9% rate increase but it is one long area where we have, we think some terms and conditions getting better, actually working towards as the nation's carriers and as I say in my notes. We like to see rate increases going up one way in terms of conditions following soon meaning giving us an extra kick up and we believe this is what's going on in the property although it's not widespread, we have to pick and bought but it's certainly what we've seen in the business that we write.
Marc Grandisson: Correct. So it's we're really identified it as an area of opportunity but I will take years to develop and the initial things that we've done and we're doing currently right now is there's a little more integration going on for some things such as IT for instance that we think we need to do and then can be done even though we have no multiple platform. So it's a couple of things, integrating services, leveraging some of the overseas employees that we have that are in lower cost jurisdiction and there are some initiatives that we are talking that will be we will be working on going forward to try and decrease it. But I will tell you what happens when they happen and we are give it to - give us ourselves some time to get there.
Marc Grandisson: I mean it's not a big difference. The 21% the tax rate, we get a 50% quarter share on the mortgage book so that brings it down to 10.5 right there. There is - we can do it offline. There is a couple of other things that I think one offs that can move it in different directions. So it's really hard to kind of give you a lot more clarity over this range at this point.
Marc Grandisson: It's different. It's one off. It's a one class of business that we unfortunate - well, I mean one major event that came in for the quarter. We don't see any trend in it. It's really - I mean yes, it's coincidence that is it's happening in the exact same quarter or 12 months later, but other than that, again that we have been very happy with our performance of that book over the years. No question that we are going to look into it some more as we move forward. And does that force us to re-evaluate some underwriting decisions? But at this point, we don't see anything that's really problematic.
Marc Grandisson: Last year has been a worse than average. I am not - I am not comfortable giving you what we think long term pricing and then returns are that we want to keep it proprietary, but it's shown a very healthy, very profitable book of business. But last year, yes, for - in the 11 years it's been running business for us we are together. It is the one year that sticks out. Everything has been actually below the than long term expected when all years except for that one last year.
Marc Grandisson: I won't describe the market as being soft. I would tell you though that the types of risks that find their way to the MI purchase market have a little bit of credit you know, wider than it was possibly three or four years ago. And it's just the nature of the business and the business that we are in. The rates are increasing. That's refinancing. There is more first time home buyers. And there is house price appreciation. So that tends to be higher LTVs and there are more first time homebuyers. And that's - but it's just the nature of what they are, but I would believe - and I think the market and certainly from our perspective with RateStar we believe the pricing is appropriate for those risks.
Marc Grandisson: Affordability is actually 15% above the long-term trend. So affordability is still decent. It's not all created equally in all cities like San Francisco and other country, but certainly affordability it's still there. The DTI equivalent is about 26. So, it's not that bad.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, guys. Welcome Francois to the call, and we look forward to talking to you after the wind season. Thank you.
François Morin: It's a good question. Thank you for that. I would say we don't have the answer right now. Certainly as you know, we can't sell some intercompany quota share agreements at the start of 2018. We are re-evaluating those on an ongoing basis. Certainly as we get into a 2019 planning exercise, which is underway now, we will have more clarity on that throughout - internally in the third and fourth quarter. So at this point, it's a bit - and we don't know certainly the B tax as you know, goes up from 5% to 10% next year, so that will have potentially some impact, but we have certainly a couple of things we can look at that we will look at a couple of tools in our toolbox that hopefully will, you know, we will try to obviously minimize our tax liability, but we really don't really have a view at this point of what 2019 is going to look like.
François Morin: Yes. Couple of points on that, I don't think it really changes how we think about things. Historically, as we said - we said in the past week, we typically don't buy back stock in the third quarter, although we are not really a big cap player anymore. So that's really not something that worries us as much as it might have as a percent of equity going years back. And we have said it many times, we are always looking at opportunities that comes to us in terms of potential small transactions and that's a factor in how we look at share repurchases and buybacks. And there is couple of things we are working on right now. So we don't really have a definitive view on how the rest of the year is going to look for share repurchases, but to answer your main question, I think is that I don't think it really changes our view even in light of the slightly higher share price that we are currently experiencing.
François Morin: Yes, thanks for the question. Let me start and sort of Marc will chime in. The way we certainly look at in totality, so the geography of loss ratio versus expense ratio, we look at it but it's not the primary factor we look at, we look at the totality of the combined ratio, if we focus on the Insurance segment certainly in the quarter, we grew into some areas that have are expected while we will have little loss ratios at the expense of a higher acquisition expense ratio. So there's a bit of a trade-off here we're seeing a lower loss ratio against and counted it out as higher expense ratio and it's a similar story in the reinsurance although re-insureds is a bit more opportunistic, we have fluctuation from one quarter to the next on what kind of deals we write, what actually ends up coming to financials but certainly in the few instances, we have some agreements and share agreements where there's a sliding scale commission where you wills see that the loss ratio is a bit lower or if it's high mean vice versa but it's lower we will have the higher slightly higher expense ratio. So it's a similar story that we look at it in totality and there is going to be movement between the components, correct.
François Morin: The one thing I will add to that just as a counter to excess capital is actually persistency is actually trending up and with higher interest rates as you know, we would expect it would have a bigger book, the book sticking longer on the balance sheet which doesn't require the capital. So it's hard for us to know when to say exactly how much excess capital we're producing on a quarterly basis certainly something we look at, I want to say after the fact not before the quarter starts but that's certainly an important part that we have to be aware of as it is we think the book will stick around for a bit longer and that that just triggers capital requirements that we need to be aware of.
François Morin: Well some of it's the price, I mean some of it is the closed window, so certainly bought back some stock in the quarter. From June 15, we have to implement 10-b5 plan, we set some guidelines in place, we passed them on to the broker and we have to just watch on the sidelines and see what they were going to execute on that, so we gave them the authorization, they filled that, they worked with the parameters of the 10b-5 plan but I don't think, I know it's black and white line on when we stop and when we keep going and the other thing you got to remember is we also wanted to reduce our leverage. So we paid down $250 million of the revolving credit facility which is one of our objectives as well, we want to bring down the leverage, we want to regain the flexibility we had before the UGC acquisition and so those are really two things that go hand in hand that we want to manage through and we think we're on the right path.
François Morin: It's something we look at, no question that we did declare ordinary dividends in the first half of the year which helped us again to reduce the leverage, pay down the revolving credit facility. We are also, there is restrictions as you know with the state regulators that there's only so much we can dividend out, so if and when we get to a place where we have to, we want to extract more capital, we may have to go down the route of extraordinary dividends and or return of capital which as you know will require regulatory approval. So it's certainly part of the equation but and the other thing I'll add to that which is a bit of influx is we're still realigning our legal entities with the merger of UGC and Arch MI, there is a bit of more actions we need to take plate, we need to put through there just to have a bit more optimal capital structure within our U.S. regulated entities in the mortgage space. So it's all being considered, we don't have a hard number at this point but we're actually something we look at quarterly with the local board, the local management team and it's part of the overall capital plan at ACGL.
François Morin: Earlier this year we did and it was approved and something again there's a frequency of interactions you want to have with the regulator, we can't go to them, we got to manage through that but it's certainly something we want to have a fairly systematic way of going in reaching out to them with definitive I want to say views on how the capital requirements what they see as capital requirements. From their own the state regulators versus PMI, there's also differences in how much credit we get for the Bellamy transactions that come into play so there's a lot of factors that, we're working through but you know we don't have a definitive plan of action. I'd say for the remainder of 2018 to go to them at this point.
François Morin: Well, thinking about the gone by. I mean no question that when we started the year, there was a lot of uncertainty after the tax reform, trying to figure out. It was all based on plan. So when we gave you the estimates back in February, it was all related to where we saw the profitability of the units and what local jurisdiction they come from. Six months have gone by and now we have a bit more clarity on the actuals and that's what we are just updating. So I can't pinpoint any one particular thing on why it's come down a couple points let's say. It's really more just the fact that we replaced forecast to plan with actuals.
François Morin: And this is the primary U.S. business, Ian. Just for your benefit some of it in the U.S. segment is also with Bermuda which would have a different tax.
François Morin: Exactly. It's very different in nature. I mean it's a fire loss, but it is different types of risk, different types of characteristics, different coverage - like a very - different occupancy. And that - yes, it's a very lumpy book of business. As you Ian, we are sitting here having Q on Q loss. We could have five quarters with no losses.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. I guess I would have thought - I guess I can turn to my model. It's not your internal model obviously. But I would have thought that the upside in earnings has come more from MI which obviously would be more in the U.S. So I would have thought if anything like the geographic mix would have advised you higher if anything. So I don't know if there were other actions you were taking trying to offset that or…
Ian Gutterman: Okay. I am trying to think about volatility like given this Qs in a row with eight bad quarter, would it be normal to have a quarter like this once every - probably not once every four quarters, once every eight quarters, once every five years? I am trying to get a sense of sort of how unusual the last two Q2 are.
Ian Gutterman: For sure, I was just wondering - yes, margin affordability was impacting credit at all. So, it doesn't sound like…
