Marc Grandisson: I think it's a fair assessment. I think in general you could think of capital allocation on premium from the P&C as a 1:1 that sort of, gives you a range for capital usage but certainly the ability is there. And I would say that is also informed by how you develop it right? Elyse if you -- property care is a different and capital requirements and then other lines of business such as quota share, let's say, on the reinsurance side on liability. So there's a lot -- there's plenty of room for us to grow.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think to add to this Elyse. I would -- just to add to this Elyse, I would say that this is it's a one quarter data point so it will take us we still take a longer-term view and are not fully all reflecting the decrease or the lesser delinquency that we had. We had reported versus what we expected where you get 30% to 40% and then François told you a 20% increase. That tells you sort of a level where we're thoughtful and measured in the way we want to recognize any immediate improvement.
Marc Grandisson: So Mike, I think, the easy question is unemployment matters it is a contributing factor that would precipitate if you will in delinquency and in claims ultimately. The number one, the leading indicators as I said in my notes that will tell you whether there's a heightened increased risk of delinquencies is really the house price in there. So to the extent that the house prices are stable or keep on going up or that there is -- which is another way to say as long as there's reasonable amount of equity in the house, we have found that borrowers do not tend to walk away from their obligation to mortgages. I know. So if you saw the great financial crisis what happened is we had a combination of house price decreases and unemployment so it sort of contributed to the acceleration and a more of an acute delinquency rate that we saw in the great financial crisis which we are not seeing right now. So what we're focusing on -- of course we look at what the government is doing that's going to be helpful. And I think we'll see more of this impact at the end of the forbearance period. But for now the house price index is extremely encouraging to us and really is a leading indicator on the propensity for homeowners to default.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. We've taken a conservative approach and we actually had reserves for it as the end of March. So we have reserved for it appropriately with fairly good level of reinsurance against it so we're pretty much reserved there. If things -- it could presumably could be good news going forward for us there.
Marc Grandisson: So Mike, it's a little bit of everything you mentioned. I would say that the capital needs that are out there that we see in terms of client trying to find solutions and towers of coverage is meaning a place, a new place, a new home. We would need a significant amount of capital to neutralize that impact if you will. So we're seeing actually acceleration even though there are -- there's more capital being raised and new entrants as we speak thinking about coming in. We're not seeing any ebbing of the rate pressure that we see right now. And I think the demand for capital are pretty high. There's a couple of large players that were really providing a lot of capacity acute capacity in very, very high capacity mongers in the industry have pulled out significantly, so that means that there's a lot of other capital that needs to find its way around to support it. So I would say that, we are not seeing -- we hear what's out there, what's happening. We're encouraged by -- we raised some more capital and there's other folks such as ourselves who have access to the business, access to the clients and relationships. We're able to raise capital. It bodes well for the health of those companies. But any new entrants, it will take them a while to get ramped up and I don't think it's impossible. I think it's totally doable, but it's certainly not something that we're losing sleep over.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it is still very attractive. I would even argue on that the production in the second quarter and as we speak is actually better than it was six months or a year ago where the rates that's -- rate pressures and also quality of underwriting quality of the originations is a lot better than it was even a year ago. So yes there is a lot more activity. The activity Yaron to be fair is also driven by the refinancing market which was not there and by -- dropping the mortgage rate below 3% that does create more business back into the market. As a result of that there's a lot of prepay, right? There's a higher level of the lower level of persistency which means that there's more churn, if you will in the portfolio of business. So I think it's just a reflection of people coming out of their current -- they're coming out of their higher mortgage rate and it's just refinancing at a low level which still makes economic sense. Now we're on the receiving end to grow. That's what we have such we believe much higher NIWs than otherwise would have been in a more stable marketplace.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think we -- I think the one place the one thing that we could say I mean it's -- the data is probably lagging a little bit from our perspective. But the good one to look at is the -- there's information back now I think and the MBA is providing information as to what is their estimate surveying the market and their clients as to who -- what's the forbearance percentage. I think it was pretty much plateauing as we got into May -- towards the end of May into June and through the second - first or second week of July and it's gotten down since then. So we're about 6.1% based on that metric in percent of forbearance from the GSE portfolio from the industry data and now it's at 5.49% as of July 13, I believe this last week. So we've seen a decrease right now Josh. Whether it continues that way or goes back up again. As you know a lot of people pay on the first of the month, but we'll probably have more information and a better clear picture as to what August look -- July looks like in the middle of August.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I think, it does. It has had an impact. I think when we talk about cycle management. We also were doing it possibly a little bit more under the radar screen and MI. I think that our RateStar approach with all the parameters actually took us away from a higher than 95 LTV, higher DTIs in certain geographical areas. So yes, we do believe if we adjust for all the variation. I mean, it's not a huge differential, but there is a slight improvement or a slight difference going to our advantage in terms of our delinquencies based on our portfolio and the risk that we underwrote for the last four, five years.
Marc Grandisson: Well, the forbearance that we will declare -- that we will report that we're reporting to you are delinquencies by definition, right? So it's very hard to see I know what you're asking. And I think the one thing that we will tell you about projecting forbearance rates and delinquency rates in this forbearance world is that data is very, very hard to get and it's lagging a fair amount, so very difficult for us to tell you.
Marc Grandisson: I think it's -- there are two moving parts of that 5% Ryan. One is the -- it comes up really as our pre-COVID NODs to ultimate, which was 7.9% and we gave a discount about 33% haircut by virtue of being a forbearance. So as we move forward that 7.9%, which is a claim that's aged three months versus a claim that's aged two years or nine months even though it's a forbearance, we might have to increase those rates. But at the same time if the forbearance programs are getting better we might give a bit more discount or less discount. So it's a really, really -- and you're right you just pointed at the beginning of your comments. I think I should have probably let you answer your own question, which is it's pretty much impossible to answer at this point in time. But right -- and we have -- all we have is a 7.9% pre-COVID ultimate NODs, which was starting point getting some discount, recognizing that the regular forbearance program on hurricanes, which it is not right now -- is as low as 2%. So we're try to find our way around that environment, also recognizing that the delinquencies out of this crisis this COVID-19 will be longer to resolve, because the forbearance program as we all know will last for 12 months. So it's going to be -- it's going to take us a while to really understand the underlying fundamental characteristics of those risks. And to add all this -- to all of this if that wasn't enough, we'll have remediation programs put in place by the GSEs, which presumably should help a tremendous amount. But again, it remains very early to see -- to say.
Marc Grandisson: I mean, to me it's not an all or nothing. But I do believe right now at this point in time, which is I think what you're getting into, which I mentioned in my comments the returns on the reinsurance are quicker to a high level get quicker. But in terms of value creation over the longer time insurance will get there and get traction. It just takes a longer time to accumulate business at a higher level so -- but the problem with the reinsurance it's great for a couple of years but then you might lose that business. So it's not an all or nothing kind of situation. I wouldn't want to go, let's say, all-in in reinsurance even though they have higher ROEs sooner at the cost of losing long-term value creation from the insurance unit.
Marc Grandisson: Not really. I would say that we -- Meyer we may have that discussion before. A hard market never happens overnight. It takes five signal – two, three quarters. Losses have to develop. Management team have to figure out what they want to do and put pressure on their underwriting team. So it's no -- it's not unlike others that we've seen before. I would say that we were going to a strengthening of the market conditions even before COVID-19, I think that COVID is probably accelerating the reaction and the willingness and the boldness that we see in the underwriting teams around the industry. But there are still pockets Meyer where people seem to be a little bit aloof in what's going around. And these are the areas we're not growing as much as we should. But I know every cycle turn is different, but I'm not seeing significant difference. It does take-up -- and well one last thing, I will tell you. The one thing about this one is that, we have yet to see is the 1/1 renewal on reinsurance is a really important renewal date, so we'll have a lot more sense as to how quickly and how reactive the market will be as we head into this one.
Marc Grandisson: I hope it's lower. But all kidding aside Meyer, I think that the 95% was put in place as an aspirational number two, three years ago. Now, two years ago now in an interest environment that was different. So, I think right now what we're processing it through -- this was sort of an aspirational as a guiding sort of target for our insurance group. I think right now what we're seeing is we're going through every different line of business and business units and attributing capital and return on investment and we're pitching everything to get to the right level. So, 95% is an over-simplistic way of looking at this. But all things being equal I think I would expect it to be lower right for the industry and that's also why you'll probably see a bit more pressure on the pricing around us in the industry.
Marc Grandisson: Well, we have written policies that have EPLI exposure, we have GL exposures but we are not a large risk writer. We don't write the large insurers so that's certainly something that would be helpful to us. We would argue that a lot of the larger claims a lot of the focus from the low risk plaintiff bar would be focused on the larger deeper pocket insurer, so that's one thing we have for us. We also have a fairly amount -- a good healthy amount of reinsurance, so we're not overly concerned with the sideways change.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it was originally about a couple of hundred million dollars of premium and now it's down -- I mean you could see the numbers you can multiply by four. I don't need to -- 250 actually for the year. So that's -- it's been -- it's taken a big dent and that also explains why the growth was more tested this quarter than otherwise could have been.
Marc Grandisson: It's a good question Brian. You're trying to get us to say something we don't want to say we can't say and we won't say. We don't mention about we certainly are always on the lookout to raise capital to deploy it with third party a lot of discussions are happening all over. We'll have probably more update as we see it happen and we'll be communicating to you to the extent it's appropriate but how much more it is clearly -- yes.
Marc Grandisson: Coface strategically is still something we really very much think is valuable for the shareholders. There's a lot going on. We're still going through the process of approval process and we're keeping a keen eye on what's happening. I think they reported results yesterday which were better than The Street expected. So, hopefully if that goes. It's also there as well a developing situation with them.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it's a good question. I think it's always something we evaluate when and if we place or look at options that are in front of us. You're correct this one attaches -- the last one attaches above the PMIERs credit, but we're still very much in -- we have a healthy PMIERs ratio so that didn't really concern us too much. At this point not to say that next time or down the road, we may not go back to a lower attachment point. But yes, the focus was really -- yes it's an available source of capital.  From a rating agency point of view, S&P you're correct it covers that. It provides us coverage there. And also we felt as being the first one out of the gate even before the GSEs to go back and access the capital markets was we thought a very strong message demonstrated. Again ,I touched on it the quality the book and the investor base is still very has a lot of interest and appetite for the product, so I think we were happy with the placement. No question it's always too expensive. We'd like to see the price to come down. We hope they do down the road. But for the time being given the economics in front of us we were -- I think it was a good move on our part.
Marc Grandisson: NODs, yes. Right. I think we were at 7.9% pre-COVID. I think that the forbearance should be pretty helpful and to bring it up -- not bring up to the 13%, 14% you just mentioned, I mentioned first quarter. That's probably -- my gut would tell me a slight increase for a little while until we see things shake out and things came back to more normalcy. And I think reverting back to some kind of level. I think the forbearance program were to play out to the way it should play out. It's still very uncertain as you know Geoff. I think that we should get back to -- it might stay elevated for a while maybe 12%, 13% for a little while but it should go back down at some point for next year I would say.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Yes on NODs, right? On new NODs for regular piece not for the forbearance piece? The forbearance piece we gave -- we did give a discount, right? There's a discount to that. So yes then just got it from – right. Congrats, yes.
Marc Grandisson: I mean it's hard to predict the future. As you know -- my God! I think if everything resolves, I mean even if things resolved for the better, I think the momentum that we've seen in the first quarter, late 2019, early 2020 I think we would still see some momentum. I think it would be just a matter of degree how much higher the rates could go. But I do believe the momentum was there for a turnover market way before pre-COVID-19. COVID-19 like I said before exacerbated the need for rate and accelerate the need for rate.
Marc Grandisson: It's a possibility. I mean that's also assuming there's no more cat occurring this year. But this is a long-lasting cat event so it's not as clear as having a quake let's say in March. And I guess in a year out it's still developing but you have a better sense for wanting to or would be willing to release capital. This one will take a bit longer to process through, right? For instance, you could have arguments in courts and new ways and new push back on the insurance industry to pay claims in a property cycle. And that would take -- that could take another 1.5 years or two years to resolve. So, there's a lot more uncertainty in terms of timing finding resolution of the ultimate prices. So, it's a lot less certain that it will take only a year to get through it.
Marc Grandisson: I think we have done reserving in the past, considering all the dimensions you just talked about, I think that we had the -- the beautiful thing about the prior hurricanes or the beautiful thing in a way is that we have prior hurricanes and prior events that we can go back to and look at the experience. This definitely help us put I guess, boundaries around what could happen, but this one is very unusual in the length of the forbearance program and the breadth and how widely spread it is. And I think we also have to throw in there the $600 per week unemployment benefits and the distribution that we talked about. Some regions are more heavily affected than others. So I think everything gets in the mix Jimmy -- Jamie. It's not just one dimension. And I think what we've learned is that, we sort of can use the historical forbearance experience as sort of as a range of possible outcome. But, we actually are digging heavily, heavily into developing a much more refined view of a forbearance-specific programs, such as the one we're facing right now. And we may never use it again, but at least we're in the process of readjusting our development claims model called ARMOR that we have internally. So, we're -- it's still very much developing and we're learning on the fly.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks for joining us this quarter. Please stay safe. Have a nice rest of the summer, and we'll talk to you in the fall again. Thank you.
François Morin: Well we don't really -- we had -- the quarterly movements are a bit harder to predict. But I mean we had forecasted last quarter somewhere around a 10% or so delinquency rate by the end of the year. We think -- right now we're thinking that it will be more like around 8%. So obviously, we're monitoring weekly and we get data that comes in from all our servicers et cetera, but that's kind of where we're at. There's about 8% delinquency rate by the end of the year.
François Morin: Yes. The average is very much a function of the percentage of the delinquencies that are effectively in early stages of delinquency. So if you think of all these newly reported delinquencies in the quarter they carry again effectively a 5-or-so percent claim rate versus the older-stage delinquencies and the percentages go up as the more mature the later-stage mature delinquencies we have. So it's really -- there's no changes in assumptions. I'd say it's really just the way the mix of the portfolio or the mix of the delinquencies that we currently have changes over time. And this was really as you know the first quarter where we had a large surge of delinquencies coming from the pandemic.
François Morin: Well I mean that's a -- I mean a good question which as you know people are -- I think companies are may be answering that, I don't want to say, differently. But I think the words - we have to be careful with how we use the words, right? So I'd say, no question that we can only reserve for incidents or occurrences that have happened before June 30. I mean that's under GAAP. And anybody that tells you they're reserving for occurrences that are going to happen in the third or fourth quarter, I just don't know how you can do that. What we have done is, set again a high level I think a prudent level of IBNR on both insurance and reinsurance on things that we know happened or think have happened right? I mean the whole concept of IBNR. So we have certain claims that have been reported. We don't know. And certainly when you get into structures or when you're in an excess position, you're somewhat making a judgment on whether the claim will attach in your layer etcetera and that's where there's a bit more -- there's a bit of art that goes on and not necessarily tons of data or science around it. So I think the answer to us is, we've reserved for everything through June 30 and we would say there's an ultimate right? So the truly our best estimate of what we think the exposure is and that's where we are. I mean we can't really do more than that at this point given the accounting rules and guidelines.
François Morin: Well I'd say it's a bit of both. I mean I would say on the insurance side for example at Q1 we had reserved primarily in set IBNR primarily in our international book because again back to the in the U.K. in particular property book or regional property book there we were of the opinion that there was exposure there. We took action and we booked IBNR on that. I'd say in the second quarter for example we booked and I mentioned it on national accounts that's where we have workers' comp exposure. Again if you want to be very technical at one point, I mean the deaths or the occurrences hadn't happened at the end of March they started to take place especially with health care workers as an example in April and May. So that's when we -- that's what we reserved for in the second quarter. I'd say on the reinsurance side, it's a bit murkier. It's not -- we're somewhat at the mercy or have to have discussions with our scenes and on the property cat book for example. We had booked a little bit of IBNR at the end of Q1. But through additional discussions and investigations and file reviews in the second quarter we booked a bit more on that front and the same is true in trade credit. So hopefully that answers, it but it's a bit of both I'd say.
François Morin: Correct more international. Absolutely. As you know we have exposure. I mean -- Continental Europe in particular there's France here there's certain countries where the BI coverage is more implicit and provided by the primary policies so those are some of the examples that we -- or policies that we -- or treaties that we're reserving for at this point.
François Morin: Still right at 8% pretty flat. We've -- a couple of movements across the kind of contributions, but yes 8% of tangible book.
François Morin: Not in a meaningful way. I think -- I mean we've been pretty cautious. And I think I've been I'd say realistic about what the loss trends have been and what we expect them to be going forward. As you know we haven't relied exclusively on kind of the last five or 10 years of data. We superimposed our own views on what a more normalized view of loss trends is or should be. And I think we're still very comfortable with where we were at and recognizing that yes COVID is a bit of an outlier. But at this point, haven't really factored in any material changes in our loss trends in how we price the business.
François Morin: I mean there are some indications that in some places yes, there's lower economic activity which will translate to lower losses or claims. We really haven't reflected that yet. I mean we want to take a cautious approach on that, so I'd like to think that maybe there's some to come down the road but for now we haven't factored that in anywhere in our numbers.
François Morin: Quick, I mean before you go on to the next one, Geoff quick update for you. The actual impact of the singles was $27 million in the quarter. Just correction to Marc $50 million.
François Morin: Yeah. Two things I'll add quickly to that. As Mark mentioned, the historically forbearance delinquencies most of them cure. I mean -- and we made comment that the 2% kind of claim rate. So that's obviously a very positive sign, but that's again more localized and it's a short-term issue. So, I mean understandable that these delinquencies most of them would cure. So that would be one extreme that would be a very good result in this situation. Maybe a little counter to that, as you may know, many of the claims or the mortgages or loans and forbearance up to 40% were actually still current, up until recently. So, in the early days of the second quarter, many loans had accessed the forbearance programs, but remained current and made their mortgage payments. The data now suggests that that percentage has come down. So the reality is, now we'll get a few more loans that have turned delinquent that were historically current or had been current in forbearance, but now have turned delinquent. So, that's a bit of a data point that we're monitoring, but that kind of gives us a bit of -- not necessarily concerned, but we have to understand better so that we can refine our estimates as we move forward, because the 2% ultimate claim rate may not be achievable or probably won't be what we end up with in this current situation.
