Marc Grandisson: Yes. The casualty market is going through, I wouldn't say repricing, but not re-underwriting as thorough because it has been already getting -- was hard, getting harder for the last several years. We may have some respite in terms of price increase middle of last year. But I think that the development of the prior year, as we all know, has created a little bit more uncertainties, and inflation is not ebbing. So right now, what we're seeing is people still being very, very careful and disciplined in how they underwrite the business, which leads Arch and gives us opportunity to lean into this even more so. We have grown our casualty book of business on the insurance side quite a bit. Our casualty book is E&S, as we all know, and very specialized in specialty. But sorry, I thought there was some technical difficulties here. Elyse, are you still there? I just want to make sure you can hear me.
Marc Grandisson: Okay. Thank you, you. Thank you, you're a trooper. So the casualty market on the insurance side, we're growing, but I think now we're having more opportunities to grow. I think that there's some kind of -- not repricing, but definitely a focus on that line of business on the Insurance side. On the Reinsurance side, I think we're starting to see some of the renewals that came through and anecdotally it's creating a little bit more friction in terms of renewal of the casualty quota share, for instance. So what we expect right now is the early stages. We don't know how long it's going to last and where it's going to go, but there's clearly a psychological belief within the human system and the human interaction in the casualty that people need and know that we need to get more rate to make up for all the risks and potentially some of the misses that we had in the past.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. We have a long list of things we'd like to acquire or have part of our arsenal. We talk about Allianz as an acquisition, and that's an important one and a significant one and a very good one for us. We're very pleased with that one. But what we also would want to tell our shareholders is, as you know, Elyse, we've also added teams along the way. So acquisition, a pure acquisition of a company is not the only thing that we're able to do. We've acquired some teams to do contingency, some more terror and everything in between. So we're always on the lookout. Again, as a cycle manager, Elyse, what you want is as many areas to deploy your capital, depending on the market conditions, creates a much more stable enterprise, much less volatility to the bottom line. And again, the more -- the market cycles are not monolithic, they are in multi phases and multi places. So we also have a little bit of an inside baseball. We -- our executive team is always -- almost every other month -- we have a list, a wish list that I will not share with you on this call, but it's a wish list of things that we know for a fact would be accretive and additive to our diversification of our portfolio, and we're always on the lookout for those. Mid market was on the list. And this is what -- so opportunities met the willingness to do it, and this is where we are.
Marc Grandisson: Well, Jimmy, just at a high level, I'll let Francois talk about the reserving level. But we have been a participant in marine liability for quite a while. I used to underwrite the IGA in the Reinsurance group, way back in '02 or '03. This is nothing new to us. We also acquired Barbican in 2019. So we have -- and we have a stronger presence than we ever had in the London market, which, again, is another marine market positioning. So we do also, we do Insurance, Reinsurance and some retro actually. So it's nothing new to us. We like that business quite a bit, made money over the years. The rates and the returns were and are still acceptable. I mean but sometimes a loss occurs. I'm not sure about what the other ones are thinking about. But we definitely think that this is pretty much in line with what we would have expected the market share to be or what we think our presence in the marketplace would be. I'll let Francois talk about...
Marc Grandisson: Well, I don't have a crystal ball for the future. But we're -- like everybody else, we're just on the receiving end of a market that's curing better. The borrower is in good conditions. There are programs on the GSEs that help the borrower staying in their homes. Most of those that even would have a delinquency, as we speak, would have a much lower mortgage rate. So they have a lot of incentive to stay in the home and not having to do anything with it, plus there's a lot of equity being built up in the home. So people have -- are sitting on because, as you know, there's been a significant increase in property valuation over three to 4 years. So everything is really indicating that we have a lot of the alignment between starting from the borrower, all the way to the mortgage insurer and the mortgage origination of the mortgage companies to make sure that the borrowers can make the payment, you can refinance, delay or attach it to a lot of things, a lot of tools and toolbox that weren't there, frankly, in '07 and '08 when the crisis happened. So -- but what does that mean in terms of development, we'll have to see what happens. But again, it's been more favorable than we would have said probably 2, three years ago, and we're just -- when we see the data, we just react to it.
Marc Grandisson: Well, there's a lot of things going on. There's a thorough and very complete plan by our unit to first integrate them, making part of our company and our culture. And we'll have to look at everything that we can do to help them out It's an okay, it's okay business, very decent business, but we'll have to make it more of an Arch business, but recognizing some of the cultural differences in the distribution, it's a little bit of a different business. Data analytics is certainly one of them. We also bring to bear. We believe Allianz is a big company and they did a lot of work on this, where we have a strong presence in the US. as well. We also already do some middle market business. So we already have experience in that space. And so we have a -- we have a couple of things, a couple of tricks up our sleeve, if you will, to make it better. I won't go into all the details, obviously, but I think we're pretty excited about what we can do with the asset. And I think like I say all the time, and this is not a comparison with Allianz or us, but truthfully, it adds to the same thing to the Mortgage through UG, they're relatively a bigger piece of our overall enterprise and perhaps they would be in some other company. So that makes it a little bit more exciting and a bit more -- and the willingness from our part, obviously, to invest, right? I'll remind everyone that some of the earnings that we make, we put aside to invest for the future. So we have a lot of things going on, and we're pretty excited.
Marc Grandisson: No. I think if you look at the -- it's a good question. If you look at the last 4 or 5 years in the first quarter, you'll see that our net to gross ratio hovers between 65% to 70%. Last quarter last year, it was 70% because we had a larger transaction that came through that was not seated. So it's really just a comparison that's not -- just 1 period comparison is not reflective of what's going on. If you look at the longer term, you look at the 65% to 70%, so nothing changed there.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So the -- it's -- the thing -- our professional liability has many things into it. It's got a large company, large public company D&O, it's got some smaller private, also has cyber in it and some professional liability like agents and stuff like this, that's more E&O based. I think that the growth is largely attributed to the cyber. Our teams are leaning a little bit more into it, and we've also acquired a couple of more team or developing a team in Europe, there's a big need for what we realize as a need for cyber in Europe, and that's something that we're starting to grow and see more of. And the reason it's grown in cyber is because even though some of the rates, as we all heard, went down slightly, it's still a very, very favorable, we believe, very favorable proposition for us to underwrite. Also it helps us doing other lines of business because it creates value for our clients. It's still a little bit harder to get in terms of coverage. On the D&O, we would have decreases and increases depending on where the rates are or where we see the relative valuation or the profitability of our portfolio. On that note, the rates in D&O went down about 8% in this quarter, not as bad as it was 1.5 years ago. You heard the comments that the SEAs are down. So there's there's still -- we believe there's still a lot of favorable opportunities in that segment as well. We just have to be a little bit more circumspect when we do this.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think right now, what we're seeing is more a higher appetite, cyber is one of them. That's for sure, Insurance and Reinsurance, that would also -- I mean, can run the gamut, there are many of them. Typically, right now, what we are the lines that are more short-tail in nature. You can see a little bit more willingness to take some more risk from the competition. And how we react to it is, we have many things we do. We typically will tend to first look at the overall [indiscernible] if the rates go down or if the rates stay as is, with the new conditions, you actually price the business as if it's a new piece of business and what kind of return it will get to you. And if it's a little bit not as much -- or not too close for comfort, we might just decrease our participation. And we also might just stay on the clients that we believe have a better chance to really maneuver through that a little bit sideways market, if you will. It's really an underwriters' market at this time.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So I think the -- Francois mentioned the actual is expected, which is sort of consistent in both insurance and reinsurance on the more recent policy or accident year, which having the right starting point means that you don't really have to correct frequently. So I would say that we're not surprised on the Reinsurance about what we see. But as I said earlier, I think there is anecdotally and some heavy -- a lot of more friction, I would say, between Insurance and Reinsurance companies to make sure that people get an agreement as to what the ultimate book is going to be. So we're hearing this going in the marketplace. Of course, we participate in that, but we're not seeing this as being a big issue for us. And the other years that would have been pre-2020 and 2021, I want to remind everyone that we were very defensive. We do not have a whole lot of those premium and those harder-in-developing areas that people are talking about. So I will say that we see opportunities to write more of those, and we expect to see more opportunities to write more of those types of deals this year, but I wouldn't say that we are the most present in those worst years, if you will.
Marc Grandisson: No, I think it's -- to your point, some of the adjustments are coming through, but inflation is also picking up. And there's also, as we all hear, there's potentially more activity in the Southeast of the US. in terms of activities and storms. So I think that people are trying to sort out what they will do at this point in time. I think we have already existing relationships that we think will get us a little bit ahead of the game in terms of participating and getting a participation in the marketplace. But bottom line is we expect the Florida market to be well priced and very good from a risk-adjusted basis. Nothing indicates anything else other than that. Even, of course, the -- everything that's been done to take care [indiscernible] and whatever else in between, I think, is helpful. But it's still the largest property cat exposure for everybody around the world. So even if you make some corrections and they have made some corrections, I think we still have a couple of years before we start thinking about having a heavy softening in the market. There might be some here and there, but we still believe the market will be healthy as a reinsurer.
Marc Grandisson: No, it doesn't change. I mean cycle management is a core principle of ours. And if anything, we'd like to be able to do -- it's going to be a matter of degree perhaps. Some lines of business have more acute cycle management because they're probably more heavily commoditized. I would expect the cycle management to be much softer in the Allianz and the US. MidCorp business. And that's also what's attractive about it, right, because it creates more stability for the portfolio.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much for hearing our earnings. Great start of the year. We look forward to seeing you all in July.
François Morin: Yes. I mean again, we can't speculate or comment on how others may or may not be reserving for this event. For us, it's not unusual. And I'd say that we've taken a very conservative view of the loss and still a lot to be determined, obviously, in terms of who's going to end up paying for it. But -- and the last point you asked last question is, yes, for us right now, it's all IBNR, I mean we don't really have all the specifics to establish case reserves. So we booked it as IBNR and we'll see how things develop.
François Morin: Well, part one of your question, there was really no material development on long-tail casualty lines of business across all years. So both pre-2015 to '19 years and '21 to '23. So we're very comfortable with that. I think our reserves are holding up nicely. And I know there's been some concerns around the more recent years where there's been some signs of adverse in the industry. We're not seeing that. Actually, our metrics or our actuaries are commenting that our actual development is coming in more favorable than expected. Again, very early to declare victory, but that's certainly for us a positive sign, and we'll keep monitoring and see how things develop for the rest of the year.
François Morin: Mike, I'd say it's just the nature of the business we're in. I think there's going to be some ebbs and flows. There are going to be some -- I wouldn't call them unusual or unexpected developments. There could be 1 or two claims that surfaced in the quarter. We booked them, we recognized adverse or bad news early on and see how things play out. So there's really nothing to say that we want -- that needs to be highlighted. It's really part of the course. And yes, absolutely, this quarter, it turns out that the ex GAAP kind of underlying loss ratio was up, I'd say, 30 bps. And that's just the reality of the world we're in, and we think it's still an excellent result.
François Morin: Well, the comment I made last quarter was -- yes, for the full year on the overall ACGL premium, 6% to 8%. We don't see that changing at this point. I think that was based on our view of how the year had a chance to play out. That's why we gave you a range. We were very happy with the 1/1 renewals. 401s went pretty much as expected and 6/1 so far are holding up nicely. I mean still a little bit of time to go before that gets finalized. But big picture, again, that's the 6% to 8% range for the year in terms of cat load is holding up nicely.
François Morin: Yes. I mean it's a great market, right? And we've been saying that for a few quarters. I think and we've said it before, I think we encourage you all to look at results on a trailing 12-month basis. I think it's a bit more reliable, I think, less prone to volatility that is sometimes hard to predict. But yes. I mean, we -- and Marc said it. I think the quality of the book that's in force right now is excellent, and we're going to earn that in. But whether how -- was this quarter a little bit better than maybe the long-term run rate? Maybe, we don't know. But again, as you try to look ahead, I'd say more of a trailing 12 month, again, view is probably a bit more reliable.
François Morin: Yes. So just to be -- make sure we're on the same page, there's a lag, right? So Coface is booked on a one lag -- one quarter lag basis. So what they just reported for Q1 will show up in our Q2 numbers. Somers is on a real-time basis. And as we know, Somers should follow relatively closely the performance of our Reinsurance book because it's effectively [indiscernible] there's some nuances to it. But big picture, that is booked on a real-time basis and should mirror fairly closely our Reinsurance book. But to your point, yes. I mean if Coface reported out a strong Q1, you should see the benefits of that to flow through in our second quarter.
François Morin: Correct. Yes. It's not perfectly correlated because it's not the whole segment. It's mostly the Bermuda Reinsurance unit that we -- that they follow. Not the entire business, but big picture is still -- I mean, if the market conditions are good and Reinsurance, the Somers will benefit from that on a similar basis.
François Morin: Yes. I mean that's always an evolving topic, right? I think we are always focused on putting the capital to work in the business where we can. I think we've done a fair amount of that, obviously, this quarter with the Reinsurance growth that we saw. The $1.8 billion that will support the Allianz transaction is another example. We will see how the year plays out. No question that, we're generating significant earnings so that goes to the bottom line. And we'll be patient with it until we can't really find other ways to deploy it. But for the time being, it's -- we're in a really good place in terms of capital and gives us a lot of flexibility.
François Morin: Yes, big picture, it's a $2 billion [indiscernible] with dollar for dollar, right? So we get $2 billion in cash, and we were spending $450 million that goes out back to them for the cash consideration. So net-net, it's $1.5 billion of incremental cash that we will get. And the rest on the new business, then it's, call it, it's the premium flow with as we write that business, that's the overall -- over time, that will be the incremental investment income or invested assets that we will get.
François Morin: A lot of it is third-party capital, right? We -- last year was a very light or a good year for the performance of that book. So some of those agreements, many of them actually pay us a commission that is -- there's a base and then there's a variable aspect to it, then that was kind of a lot -- a large part of that. So that's effectively performance-based commissions on property cat or property business.
François Morin: I mean there's no one answer to that. I think there's always -- I mean, and we talk about M&A, but M&A doesn't happen that often. So there's a size that matters, how much could we need -- would we need to raise in terms of using our own stock? Certainly, in terms of dilution, it's always, we think better to kind of use our cash. But there's many considerations we look at, trying to optimize as best we can all the options. We've got plenty of capacity in raising debt too, if need be. So it's very much a function of each specific circumstance, each specific opportunity. We look at it on its own and go from there.
François Morin: I mean that's been the preference historically. But I mean, again, it's hard to speculate on what could be the next thing. So yes, historically, but things change over time, too.
François Morin: I mean it's grown over the years, for sure. I think that the difficulty or the reality we face is some of these fees are somewhat -- with the expense -- the revenue we get that has some expenses that go with it, and those are kind of co-mingled with our own internal expenses. So isolating, call it, the margin on those contracts is a little bit kind of cloudy. But yes, it's grown. It's part of what we do. It's part of the leveraging our platform, leveraging our underwriting capabilities, in all our segments, right? All three segments have some fee income that comes into the errors. Obviously, Somers is part of that as well. But yes, it's become a bit more sizable for us.
