Marc Grandisson: So thanks for the question. I think it's still early. I think the Ian is one part of the equation. This is what I think we should probably see an impact on other lines of business because aside from Ian, we also have the markdowns and inflation concerns and whatever else is out there. So it would be reasonable to expect dripping effect through the other lines of business. I also want to remind everyone that the market has gone through a hardening outside of cat for the last three to four years. So I'm not sure we would see a similar or furthering or hardening the same level that we saw. But we're at a really, really good level right now. So anything that is incremental above that is hugely accretive to us on an industry certainly in Arch.
Marc Grandisson: At a really good question, Elyse. And I think it's obviously dependent on the risk-adjusted return that we would see in there. Like I just want to remind everyone that we're underweight at 7.7%. So we have room to grow if we see the opportunity. We did grow a little bit in 2022, seeing opportunities. We would do the same thing if we were to be presented with the same situation.  I think we have the capital, the appetite and the expertise to really participate in the upcoming market hardening. I think at least the -- if it continues to shape up the way it's designing itself, we're going to be part of a solution. We're going to be part of creating new solutions and providing meaningful capacity to our clients. What I like about what we are is we have a diversified platform. As you know, it is a lot of flexibility and as Francois Morin mentioned, we're in a very good position. What I could say is, if you tell me what the returns were, I would tell you how much we would be willing to take. But you would expect to hear from Arch that the way we think about building up the risk in the tower is incrementally as we would go up on the PML, we would the expected return to increasingly improve over that period. So it will be really, really highly depend on how much the rates go. And you might -- I think it's too early to tell. What it's going to be, right now, what we think it could change, but it should be significant.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Well, I'll tell you, Elyse, if you look at this is the beauty of our platform, right? When you had a reinsurance company and an insurance company, was to participate in the upswing of the market that is reinsurance is a really, really quick and proactive way to do. So we think in the early stages of this hard market gets there, that we would be deploying more capital more quickly into our reinsurance unit because it's also what I think most of the need is going to do, right, on the insurance portfolio, at least as you know, fiscal year to turn over our portfolio, whereas a reinsurance portfolio could be done much quicker. So I think it's going to be in steps like it always has been. It's the same in 2002 when we were formed. We were really, really reactive and very quick to market on the reinsurance side as we saw our insurance business building up and getting traction and take via a hard market. So I think over time, we then where does it land in 2024 and beyond if we have this opportunity, again, as I mentioned, then it will be relative returns. It will depends who gets a better risk-adjusted return. They will have to go in front of Francois and I and argue their case. These are our prospective units. And this is what we're going to go through. We go through this on a quarterly basis to make sure we're keeping all the returns in the same -- the most optimal as possible.
Marc Grandisson: If I may add, Mike, one of our key things on capital and we allocate capital on an economic basis, S&P is definitely an important piece of the puzzle, but it's not the only thing that drives us. So we're carefully paying attention to it. And we'll see what happens.
Marc Grandisson: It's a great question. I look at the clock many times a year and looked at it last week, we're about 12 noon, 11:30, 12 known on the P&C side, I would say. And probably 8:00-ish on the property cat space. But the clock can be turned back. So I'm not sure that 11:30 is going to stick. So that will be my comment and sort of alludes to the first question -- the first question I answered.  I think that overall, most lines are getting rate over trend. We're still seeing plant. The fact that this is a broad statement, right, you're rightfully point that were specialty product company were many different products and every one, every one of these products has different characteristics, different exposure base, different attachment points, different geographies. Broadly speaking, most lines are clearing rate over trend. I think some others have said that in other calls this week. But I think that as an every hard market, this is what we're sort of observing in a few areas. We've -- there's been a lot of -- they have been for the last 3 years, almost over correction in some certain pockets. And I think that appropriately and rationally, people are looking at the history and the experience and they're seeing the difference is much improved. One example is [indiscernible]. I think it's a line of two here and there that have smaller rate increase or smaller rate decreases. The thing is it gets recorded broadly, gets a lot of headlines in the papers, but it's just not really a true reflection of the wider market. I think that by virtue, if you look at the way we operate on the insurance and reinsurance on the P&C and mortgage for that matter, we're really focused on risk-adjusted returns. And if we -- if you see us grow, it's because the risk-adjusted return is and the profit is there. So I think overall, the market is still very, very -- is presenting us with a lot of opportunity, both on insurance, P&C and reinsurance.
Marc Grandisson: No, I think that -- no, actually not. It's actually an area that is still very, very active and very interesting for us. A lot of our growth actually comes from those E&S property and business. But to be selective, not all one line and all one monolithic subline as you can appreciate,. But certainly, we're participating in the ones where we like the risk return. Our E&S premium right now in the U.S. because it's hard to decipher what's in London. But in the U. S., it's about 28% of our premium that we write at E&S is almost double from what it was three or four years ago. So we have really leaned heavily into that marketplace and continue to do so. I think that what's happening with Ian and the acute need for capacity, specific kind of property should mean more E& S property opportunity and potentially some E&S casualty opportunities as well. I want to remind everyone this is a beautiful business to have as a specialty insurance company because you have a little bit more freedom of form, freedom of great -- and I think this is where really our underwriting acumen and underwriting expertise could showcase itself.
Marc Grandisson: That's a broad question, Yaron. It's a great question. And I think we're all incurring intently observing. I think -- maybe the best way to -- if I could allow me for 1 second to sort of draw a parallel with Katrina and the way it evolved back in. It's not exactly the , but let's go there for 12th and we'll back and come again turning back the insurance level.  The insurance company took a long time, took 1.5 years to really repurpose and re-underwrite and reform, reshape their insurance portfolio to make sure that it was better. So risk -- not risk off, but readjusting the risk that issuance companies are taking is something that I believe they will be doing for the next 12 to 18 months. But as I said before, it takes a long time to do so. In the meantime, you still have the exposure.  So typically, what happens is the reinsurance companies come in, say, well, we're going to need more returns for the capital capacity that we're providing to you the portfolio hasn't changed last two months is going to take a little while. We want to see what impact, what you're going to do in the portfolio. That was '05, right? So -- and then what happened, as you get into the New Year, as a buyer, of where our interest group is no exception, you still need to buy reinsurance and cat reinsurance. It's still a volatility that it's appropriate and prudent to purchase.  So the purchasing still occurs. There might be some push and pull on the retention. Presumably, your retention would have to go up somewhat, maybe constraints and have a constraint on what limit is available. So I think if you put it all back together, there'll be shifting and changes in the reinsurance side, more likely at 1/1, as I mentioned. And as we go towards the Florida renewal of the year, the insurance portfolio will sort of be reacting to what the reinsurance market is telling them, that it's more costly from a cat perspective. So might take a long time to develop. I mean, it's not like a one renewal and done. 
Marc Grandisson: Sorry, that's your question apologize. So there the answer is the second viewpoint. As you see the reinsure side gets more expensive, it's a change so perhaps you can buy reinsurance. The insurance team now know that they need to charge more to make up for what they lost or to get the protection because the reinsurance market is also telling them something very, very, very informative as to what is the price of cat chart and you need to chart for cat with.  So you are right. So overall, we'll have pricing increase on the primary insurance portfolios, which to your point will lead to -- should lead to a lower attrition or loss ratio, because it's the same kind of losses from an attritional perspective with our agreement. So yes, that is a fair assessment for verifications.
Marc Grandisson: Well, I think it's -- there's the official pronouncement or what -- the official view of how people look at certain things. But let's be honest here. I don't think anybody totally puts it to the side and doesn't consider it at all. There's companies that have lost, 20% plus of their capital base so far this year. If rates go up another 100, or 200 basis points over the next 12 plus months, at some point, there's -- you can't write a diversified book of P&C business at three or four or five to one.  I mean, that's just -- people are going to push back and you got to have a plan to either remediate or have a view on when those markets are going to revert back. So rating agencies are, I think, in that camp. I think they'll give us and others some latitude, but it's not infinite. It's not like they don't consider it at all. So that's really our point here is that, it like it or not, some capital has evaporated, not permanently, but for the time being. It's something we need to work through.
Marc Grandisson: Also Tracy. Very good question. But we won't divulge what I already know what economic model is. But if you look at an economic model, there is a large amount of lack of correlation between MI and P&C doesn't mean that they can go back and there's not really some non-correlation between the two. There's also a lot of correlation benefits that we derive from the multitude of stuff going on around the world. So we have a very, very diversified portfolio.  I think the way that we look about this is, you know, the way you look at the curve, your economic curve, you know, again, we have to be careful, it's a mathematical exercise. We're not beholden to only mathematics. But if you look at the way you flex the P&L, if you put the pressure on an increase in currency and see what could happen if, do what if scenarios, and -- but you always have the eye on the maximum downside that you're going to take, combining both of these, or two or three of these really like 45 curves that we have.  That's -- I'm going to leave it at that for now. I think that this is an exercise that we do all the time. We're going through it right now, and it's ever changing because pricing is moving. And it's one thing that is, I want to remind everyone is that we all only look at the loss itself. If you look at what premium you charge for the risk, and what really is working, the combined ratio and the profit level is very, very important. And every time you have a line of business that provides more profits, when margins improve or increase, it helps the overall balance sheet, the overall portfolio that you have on the reinsurance.  Having said all this, with having a proper hard stop on the downside potential, we don't want to get a suspension of the balance sheet because we still want to be able to take advantage of the next market, if and when it does present itself.  On the mortgage side, I will remind everyone that we buy a fair amount of quota shares that sort of protects a lot of downside. It's also part of our considerations. We buy quota share, we also buy excess of lots. So we have some protection. That's also a good example of how we manage the risk even if we like, we still very much like the MI risk, but we also are very prudent. And making sure some of the downside is somewhat protected, again, for the same reasons that as I mentioned earlier on the call. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Absolutely. There's no doubt in my mind. But it's not -- again, it's not the worst application this diversity. We always are conscious, as I mentioned to make sure the process is improving. And I guess on the property cat the one thing that should be clear, I mean we it's reviewed. So now the charges, that's what we talked about, having an higher need -- higher charge need to take a commensurate or similar risk that we would take let's say in [indiscernible]. We need to be cognizant of those things. And I think yes, it is. It is really a fact that, in addition, our earnings power to your point, I mean, that's what you are sort of alluding to the fact that we have earnings coming from MI, definitely help us as we redeploy capital into the other opportunities that we see ahead of us.
Marc Grandisson: Well, I mean, it's a fair point. We again, we're not constrained. I think that's the most important thing. Leverage ratio is down, but we also have access to other forms of capital or line of credit is one that you mentioned. There are others. So if the opportunity is there for an additional growth in our P&C lines, and maybe mortgage, whatever we'll see them as we move forward, I think, my view is that it's hard to write on, on call it, you know, capital, that's just not on the balance sheet. Right. So it's got to be in the balance sheet somehow. And our view is, yes, we see recovery in the unwinding of that mark to market hit so far.  But the capital base, has to show that it's real and solid to get credit, and write on it. 
Marc Grandisson: Well, I mean, there's -- we've done some rough math. I mean, you can kind of look at it like portfolio, turning over in the following two years on average. So let's call it eight quarters. And you can do get a rough now by that. But the reality is, we're going to also I think we're going to get -- we do have plenty of free cash flow coming through. And that's going to be reinvested at pretty significant levels. So we think that overall, the book value should start growing pretty quickly beyond just the recovery of the markets.
Marc Grandisson: And on the INW, which Francois just mentioned about new production, if you look at the NBA numbers, the purchase market, which is by far the most important one, for the MI business, is a lot more stable, there's not as much of a decrease. So we're still fairly positive, that we're still going to get some nice production from our team over the next several quarters. And again, I remind everyone that as you know mortgages is up north of 7%. So it does make it a bit hard to get into a home. But fact is, there's still pent up demand for housing if the purchase market should stay pretty active for the next several quarters, which bodes well for our INW, just forward-looking.
Marc Grandisson: Well, the answer is we don't know, right? I mean, this is protecting the future. I mean, there's a lot of modeling out there that is trying to address it. We certainly are on the cutting edge ourselves with neurologists and everyone else we have on staff to make sure we're on top of it. But again, it's like everything else it's a prediction. And we try to put as much cushion or a little bit of extra level of conservativeness, to make sure that you're on the right side of the equation. And if things keep on going, and you're getting worse, getting better than you adjust and you're fighting the last data point into your next year's expectation.  I think that if you take a step back, I talked about it on my comment, what is also -- what's also going on is that we sort of disregarded the true expected cat -- expected cat losses, if you were to just allocate without putting a lot of weight or a lot of increase into some of the factors that that go with cat pricing, we as an industry should have priced more, for which we are charged more for the cat risk and we didn't. And I'm always reminded of the law of large numbers which says, over the long run, you get what you deserve, in results.  So it's not far from my mind to think that perhaps, just perhaps not a necessarily a change, a climate change but that could be the case but it could also be just by virtue of not charging enough over time that you sort of get -- you reap the reward of that mispricing.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, so the answer the great question, yeah, I think number one is we're partnering up with guys who are cutting edge really, on top of the latest technology, and latest forensic work for our clients. And that's a really good place to be. We also have a team. But funny enough, a lot of our teams were on the tech side for cyber risk are not part of the underwriting team. So we have a lot of people within the underwriting units who are actually more IT people than cyber specialists, and they themselves also contract with other third party vendors as well to make sure that we're on top of it.  In addition to other third party vendor that we have ourselves within the company, so we also want to look out and understand it more and more. It's a big investment. 
Marc Grandisson: That's a very good question. This is harder to manage at a technical level as you can appreciate, right? Because it's really the cloud and other systems. I think what we do right now is listen, instead of in lieu of adding this technical structure infrastructure, which we think at some point, should come [indiscernible], is that's the shortfall I'm realistic about what a worst case downside scenario can be. And we have various scenarios that we run every quarter to make sure that we're on top of it. And again, there's the downside to everything we do in life. But again, we're weighing it with the returns that we're seeing. And we think the risk reward is fairly in our favor. We like the odds of that business. 
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, we'll also have reinsurance that we buy and other things that we can do there as well. So yes.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much for your listening to our call. Looking forward to talk to you again in the New Year with perhaps more exciting news. We'll see what the market gives us. Thank you very much.
Francois Morin: Yeah. The one thing, Jimmy, I'll add to specific to our Trey, and that's really part of our history. We've always operated with the principle that we wanted to have a strong and conservative balance sheet, right? And why have we done that? Why are we thinking that route? It was always with a mindset that we wanted to have optionality. We wanted to be able to take advantage of improving market conditions when and if they come around, right? . And what I mean consistent and strong and conservative balance sheet, it's, a, the investment portfolio, you saw that in our markdowns, we got some like everybody else, but I think we're probably more on the low side. And also in terms of leverage, we don't have a very levered balance sheet. Even today at 9/30, we're below 25% the right at 25% on a just-to-capital basis. So those are the reasons why we feel like that's -- again, that's been our strategy. And this may be a moment in our history that tells us that and we'll be able to enjoy the benefits or reap the rewards of maintaining such a strategy. So I think we're in a really, really good position. We're positive. We're optimistic about the market going forward. We're still not there yet, and we'll see what happens at one to one, but at least from the balance sheet point of view, we're in a really good position.
Francois Morin: Well, again, it's twofold. I'd say, a, we typically don't do a whole lot in the third quarter ahead of the hurricane season. So that's very consistent with our history. There's always -- the stock price matters, always, as you know, in the short and stock buybacks. So going into the quarter, we just wanted to see how things played out. And also with the expectation that we would -- the hard market, even before Ian, we still thought that the hard market would be -- go well into 2023. And that was one of the reasons why we felt maintaining the capital base that give us the ability to write on that business in '23 was critical to us.
Francois Morin: Yeah. I think that's the third way to think about it. I mean, we've said before, I think looking at loss ratios on a quarterly basis is not something. It's not how we think about it. We like to take more rolling 12 months or even maybe longer periods to have a view of the long-term performance of the book. Again, I was just making a point that just to let everybody know that we're not worried about this little blip in our quarter, very much part of the normal volatility of our business. But going forward, if the market ends up being very constructive, let's say, on the short-term lines. Specifically, yes, the loss ratio presumably could come down a little bit.
Francois Morin: Yes. I mean I think we -- many of us thought we haven't answered all those questions by now. The model proposals that they perform were substantial and broad. So I think it impacted most -- I mean most types of companies, Europeans, North Americans, life B&T, et cetera. They did get a lot of feedback. So the current thinking and what they just let the world know recently that there -- call it, their second version of their proposal will be out in the first quarter.  So there's a little bit of uncertainty there as to what changes they may make to what they suggested initially. We've had discussions with them. Many others have as well, specifically in the Bermuda debt issue. We'd like to think that's going to get resolved reasonably well. We don't have finality on that. But we're somewhat positive that we'll get a good resolution there. So from that point of view, I'd say our capital base is strong, and we don't see a need to make any changes to it at this point.
Francois Morin: And Tracy, the argument, that you're pushing us, I mean, you could take it to the extreme, right, because the way they handled was up by 80%. But at some point, it starts to matter. It's not as important as 5% or 10%. It's more important at 30% and becomes progressively more important, because in the end we have to pay our policyholders. And then once we're out of reserves did a cat loss, we need to take care of our capital. And it does matter in the big world. So I think it's --I'm not saying it shouldn't matter 100% now, because at some mark and it's still capital available. But it has to make a difference somehow over time, because the argument would fall, right, at what point do you think it starts to matter, 50, 60, 80? I think it's matters just a different degree through the capital stack.
Francois Morin: Well, we've said it before. I think, and it still holds. I mean, the in-force book is where we're going to generate most of our underwriting income for the foreseeable future, right for the next two to three years. Doesn't matter really materially whether production is stable, declining increases, increasing the in-force books, is going to drive the underwriting income for the next three years or so. And we are very comfortable with the level the performance of that book right now, because as we know, and as we've said before, depreciation is a big part of that, refinancing refinance activities coming down. And so persistency is up, etc. So there's a lot of things pointing us in the direction of saying yes. That in-force book is doing well and will keep doing well, we think.  Over time, no question that if new production kind of keeps declining to levels, very low levels for an extended period, then a maybe starts to show on the numbers, but we don't think that's anytime soon.
Francois Morin: Yeah, I think I just mentioned it in my comments, the industry always like everyone else here on the call talking about what's happening around the world, some uncertainties, discussions, whatever else. The potential thing that could happen and the industry is raising rates is right, is raising premium rate as we speak on the mortgage, the mortgage sector, which is good news, which speaks I believe, volume for the new environment, that we have in MI, an industry that, is a lot more disciplined and deliberate in what it's doing. It's something we would have expected, but it's good to see it happen in life, in real life case like that we are seeing right now. 
Francois Morin: Right now we have a lot of discussions about this. Right now. We believe that our P&C operations are slightly gaining and getting ahead of it, don't tell our MI group that. But it seems that the ENC units are squarely taking the lead.
Francois Morin: And one thing I'll add to that Yaron is to us, we think of it as an earnings event, not a capital event. So we -- some of these kind of, we think pretty severe, widespread events would not hurt our capital base.
