Marc Grandisson: Yes, I think all opportunities on the P&C side just have improved right over the last couple of years and I think we’re even more convinced of the length and that has legs for the foreseeable future. So that makes us be more proactive to balance, if you will, the capital allocation between more than one year. I mean, we did rely heavily on a capital deployed in MI for quite a while because the returns in P&C as release weren’t as attractive. But now that we have a new attractive and increase and improve returns in the P&C, it behooves us to balance the risk profile in the portfolio. That’s one of the reasons why we would do some more reinsurance and again, the reinsurance also helps our return on the net basis as well which is also another benefit.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I would say on the P&C side, at least I would say it’s getting up is north of that now. I think we have our prospects closing, the gap is closing between MI and P&C if you will. 
Marc Grandisson: Well, I mean, two things. I mean, we bought, we’re close to a billion dollars this year. So we don’t want to go back to the Board every three months and ask for more. So we thought, okay, what may we need, could we need by the end of 2022, over the next 15 months effectively, 1.5 billion that’s just a number that nice round number, nothing special about it. But are we committed to that number? The answer is absolutely not. If the market keeps improving and we have the ability to deploy your capital, all the capital and then some in the business, we may not end up buying anything back. So it’s really, again, a function of the market conditions and vice versa. If the market doesn’t really generate give us a lot of opportunities to grow, we might be in a position where we buyback more than not. So it’s really, again, it’ll be a function of what we see in front of us over the next 15 months. And if we end up going through the billion and a half sooner than next year, then we’ll do something else. So again, it’s very dynamic, very real time I’d say and we’ll see where things take us.
Marc Grandisson: Right Jimmy. If we bifurcate the market into property cat you agree, I would tend to agree with you that the property cat raise did not increase as much as we had hoped collectively as an industry I would say not only at Arch, it’s not a single Arch phenomenon. Therefore, that’s why you saw us right less property cat over the last nine months as a reaction to those rate levels. It’s still early, like I said in my commentary, but I think we should have a re-pricing, definitely re-pricing in Europe and in the U.S. even for the layers that have been impacted, that’s for sure. And I think it would start to spill out even on to those that have not sustained a loss because I think there’s a recognition of heightened cat activity. And I think that the market is sort of bracing for that as we go forward. It’s going to be a matter of degree. On the rest of the marketplace I think that overall since if you look at the liability lines in general, overall you can think of in terms of a quarter share if you’ve got quarter share of casualty or liability lines you’re benefiting from the rate increases in the business and I think the ceding commissions which were held high through 2020 are starting to come down a little bit. So there’s a recognition that so there’s a bit of an improvement from that perspective and a quarter share on the excess of loss in general for liability, the ratio is stable to somewhat and is more stable, but again, you apply those rate against a base that is increasing in premium level. So they are also getting some price uplift. And I think that big as soon I mean, the reinsurance market, Jimmy feeds off of the insurance market, right in a positive way, I want to make sure it’s a positive message. We actually, we on the receiving end of a portion of what the insurance market writes and to the extent that interest market writes premium at a higher level, we are benefiting from those rate increases.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I would say, I mean, we’re still very much, a lot of IBNR and our COVID reserves more than half, 60% or so I’d say, call it COVID reserves on the P&C side are still IBNR. So and how quickly do we, well, we know or not know whether we’ll need those reserves time will tell. I think it’s where we said yes I don’t disagree that so far there have been a couple of positive developments from the cores, but it's going to take a while. I truly think this is a very complicated and issue that will take years to resolve. So I wouldn't expect us to really take dramatic action on the level of COVID reserves on the P&C side for some time.
Marc Grandisson: There are releases. I will say yes it will probably take another year, year and a half and we might hold a little bit more longer for the reasons I just mentioned in terms of the court decisions. 
Marc Grandisson: Well, the loss cost trend as we observe it, and it might change is still roughly 3% to 5% it depends on lines of business. But we have already changed our view on this at this point. And we had a loss reserve review, I believe, a couple of months ago. So then it's not changing, although we are putting in a loss ratio pick an extra level of margin of safety to make sure we wouldn't be missing because it could be higher as you know inflation is certainly another concern that we all have collectively as underwriters. In terms of my theory about why the smaller accounts get those rates right now, it's just, the market is a human psychology market. And pricing gets more acutely needed in a larger capacity play. This is where the market starts focusing its first efforts as the market hardens. And this is not unusual. This is a very, very normal phenomenon and hardening markets. You'll tend to try and fix those are more important, meaning you can put a 10 million to 15 million to 25 million limit, these are the ones you're going to try to fix right away, because presumably those will have caused you a bit more pain over the last two to three years, you were expecting more pains coming from that portfolio. And it's just a matter of time before people start looking sideways as to what other lines of business need rate. And then you start dipping down into your overall portfolio and seeing where the liability trends for instance, might also be impacted. And this is sort of a second round sort of a rippling effect from the main capacity providing players into the ones who have lower players and at the same time, to be fair, and to be I mean, to be truthful, you also have development ongoing happening on the smaller account at the same time. It's just not as acute and as glaring and as obvious early as a larger capacity play. That's why.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So right now the program is done expires at 930, expired at 930 in terms of foreclosure but, the forbearance I'm sorry. The foreclosure, it's still unclear because they could also come back and extend it further if things were to change and the CFPB is also involved with the FHFA saying that we don't want to have any more, there's a moratorium on the foreclosure process as well. So I think both federal entities are trying to push to go back to your last point of the question, push the mortgage loan or the mortgage originator and provider of providing solutions to the borrowers who are still in forbearance or not current on their payments. And to your point a lot of it is going to be continuous same payment, most of it is going to be continuing the same payment as prior to the COVID forbearance program and is attaching towards the end the lack of what wasn't paid, or what was accrued as unpaid at the end of the loan. So this is roughly what it's going to look like. But it's going to be another three quarters before we have more visibility because even though the forbearance programs stopped in 930, and people should come now to the banks, and to the mortgage originator and trying to remediate their position from a forbearance perspective, it's still going to take another six to nine months, and I think the agencies are watching carefully. So everything is heading towards a happy resolution, if you will, of the overall forbearance programs like everybody is focusing on this as of this point in time.
Marc Grandisson: I mean I'd say we certainly do a lot of Bellemeade as it is. So I don't want to say we wouldn't do more, but it's I mean, we already are very active in that space and made big placements. So I wouldn't expect us to necessarily increase that vehicle, that mechanism to transfer risk a whole lot. And on the quota share, yes we see more we could, but then it's a risk return trade off and whether the economics work are reasonable or work in our favor, too. So right now we're happy where we're at. But if things change in the market gives us better opportunities we could conceivably see a bit more. Yes.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think the answer is going to be very similar. So very good question. Hope you are -- by the police in back here. If you look at the average case reserved for annuities it's exactly 23,500 I believe it's in the supplement, you can look into it. And you're right. It was it went up from last year. The run rate pre-COVID was roughly 10,000, 11,000, 12,000, so it did increase. And was about 110,000 for claims that we got as well a COVID in the forbearance and about 78% of them have cured so far, so we’ve about 20,500. So [Indiscernible] we have about 31,770, I think is a number in terms of an NOD outstanding. When you multiply by 23, you’re right it would look on the high side, a couple things I will say here, number one is the average severity of the policies that are facing the COVID-19 are starting from 1819, we'd have a higher phase than the one we had as an NOD back in 2019. Those in 2019, were largely pre-2008. So you have to adjust for the level of coverage that has increased over the last 10-12 years. So that explains one why the 23 would be higher than 1113 historically. The second part of your question, which was where should it go, and this is where it's more art than science. Josh. We hear you. We are cautiously optimistic that it may not come to pass in terms of needing the reserves, and hopefully some of it will cure better than we anticipated. But I just want to remind everyone on call and as we remind ourselves all the time, it's that this is a political positioning. Things could change very quickly from the FHFA, the GSEs, or the housing department. So we need to be really careful and we've never been through that kind of event. So we are Arch as you know, and we will take a cautious, prudent approach to reserving. And if we happen not to need those reserves, as we do, typically, we'll be taking them by the hand from the liability side down to the capital side. We're not going to have let them stranded for a long time. But again, so much so many uncertainties Josh. We understand your puzzling. This is a very unusual situation for the industry. Therefore we have to and that's what we appear probably to be a little bit unusual in that we're reserving it.
Marc Grandisson: Right. That makes sense to me. So it's a really very astute question Josh because we're keeping track of the renewal rate versus a new business rate level. And symptomatic or as a representation of the hardening market, the pricing of the new business is coming higher than the renewal business and that's sort of speaks to the fact that they need a new home and they need to be re-priced, and people sort of get tired of that relationship and that goes back through them back into either the ENS or the mid market. So right now, we're still seeing, on average, the new business price better than renewal business.
Marc Grandisson: I would like to think we're better than the average guy out there. But the truth I think, overall, the dislocation was much larger in 2020. I think you're still seeing some dislocation right now. It's certainly not, there is still some repositioning of limits provided the market by a lot of players still as we speak. And I think what explains our ability to grow is, first we have a really well established presence and we were very underweight Tracy, historically. We are really, really a good market for people that want a good security for products such as DNO for instance, right. We're really good home for someone to take on new as an insurer, and we're sort of better we're definitely benefiting from that as an incumbent with a good quality, good reputation as we do. And also, I think the other thing that I want to mention, we had said that last year, we were suffering a little bit from, from a travel, lack of traveling that impacted our travel portfolio. That certainly helps right Tracy, the fact that economy is reopening and people traveling a bit more. That also helps explain why we're able to grow a bit more than probably meet the average than the average would. Lastly, I would say that beyond just new business funding new homes I think they are programs were also going in programs, as you see this is very specialty, smaller risk. I think that again another example of programs, finding a new home going away from the existing incumbent, possibly because of our results in finding a new home and we're definitely on the receiving end of that relationship.
Marc Grandisson: No. We don't do that. No, we don't play that game. I think we would just be replacing most of our play typically on specialty lines Tracy is mid access versus second access is sort of what we play a lot of times and high access, of course, in certain our areas. So for the record Tracy we're not seeing any of the deductible being played out in the marketplace. And that's been fact, there are deductible increases, if anything else. We just see a lot of shortening of limit toward in the stacking. We saw that in 2020. It's ongoing as we speak, instead of adding stretch of 25. I'm talking about a larger placements. You'll have stretches of 10 or 5 or 5 or 10, really in 15, perhaps till saying but there's a lot more players needed to fill up the towers. That's definitely happening more so. It's still continuing to some extent less sort of in 2020.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I mean, the vast majority, and we'll talk to it obviously in the Q1 the vast majority is in short tail lines, I mean, I'd say probably 80% in short tail lines. Mostly property other than cat where we've grown a lot in the last couple of years, and while the tail is always a bit longer than we think it should be, it's still we have a pretty good idea to three years out after writing the policy or the account and we're seeing a lot of that coming through in this quarter, a bit of favorable development on prior year cats as well. And a bit on trade credit and surety from a few years ago where we had some reserves that proved out to be a bit more required. So we released those this quarter.
Marc Grandisson: I think that by virtue of well, first, I'm an optimist. I've always been an optimist. I've heard so many times over the last 27 years from some of our own underwriters that there will never be a hard market again. And when I hear this it's music to my ears because that means we're cruising for bruises. So I think that things will get better and get at some point. It may not be this quarter, but might at some point. Numbers speak for themselves. If you lose money every year people just get disenchanted and just walk away from. It's happened early storms in Europe, 92 Andrews earthquake in California 94, terrorist attack Katrina, Rita and Wilma. I mean there's always changes and it's not I rattled by five or six of them. And you got to believe that the world is a dangerous place Meyer. So I think something will happen and again losses don't necessarily change the market pricing, but perception of risk will and would. So maybe we're on this place where people say, you know what, why bother? And if that's the case, then that's in the demand for cat as protection is inelastic. So if supply shrinks then the demand will stay as is and pricing will therefore increase. So I'm an optimist. I'm not sure when it's going to happen, but I believe it will happen at some point.
Marc Grandisson: Well, it's that's a very good. I think the latter part is what we would do. But even we would also take a higher level of cushion margin of safety, if you will now reserving even in our renewal business. I think that we're reserving wise and loss ratio pick wise at Arch we tend to be more conservative and hope for the best. And hopefully, good news come down later. We're trying to figure out a way to have as much cushion as we can early on so that we're not surprised down the road. That's not changing. We say the same approach renewal or new business, right? Not much of a change.
Marc Grandisson: That's slowed down a little bit, but it's still happening. We're not seeing a return back to the market quite yet. It's going to take a little bit longer, we think.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think the 40% share would grow at an average sort of reinsurance market results. Why? Because we are writing business on the balance sheet of Watford. So you would expect that. I think that what you would also see is our collecting fees or for our efforts, a compensation for our efforts for Watford's that would be for the 100%. So I think that the overall return would be slightly better even though at least as you can appreciate with the accounting rules it might not show us such but I think that our results will be as good I would hope for if not better than our overall results. So it's definitely an a creative return generator for reinsurance platform. It's going to be hard to see.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, so a couple yes so 40%. Correct. The other income line is well, the fees are picked up by the reinsurance sector because it's for the underwriting services they provide to Watford. But you're correct in saying that the net equity picked up of the 40% that we own in Watford if you're modeling and what kind of combined ratio is it going to operate at, what kind of premium are you going to see in terms in the volume I would you're right. I mean, it's probably more and more over time, it's going to look more and more like archery, the reinsurance segment. The percentages we seed to Watford are not uniform across all our divisions, but directionally, I think that's a good way to think about it. And the other thing, too, which has somewhat been an issue with Watford is the performance of the investments. And that has, that's being a little bit as being addressed as we speak. I think there's a process underway to reduce the volatility from the investment portfolio of investment strategy at Watford. So think of it more as that, yes, a more less volatile stream of income with more reliance on underwriting income and less on investment income. And hopefully that gets you in a good place to start modeling out how Watford is going to play out for us or the 40% for Arch going forward.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I'd say first of all that question your fourth quarter, we're still in the 9% to 11% kind of tax rate for Arch in the fourth quarter. For 2022 and beyond and Marc will chime in its way too early. Unfortunately, we track it we look at all developments very carefully we're on top of things. And the reality is they change daily. So it's very hard for us at this point, to give you any kind of guidance or any expectations and what we think 2022 is going to look like. We will be more than happy to have a good discussion on the next call. But for now, it's we feel it's just premature to because we really don't know.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you so much for being here. We're going to be, going from watching some golf, Francois and I and happy 20 years and have a good weekend everyone. Thank you.
Francois Morin: And Jimmy in our industry and insurance you could win 95 lawsuits and lose 96 and it changes everything. So there's a lot of uncertainty in our space, even though we've been a good streak one change could change everything.
Francois Morin: That's a good question. I don't have it in front of me. We can circle back with you. I know we booked a few 100 million dollars last year and we paid some of that. I don't have the current figure, but we can give you that.
Francois Morin: Yes. That's very much in that vein, I think Marc made the point earlier. We're always looking to optimize the portfolio and certainly a lot of that is focused on capital deployment. We I think, made the point, last call that we had increased our quarter share percentages on the U.S. MI book at 71. So that's starting to play through basically and that is reflected. We are still very active in the Bellemeade space. So we're purchasing quite a lot there as well and I'd say those two things combined really explained why we have more ceded premium starting this quarter.
Francois Morin: Yes. And one thing I'll add quickly, I think, both depending on the mix of business of what you call the more established and the traditional insurers I mean workers comp and commercial auto typically will make up bigger shares of their portfolio. Auto is moving up nicely, but I would say that certainly comp is and had a really good period of excellent results. So rate increases on the comp side have been pretty flattish. So again that's probably worth adjusting for comp because it's such a big line for some of these carriers.
Francois Morin: Well, I mean, I'll take that, Brian, I think it's something we talked about with a board and between ourselves all the time. We had a pretty long discussion at our last board meeting on that. It's always on the table. I'd say right now I mean I think it's, I mean, the share buybacks that we went through this quarter were very attractive towards economics. We were very much I think they're easy to justify, justify sorry. But could we ever introduced a dividend? Certainly that's on the table. Not saying it's imminent, but it's something that we evaluate pretty much definitely regularity. And we'll keep looking at it.
Francois Morin: At least just to make the point about daily, literally last night our tax director, or this morning just sent us like there's a new proposal on the Hill that brings back shield and then corrects other things and then dispenses of other areas of the tax proposal in [OECD]. So, again, a moving target. It's politics. We will react to it when we do, when we see it.
Francois Morin: Well, let me start, I'd say we may see a little in the fourth quarter, but that will be, I don't think everything will be resolved. But I truly think that the first half of 22 is when you'll see most of the movement or the corrections and our assumptions and the link cure rates and mediation so I'd say we're going to start seeing some data as early as this month internally and the number of cures and people moving out of forbearance, but the way it's going to flow through our numbers, again, given some of the uncertainties that Marc talked about, I think will be first half of 22. And the reason also Matt has to be said and understood that they had 18 months of forbearance worth when you get into forbearance earlier in 2020. And some of them went into forbearance, came out of forbearance and went back in again, but they still get to get to do to benefit from 18 months was forbearance. That's why some of them will coming out of there 18 months in fourth quarter, and many of them in the first and second quarter next. So it seems like some of them were able to get back current for four or five months and went back to forbearance program. That's what we have this lengthy adjustment period.
