Marc Grandisson: Now, so we don't keep anyone from their lunch, which we know is very important to Dinos. Onto your questions.
Marc Grandisson: Well, like I said – well, good morning, Elyse. I think the point we made last quarter, the quarter before is that the casualty turn and realizing actually how much well or bad you're doing in casualty line takes a while. It has a tail to it. It could take five or six years. So I think we're seeing the – we start to see the early signs of more recent years being a bit more impacted by the inflation that we saw of late. And I think that it will take a while. People are trying to adjust. We're trying to look at the numbers in the triangles that are actually not as good as they used to be. So there's a lot of uncertainty in the space. And I think it will take us several quarters to come to a more stable or a better view of the industry. So the last hard market in casualty started to turn in 2000. And it took until about 2004 to really see the impact and sort of running out of – having to price and rate increase after that point. So it takes several years. Unlike the property cat right at least 2022 something happened at the bottom in the fall, will right away that people are adjusting because the cost of goods sold or losses are known. So this is not surprising to me. I'm expecting a bit more – we're expecting a bit more. We're seeing it through our reinsurance emissions. I think people are slowly, but surely recognizing some of these bad years, but it takes a while.
Marc Grandisson: Well, as you know, Elyse, we report the numbers as we see it based on the data that we see. That sort of seems to be the emerging sort of rough average over the last couple of years. There's also a mix going on, Elyse. So things are shifting, as you know, from time to time. So it's hard to compare combined ratio. But right now, based on where we are, it's well within the expectation of getting the returns. And our returns on insurance, we believe are in excess of our long-term target.
Marc Grandisson: And what I would add to what Francois just said, and as you know, Jimmy, we're a cycle manager. We also didn't write as much in even the year that we believe are now still very soft year. So that also prevents you from having to – to having outsized no surprise.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Well, first, Josh, is I'd probably raised my memory what we did wrong in 2004 and 2005, but thanks for reminding me. What I would tell you, Josh, is we talk about this at underwriting meetings. Our underwriters and our underwriting executives are acutely aware of that phenomenon. We also have to remind ourselves that pricing is going up as we talked about, specifically non-casualty, which seems to be the more acute area. I think it will take a longer time to go down or it takes longer to take down, right. It goes up in an elevator and goes on an escalator. So that's probably why we would expect the market to be. I think we're aware of this. Now we have more data, we have more experience, we have an existing platform, underwriters. Many of them have been there through those years. So very confident that we will be more judicious, if you will, in terms of holding the line when the market gets a little bit softer. In terms of growth, we still have like close to 11% growth in P&C, which is a big feat. It's still – it's a very, very good growth. But as I said in my comments, and you probably heard already, Josh, the market is a little bit more reaching equilibrium in terms of supply and demand for the risk. So the question that we have to ask ourselves all the time is, if we push too hard, we might dilute the broader margin and return expectations in the marketplace. So we take this. And not only us, by the way, I think the market is broadly very, very widely behaving the same way. People want to make sure that they get it right and nobody wants to be the first one running out and doing something that will probably jeopardize or not jeopardize, but maybe take down the returns expectations. So it's just that kind of the market, Josh. The equilibrium on the supply and demand for capacity is just coming back more to a more normal level. It's still on the side of the underwriters, but it's clearly moving in a more equilibrium state.
Marc Grandisson: I'll start with the second part of your question. You're exactly right. I think that I said that the large accounts, there are at the ground zero for pressure points on the losses because they're deeper pockets, right? They are larger limits, bigger enterprises, more complex cases and more attractive to the plaintiff lawyers. But you're right, we've seen, as well as everyone else, pressure building commercial auto as well, even of all sizes also going through a similar process. And it impacts, obviously, the umbrella portfolio. But you're quite right. We're sort of a second round sort of the rippling effect starting in ground zero, which is always a larger account, and it's sort of slowly, but surely ripples through the market, and we're starting to see this impact on the smaller packages as well. Smaller policies as well have lower limits. So it's probably easier – well, it seems to be currently in the space, you heard this too, I'm sure, the $1 million limit is what it used to be. So there's probably more of a pressure to pay the full limit as opposed to before maybe the industry was more willing to fight or push back. But again, the $1 million because of all the inflation has changed. In terms of reserve review, I'll say it, but we do a quarterly review of our reserving of every line of business that we do. Our actuaries review it every single time. And we have a change of loss ratio that we get reported on every line of business and sub-line quarterly for all the units that we look at. The one thing that we have as an added benefit at Arch is we have also – we have the insurance group and the reinsurance company, so we're able to compare at the high level of the holding company, Francois and I, as to what the trends are developing and what they're looking like. So it's a constant – I think what we used – what we may have said to you is we used to do an annual trend analysis. Now it's becoming a twice-a-year analysis, and it might accelerate as well. And I would assume that most people are using the same frequency because as we talk about all the time, reserving feed into pricing.
Marc Grandisson: I think – yes. No, I think – no, again, repeating what we said before, and it's always hard to appreciate from your perspective, I'm sure, is that the Reinsurance has more volatility into it. So we tend to look at this on a longer-term average. So sometimes, we have a quarter – I remind everyone here, sometimes we have a quarter where the combined – the current accident year, ex-cap combined ratio and reinsurance goes up a little bit and people say it's a trend, but it's very hard to see this in Reinsurance. Sometimes it's above, sometimes it's below. I think this quarter, frankly, we had no lower attritional losses across the Reinsurance portfolio. And this is what – this what explains that. But if you look on a 12-month basis, it's not as drastic of a move.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it would, right? Because by virtue of having house price appreciation, you therefore increase your equity in your home. And the equity in the home is by far the lag thereof is a leading indicator as to whether you're going to have a foreclosure or a loss in your policy. And most of the policies, even if you had another 3% to 4%, whatever we're expecting, next year maybe 4.5% of HPA appreciation, the equity were built. And what happens – and it's very simple, right? The reason why equity matters is because, well, if you're running into trouble, the divorce, you're losing your job, you don't want to lose the equity in the home, you can just turn around and sell it to somebody else and then recapture at least a portion, if not all of the equity that you've built into it that something that people will do in and that the healthy market supply and demand market is such that you'll be able to sell your home with – and capture that equity even after some expenses. So that's what happens on HPA. If it goes too wild like it did in 2007, 2008, but it got into trouble for different reasons altogether. I think the credit space and the weighted mortgages have been originated over the last several years. HPA going up right now would be helpful. It's definitely helpful for us as an MI provider.
Marc Grandisson: I'm going to say this is one of the easiest answer, yes and yes to both of your questions, yes and yes. Yes, yes, we believe we took a conviction that there was a heightened – higher likelihood of frequency of events. And you're right, and it could change. This will be a short-term perspective, and this will help inform whatever new vision or new projection and new belief we have will help us make a decision as we get into 1/1 2025 after the wind season is over. Mind you, the business is still very good even with our increased frequency. So it's still a very, very good book of business. We just wanted to have the right balance.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, well, on the CrowdStrike, I mean we're still gathering information on our units, want to figure out what's out there and it's not only the – necessarily the cyber, but there might be some other lines of business. So we're just going through it as we speak. It's still kind of hard to disentangle. I mean some people are claiming some losses. They're not insured. So there's a lot of things going on. I think we tend to agree broadly with the market view that $500 million, $600 million to $1.2 billion. That's sort of – it's still a wide range at this point in time. It's going to take a while to know how it develops. I think I would want to – I mean it's not a big number in terms of loss ratio points for all the premium worldwide for cyber, but it's certainly a reminder that there's risk in the portfolio. And it's early now, we haven't seen them any renewals, but I would expect rates could still go down a little bit, but probably not as fast as they were going down. And people are going to probably take a bit of a more of a pause, if you will, to evaluate what it looks like. It can go either way, right? If CrowdStrike does not create a big loss, that might reinforce to believe that it's not as risky. Although, having that event, which was not malicious, happened out of nowhere, and we were all like out of – unable to work for a day, I think it's a good reminder of people that there's still uncertainty and there's some loss potential there.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, there's a lot of things in the professional lines. It's kind of hard to disentangle from your perspective. But at a high level, D&O, we're reacting to what's out there. We're still maintaining our positioning. Cyber, we're still making exposure. Rates still go down, so that would go the other way. Health care, we like a lot. So we've grown that book of business. This is within the professional lines. And there's been some re-underwriting of some areas, if you will, at a high level that were not performing as well. So there's a lot of things going on all at once. I think what you're seeing, it was not the 300 – the flattish number is really a sum total of many decisions that were independent from one another. That's really what you can read into this.
Marc Grandisson: Well, it's – in there, there's a lot of different lines, but there's a lot of quota share, some risk excess. We also have a facultative book in there as well. And all these units are taking advantage of the hard market still to this day and picking their spots. And we think the return expectations is not as cat exposed within – there is some cat exposure there, obviously. But we believe the returns are just very, very accretive and very, very favorable. Some of them are opportunistic by nature, right? We might be doing a specific deal in some specific payroll because we think the market is hard as we speak. So some of that was also factored in our writing. So it's a really broad line of business. As you can see, we love that line. We love the opportunities there. It's a little bit more complicated, I would say, to underwrite than a property cat – pure property cat book of business, but we've had the expertise and the knowledge and the willingness to do this for a long time, and we're – we really like to – we'd like to be exposed and do more of that line of business in that current return expectations.
Marc Grandisson: Well, I think, Brian, it's also dependent on the opportunity that we have ahead of us, and we can certainly attract people to help us do any other integration. We have a team between us leading the effort on Allianz also were instrumental in integrating guaranteed way back in 2017, 2018. So we have already some good experience there. So I think we have enough bandwidth for what we're doing now quickly. And if something were to happen right, Francois, was really accretive and interesting, we would find a way to do this. I think that we're not there to work at the time. If something is very favorable to us, we'll expand the effort and the work that needs to get this done.
Marc Grandisson: No, I think that if you look at a high level, I think our exposure was – is more stable. It may have grown a little bit even on a gross basis, but what happened is we just shaped it through retrocession purchases. That's really what we did. And that's how we got back to a more reasonable and more acceptable level of PML.
Marc Grandisson: Not really. I mean the third-party capital that we hear – again, even those third parties, there's a healthy level of rationality in the behavior. So we haven't seen, like I said before, crazy players or mavericks in the marketplace. It's a pretty well-behaved marketplace.
Francois Morin: Great question. I think – I mean, I and many others have been wrong about taking a forward-looking view of releases on – or favorable development on mortgage in general. I think, right, stepping back, I'd say that early in 2020 – late 2022, early 2023, we are more cautious about the state of the economy and took a view about new notices and average reserves that we are attaching to these notices that was a bit more that didn't turn out to be the case, right? They turnout to be better than what we had expected at that time. The fact that we just had another quarter of more – better cure activity. I don't think a lot of these cures this quarter were related to the 2023 accident year. So we're more positive, I think, I'd say in general about the housing market. So the level of reserving that we're attaching to the new delinquencies is a bit lower than it was a year ago. So maybe directionally, we would not expect to have the same level of reserve releases going forward. But again, not knowing for sure how quickly people are going to cure unemployment, et cetera, I mean, that will be – that will have an impact on the level of reserve releases.
Francois Morin: Yes. Let me take a stab on that. I'm sure Marc will have something to add. I'd say on the part two your question, Jimmy, I'd say the book of business that we have is – I wouldn't call it a standard commercial general liability book of business that some other competitors have. We don't write a whole lot of commercial auto, for example. So that's another line of business that's been a difficult line to get a good handle on the trends and how inflation has picked up in there. So the books that we have in general liability, a, I think, are smaller. Certainly, we think, underweight in those lines of business. Roughly speaking, our insurance book is like, call it, less than 15% what we consider to be of our overall premium, what we consider to be traditional casualty in the GL lines of business. So the mix matters. Certainly, the areas where we write, the business matters. I mean we have an international book within that. So it's not only U.S. where I think we've seen more pain. And then in terms of the favorable – the movements in the quarter, I think, yes, in aggregate, we were favorable, mostly in the short-tail lines. On the longer tail lines, which is primarily GL, I think we were pretty flat. I think it's something we look at carefully. Some noise here and there. But collectively, in aggregate, we're very comfortable with the level of reserves. And so far, our numbers are holding up pretty well.
Francois Morin: Yes. I mean that – the philosophy has not changed, right? I'd say, certainly, we are on track to close the Allianz acquisition tomorrow, so that will certainly be a draw on that capital base that we have. We are also entering the active wind season, so we'll want to take a look at what – how that develops. But absolutely, going forward, the fact that we historically have been very – I think, very good stewards of capital, we like to deploy it in the business where we can. But if there are no opportunities beyond what we – what's in front of us, in the coming months, we'll do what we've always done is return that capital, and it could be in the form of share buybacks or dividends or any other method.
Francois Morin: Well, I mean, first, on the Allianz transaction, we disclosed that we were – the rough numbers of capital that we were going to deploy in that transaction is $1.8 billion, which is the premium we're paying to acquire the asset and also the capital that we need to deploy to support the LPT that's coming our way immediately and then the ramp-up of the new business or the renewals that will end up on our balance sheet. So sizable number. And that is so far – I mean, as far as we know, I mean, there's – things are on track to be kind of at that level. To your point, yes, we – I mean, returns have been excellent, and we're very – we're proud of that. But we're not going to accumulate capital just that we can't deploy forever. So the reality is if you give us another couple of quarters maybe, but I mean, we'll definitely have a better view of where things stand by later this year. And then Marc has been talking about the casualty can pick up potentially. So if that accelerates in the third and fourth quarters and early next year, then we want to have the capital ready to deploy there. So that's certainly how we think about a big picture, but it's an ongoing discussion we have here.
Francois Morin: Yes. The one quick thing just to add on reserving, we monitor actual versus expected experience quarterly. That's a big part of the process. And not only do we do it against our own expectations but we monitor against our external actuaries expectations. So we got two views of how independent groups of actuaries think business or the reserves should develop over time. And that certainly informs the action we take every quarter. And to Marc's point, that's done in all the business units regularly.
Francois Morin: Yes. I'd add to that also, the cat load that we reported or we kind of quoted earlier this year, I mean, we have a view on seasonality when these losses may or may not hit. I mean it's imprecise. Does it happen second quarter? Does it happen third quarter? It's a little bit of a – there's historical data to support that. But big picture, again, what we experienced this quarter was not unexpected. Was not – it was very much within what we thought was reasonable given the growth in the size of the book, the fact that it's broader, it's not only U.S., a lot of international and the different types of exposures that we reinsure primarily, yes.
Francois Morin: Yes. I think the A versus C work, it's done by line, by year. So yes, there's pockets where – I mean, it's puts and takes, right. There's some that we run favorable, some that there could be a year for when claim shows up and it's going to show adverse. But both quarter-to-date and year-to-date, in aggregate, both by segment, we are running ahead of expectations, which we didn't take the full credit for that. Some of that favorable experience is showing up in their actually favorable prior year development. But the indications are giving us a lot of comfort that our reserve base and our reserve levels are adequate to pay the claims. Absolutely, your question on patterns, that is – I mean, there's a good attempt – good-faith attempt to adjust the patterns with the experience that we have. Again, both internally and the advice or the opinions we get from external actuaries. So that's factored into the expectations that claims may be – may take longer to develop. And we understand that it's an evolving situation. I mean that seems that the patterns are changing over time, but that is fully kind of considered in those numbers.
Francois Morin: Yes. And I'll add to that quickly. Just on the accounting side, it's important to remember that the property cat line of business is mostly on an XOL basis where we write all the premium on day one versus this property other than property cat line where the component that is on a quota share basis, the premium is written evenly throughout the exposure period. So they could very well be – there's accounts that we wrote at 1/1, for example, that the ramp-up of that premium is taking place over the four quarters of 2024 as we write the premium. So a little bit of a different kind of accounting policy on those types of reinsurance agreements, and that certainly has an impact on how it shows up in the quarterly numbers.
Francois Morin: Well, the investments that we made through this quarter are not related to that, right? So they are other opportunities, other efforts that we have underway that were predictive analytics, some tech companies that we've invested in. So we feel it's the right time for us to make those investments given how strong the returns are. And we'll see how those develop over time, maybe they slow down the road. But for now, we're very comfortable with the level of investments we're making. In terms of Allianz, just we'll give you more information as we move forward, but there will certainly be some integration expenses that will come through in the insurance segment, specifically going forward. Some of those expenses that will be kind of onetime, and we'll probably report those as part of a transaction cost and others. So that will clarify that for everybody once we close and after we have a time to – some time to digest it. But yes, the investments so far this quarter are for other initiatives.
Francois Morin: That has been our practice. It's not a hard and fast rule. I think it's been the practice historically. But again, that's part of the framework of how we evaluate kind of various alternatives. Could we think about extending the payback at some point? And the answer is maybe.
Francois Morin: I mean these opportunities were – I mean, actually geography-specific and segment specific. So the Allianz acquisition is purely insurance North America. So that absolutely has taken center stage. But if we were to do some other M&A in other parts of the world in the reinsurance segment, that could be a different team most likely that would contribute.
Francois Morin: Not materially because it's not as much in our peak zone. The book is more diversified, more Midwest, more California, less Florida, which is our peak zone. So in terms of the 1-in-250, marginal impact.
