Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think -- thanks Elyse for the question. I think that the two numbers appear to be the same level, but they're actually coming from a different source. The $800 million that you referred to that could be let's say, it's a great number for the next three quarters will be incurred losses. And against that you have to put premium. And if you look at our RDS scenario, we actually look at the rollout of all the claims paid in the future and we offset it by all the premiums that we would receive and this is what constitutes the PML. So they're very different. One is a net P&L impact. The other one is the incurred loss of the $800 million you mentioned the first time around.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. There are many assumptions, but at a high level decrease in-house price 25% below fundamental, so 25% from now going down and staying there for two to three years. Interest rates shooting up 7% or 8% that these are major -- the two major ones that unemployment of course lasting longer. The length of time that our RDS is stressing our portfolio when we go through it is a much longer period than even the 2007 crisis would have generated. To the delinquency equivalent, it's something more like 9% ultimate claims rate. It's hard for me to parse out what is delinquency versus conversion to claims. So, at a high level we prefer to think in terms of claims rate. So, the portfolio as it stands right now, if you run it off and 9% of it were to default that will be equivalent to the RDS net that we have which is significantly above what we expect right now just to -- just for your benefit which is significantly above what we expect to happen for the next 12 months.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think – yes, the comment had to do with insurance, which as you can appreciate the vast majority or more than the vast majority of what we do has an exclusion for viral -- it is a virus exclusion. On the reinsurance, it's still early, right? We still have to figure out what the BI losses are going to be if they come to fruition for our clients. And then they'll have to go through and say, whether there's protection on the risk or quota share or for that matter excess of loss on a cat basis. So this is going to play out over the next several quarters. A lot of contracts have hours clause for those kinds of events. There'll be a lot of discussions back and forth as to when do we start counting, how do we count them. So there's a lot more uncertainty and some other folks in the industry, I've echoed the same comments that it's going to be a little bit longer to figure out what it means, because in general, the contracts are not written to cater for those kinds of event. There's not a specific virus protection. It's really meant primarily to be a property coverage by and large from -- I'm talking from cat-excessive loss perspective. So people will have to sift through the language and see what it means to each and every one of them.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. At a high level about 15%, 1-5 of the increase in premium came through acquisition. Barbican is definitely one of them. We also had acquired a team on credit and surety from Aspen towards the second half of last year. That's about 1-5, 15%. 25% is due to rate. The rate increase this quarter across our P&C was between 5% and 10%. So it's actually better than the fourth quarter of 2019, and the rest 60% is truly growth in exposure new business one-offs or unique situations or opportunities one of which François mentioned in his comments.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Clearly, we had played the MI market. We still are in the market very involved. We were by and large a lot more allocation of capital to the MI always with the lookout as you guys know us, but it's something were to develop and get better on the other side and more the very important piece of what we do every day the P&C that we would shift and allocate more capital there. And I think as we look through the first quarter and the perspectives, we have business reviews with everyone and understanding and hearing even after COVID-19. Even though there might be a little bit of a dip in premium in the second and third quarter, it's clear that opportunities are there. And our first mission as François mentioned is to deploy capital. This is what I believe our shareholders want us to do is to deploy capital towards insurance underwriting. And I think we have an increased level of opportunities that wasn't there six months or nine months ago. So capital. And as I said, capital becomes very important as we go through the next year or so. So we'll be able to deploy it and make hopefully great returns for our shareholders.
Marc Grandisson: Well right now based on what we see in terms and conditions and opportunities, the answer is, yes, we should expect that to happen. Absent as I said, the market getting a bit softer in terms of GDP, because of exposure stagnating for a while. But yes by and large, our focus is to play more offense on the P&C side both insurance and reinsurance.
Marc Grandisson: So the first question is, I don't know when it's going to come back. We expect this to come back. I think there was a healthy market, a healthy level of interest before COVID-19. So we would expect that to come back when things gone back to some more normalcy of sort. But time is ahead of us. We don't know when that's going to happen. And if it were to come back, I guess the question will be an economic decision, right? If it does fit within our return and risk profile, we would continue doing those transactions the way we did. We might do more, we might do a bit less. So it will be depending on our view of the pricing and what kind of recovery we get from this. I do believe as a general rule that our risk management mantra is still important. We like to have some downside protection. And I think this proves very useful in these events of late that they would come in and play a big part in supporting us if things were to go a little bit worse than we would expect them to do so. So I would argue that there's definitely a price, at which things or conditions, at which things are a bit difficult to do but I would expect us to still do them within reason for this reason I just mentioned.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah. I mean, just sorting the case. What I would add to this though Ron is you have followed the fortunes in many contracts on a quota share and risk excess. So -- and on natural perils, I don't think it's a majority of the coverage that are purchased right now. I think it's a little bit different. I think the -- it's also different in the U.S. versus international. But I think that we'll expect a lot of discussions, because I'm not sure it's as natural peril specific as you think it could be. It was a softer reinsurance market for a while. So when that happens, conditions tend to be a bit broader than one would expect.
Marc Grandisson: Well, yeah, that's a good question. It's not really workers comp exposed. So that piece we can take off. It doesn't really have maturity of credit lines. The lines that we could think it's -- it would be exposed to is property. And almost the totality of all the policies exclude -- have a viral -- virus exclusion. So that should not be a significant contributor to the loss experience on the programs business.
Marc Grandisson: Three questions in there. That's pretty cool. I'm trying to keep it up, so you tell me if I'm wrong on this one. The number one had to do with the origination going forward, right? So the -- what we can tell you is the industry, we don't know, but the industry consensus seems to be 20% less production this year. What that means for us and the market I mean we follow along. We have about one-third -- if you look at the MBA, 35% penetration of mortgage insurance, 45% private MI so you can follow through, so about 18% to 20% decrease, so if all else being equal, we should expect lesser production from that perspective. And you're right, I think we are still continuing -- we're continuing to see a lot of refinancing, although there's a glut and there's a lot of movement and a lot of things that are blocked actually at the origination of the mortgage originators, because there's so much demand for that, due to the historically very low mortgage rates. But we do actually see some purchasing happening. But I think it's going to be -- it's going to be probably more along the lines of the last -- rolling rate over the last three quarters. I think is what we should expect. So again, it's hard to tell if the purchase market is going to come back, in wild fashion. But certainly there is a lot of pent-up demand out there, which also helps the house price index. We believe the house prices are going to go down, not as much as you might think maybe in a single-digit percentage over this year because of all the pent-up demand, so, which talks to the purchasing market being still there, its not gone altogether. I think the article this morning in Wall Street Journal, that there's a lot of -- there's a good pricing sustained, as a result of higher demand for housing. That's the second part. The third part which was about the pricing, of course right we look at -- I mean, the things have changed. We look at things in a different light with the risk -- different risk characteristics. We went through more than once through our portfolio, on our risk-based pricing and our various assumptions and parameters. And we're making adjustments, as we see it appropriate, across the industry. I do want to think that the MI industry sees it as a, hey! There's a bit more risk. There's a bit more losses. So maybe we should do something about it. And I do expect them to follow suit in general. We do have indication that people are -- have increased their expected loss in their pricing.
Marc Grandisson: No. It's very, very well put. I think this is exactly -- I mean, I think, two years ago, I would have said to you that, except for a few spots on the -- on P&C insurance and reinsurance that, the MI provided by far superior return. So when we rank order things, François and I go through it. And our executive team go through it. We rank order the three businesses, the investment, in repurchasing shares MI was up there. And it has been there for quite a while. And I think, it's -- our loss expectation is probably not as low. It's probably modified somewhat. So, depending on the pricing going forward, we'll see how that falls out. But clearly, the returns from the P&C unit has been inflating and then, putting them higher in the positioning -- the relative positioning for capital allocation, without a doubt.
Marc Grandisson: And the other piece I would add to this, François is that, there are other lines of business Meyer we have these three data that we can point to and say this is what we think we would expect this to develop to. And one example is trade credit. We have a small portfolio but we did actually do proactively, reflect the fact that we might -- we're expecting an increased level of claims for the -- based on what we write this year. So that's something that we pick our loss ratio, specifically. So most of them on the property side I agree absolutely, what François said we did more granularly at a level the claims level the portfolio level. And I think we've taken a loss ratio approach to the other lines of business where we've seen historically losses emerge as a result of events, such as this one.
Marc Grandisson: So, everything is a lot too early at this point in time, right? They themselves are going through evaluating and looking at this and our -- as you know, we made that investment with a long-term strategic vision. We also know that they are -- they have been proactive in many things. And we also know that the credit -- that the credit quality of what they had underwritten through the end of last year was -- is also different as well than what it was in 2008. So we're trying to triangulate all these things. We still have a lot of process to go through from a regulatory perspective. We expect to receive this towards the end of the year. So that's all I'm going to say about Coface, is we are sort of monitoring staying close to it and see what we're going to do about it if we do anything about it.
Marc Grandisson: At a very high level, Brian, if you think of the Bellemeade retention and we talk about this amongst ourselves is that, we have about $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion of retention. So that sort of gives you a sense for how many -- how much losses we would need to go through to start to get some recovery. So that -- I think, that should give you $1 billion a year premium earned. So that gives you some kind of benchmark. I think we're trying to figure a way -- we'll talk to Don, obviously, and François. We'll try to find a way to make it a bit more clear to everyone, because it's not an easy thing to explain. But, I think, at a high level, what we just said to you is true, that the level of retention is high enough that we don't expect it in the next couple of years. Yes.
Marc Grandisson: We're just assuming -- we apply a forbearance rate and then we apply conversion from forbearance to claims that we would do. And the severity is pretty close to 100% on most of those cases. So it's really more binary than you might think it is. So there's not much -- I mean the two big variables are really the forbearance and our view of the conversion from forbearance to claim, ultimately, which is very uncertain at that point in time.
Marc Grandisson: But -- Mark just to make sure it's clear to you because you did ask specifically how do we develop our scenario. And we have -- we do go at the individual loan level with the risk characteristics and applying assumptions and shock on the unemployment and whatever else you have around house price index. And we go through the lifetime of that loan and see what's going to result. You can think of it as the ladders series -- series of ladders going forward decision tree of sort. And then at the end we come up with the ultimate projection of the claims based on the assumption that we had. So that was a bottom-up approach we did. And we verified this at least try to get some perspective from a top-down approach which François mentioned the Moody's S3 and S4. So -- and those seem to converge very nicely and by coincidence I would add to a similar number for ultimate claims.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So Mark, I would add to this to be cautious -- to be very cautious when we compare the development of the GSEs versus now again having more of a front-loading of reported delinquencies that could -- from there to your point go plus or minus, but a lot more front-loading of delinquencies recognized at the beginning than it was in 2007 and 2008 where it took a while for the claim -- took like two, three years for real delinquencies to really pick up and peak. So it takes a while to get there. I don't think we're going to see that this time around. I think we should expect more of a front-loading, which means a little bit more activity from a loss perspective in the first -- in the next couple of quarters.
Marc Grandisson: Yes true. I think that it's unchartered territories as well for the GSEs. I think there are a lot of discussions between the MIs and the GSEs and the FHFA to try to figure out. So I don't have an answer to this one Geoff.
Marc Grandisson: Yes I think – yes that's a good question. I think you were right on the forbearance comment. I don't think – we don't think it's going to 5% or 6%. I think if you ask us we're – our modeling is pretty much like 15%. That's sort of what we would expect forbearance to peak at. And then the question remains to your point about the conversion which is the one that is so hard as you know to pin down. But we can use something between one in seven to one in 10. There's no real reason to that other than it seems to be in the ballpark of what we would expect. If we look at the current annuities or the current delinquencies as you know Geoff, the ultimate claims rate that we ascribed as an industry is closer to 7% or 8%. So to go to a 14% or 15% does not seem too crazy right now. The biggest one – so we – the sort of what we use I think if you look at the S3 that's sort of where our assumption sort of would converge to, if you will. You all know that model. So this is pretty much where we are. I think the biggest thing that we'll have to debate for the next several quarters is how do we convert from forbearance to claim. That's going to be as you know the biggest question mark that we'll have to go through.
Marc Grandisson: Higher, higher than normal. If normal is 7% of one in 14, right now one in 13 on new delinquencies, I would expect it to be one in seven or one in six, one in eight. That's what sort of what the model implies. I'm not saying this is what's going to happen but you're asking about the parameters of the deal and this is what – of the modeling.
Marc Grandisson: Geoff, I think you've asked about MSRs as well. So I think we're starting to evaluate all these things. Nothing is -- but everything again is on the table. We're looking at everything.
Marc Grandisson: I mean is that correct, Geoff? I mean I heard QSR. Did we answer your question Geoff? I just want to make sure we answered it correctly.
Marc Grandisson: This is the model. You're stress testing it while you stress -- you're pushing for the scenarios, because it's so uncertain. But who knows, right? It's an opinion.
Marc Grandisson: Well, it's not a high number of claims, so that's not a massive amount. We have about $250 million of reserves or something like this. And François will correct me, if I'm wrong on this one. But I do believe that there is -- a lot of them also are older vintage so have been in and out of delinquency. Some of them are coming back in and out of cure. So, we're -- if there is pressure going forward, typically it will impact not only the more recent bookings. It will -- it would impact all prior book years that you have. And specifically, those are currently in delinquency, because it does -- they may not be the ones that can avail themselves of the forbearance program. They may have been in default before that event occurred. And they might be in a worse position than most borrowers, if they're currently -- they were delinquent at the end of 2019. So, yes, it would tend to ascribe a higher possible incidents to those claims.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much everyone. Stay safe out there. We're looking forward to have more to report and talk about at the second quarter. In the meantime be good. Thank you.
François Morin: Yes. I mean just to clarify I think, it's really a difference between the next nine months versus the full runoff of the in-force portfolio. As we think of the remainder of 2020 what -- the comment I made was really underwriting income meaning premiums minus losses minus expenses. And we're saying, we don't expect a whole lot of underwriting income for the remainder of 2020. When we think about the RDS, fundamentally to get to a similar let's say an $800 million number that you quote of RDS. What that would mean was really -- would be a much larger incurred loss because we expect to have material premium flows or premium income coming to us in future calendar years which may be five, seven, 10 years. So, it's just -- the RDS is really a full comprehensive premium and gain/loss -- underwriting income across the full runoff of the in-force portfolio.
François Morin: Well, two things that just for -- I think good points of clarification for you guys. First of all, the Bellemeade protections as you probably do know amortize over time. But there's a trigger on them that basically once you exceed a certain level of delinquencies, they stop amortizing. And that we think we expect will happen most likely sometime in 2020, and maybe in the second quarter maybe in the third quarter maybe later. And that will basically freeze at least for some period the amount of covereds that is available to us, and would remain most likely for the duration of each of those structures. But to answer I think more directly to your question, we do not expect under most scenarios that we would trigger the coverage of the provided by the Bellemeade protection. So the $3 billion of excess of loss cover that we talk about, we know is available, we know it's there. But at this time under most scenarios, we don't expect to pierce the attachment that we would -- where we would actually fully -- well, we'd start to receive coverage or cede some of our exposures.
François Morin: Yes. It's certainly more of the former. So right we do expect the reality given the forbearance programs that have been in place we expect a higher than normal flow of delinquencies to be reported to us. Some people are just taking advantage of the programs just to be safe and they'd rather just play safe and not take the risk of falling behind on their mortgage payments. So what we expect will happen, we haven't seen much of it yet but we do expect -- I mean, that will pick up in Q2 and Q3 is that we will have to -- we will receive these delinquencies. When we come to the end of Q2, we'll have to assess what kind of reserves, we'll set on those delinquencies. We'll make determinations on the probability that those will actually cure based on the information, we'll have in front of us at that time. It's too early today to tell you what that will look like. But certainly based on the fact that we expect just an elevated number of delinquencies to be reported to us that will just by nature trigger us. We will reserve for those delinquencies and we'll incur some losses. Whether those will translate into claims paid ultimately, we don't know. Time will tell, but that's really just how we think that the accounting will work at least in the year -- I mean, certainly for the next few quarters.
François Morin: Yes. I mean to answer your question, the answer is yes the -- it's actually in the wording in PMIERs that when there's a FEMA-designated zone, the capital requirements of -- for delinquencies are reduced by 70%. So -- and given that all 50 states have actually declared -- have been declared a FEMA disaster zone. Currently, we are adjusting at the end -- starting at the end of March and going forward, we're adjusting the PMIERs capital requirements to reflect that haircut I'd say on the capital charges for delinquent loans. There's a bit of a discussion going on with FHFA around how long that will be available. I think the industry and FHFA are working together on that and the GSEs to come up to clarify everything. I think there's a bit of some technicalities and maybe it wasn't I'd say perfectly considered or awarded in the wording of the PMIERs, but still we think that they'll -- we expect that the call it the haircut on the capital charges will remain in place until we're -- we have a bit more visibility on how some of those loans will cure and go back to performing.
François Morin: Yes. Well I'd flip it a little bit on you. I'd like to think we played a fair amount of offense in Q1 on the P&C side. So I think our view is that we -- again we said it before we like optionality. And the fact that we have a strong balance sheet, we want to keep it that way. We want to be able to take advantage of opportunities that may surface. So does COVID change the playbook? Not per se, but we think there will be probably a fair amount of disruption that's going to emerge in -- through the end of 2020 and maybe beyond. So that's really -- that's the Arch playbook and Marc can chime in, but that's really how we think about having the opportunity or the ability to execute on those opportunities.
François Morin: Well, I mean roughly speaking if we -- I mean if we extrapolate for the year for the -- we're saying the remainder of the year is going to be call it 100 combined ratio just to be on the safe. So if you annualize the minus 25% expense ratio ballpark, it gets you a 75% loss ratio plus or minus.
François Morin: Very hard to know. I mean we -- I mean, it depends on how quickly the delinquencies are going to show up. If all the delinquencies show up in Q2 when they start right -- you could see a scenario where people missed their first mortgage payment on April 1. They missed their second payment on May 1. And along the way they told their servicer that they want to take advantage of the forbearance program, we could expect a significant amount of delinquencies to show up in Q2 not as much as Q3. It might be a flip-flop. People might try to keep making payments and call their servicer in July. I don't know. So it's very much a function of how quickly we think the delinquencies are going to show up that will dictate a bit more the volatility from quarter-to-quarter in 2020 on how the call it the calendar quarter loss ratios are going to look like.
François Morin: Well, I'll start. And I'm sure Marc will chime in. As you know it's – again, we said it's very early, but where we have taken some books and reserves on -- particularly I mean on property right is there are certainly a very small subset of our policies that, don't have an exclusion. So, for those we felt it's prudent to -- we expect losses to come through and we booked the ID&R to go against those policies. And those are generally outside of the U.S. I mean they are outside of the U.S. So, it's in the U.K., it's in Canada, on the insurance side. And we also have a small amount in some property fact deals that may specifically cover pandemic. And we expect that some of these -- some of the certificates will have to respond. So, it's a bit -- mostly in insurance a little bit in reinsurance. But that's where we -- that's kind of how we thought about booking the reserves on BI. Yes, I mean in the U.S. no question that you need property damage to have the BI respond. That's a fact. Yeah. There’s a proposal out there that people want to make it retroactive and challenge that. We'll see how far -- how that goes, but for the time being we don't have reserves on those. We don't think it's correct. We want to think, its right. So we've relied on the policy wording to make our assessments of reserves on those policies.
François Morin: I think the development of BI losses will – firstly, we have to go through the insurance business, the insurance companies telling their losses evaluating every claim. I mean this is not an easy thing to do from a 30,000 feet position. Meyer you have to go through the claims process evaluates things talk to clients’ brokers and whatnot. So, it's going to take a while before things get sorted out. A couple of things on presumption of workers comp, coverage that's also part of that. I think -- it was lot of things developing. So, I'm not even sure second quarter, we're going to have the ultimate picture. That's for sure. It's going to take a bit longer to go through all these losses, how they accumulate. And also in line with the question I just had earlier, in how it -- if it does, and how and if it does accumulate towards a reinsurance recovery. So that also might happen towards the end of this year. So this is going to take a little while to sort out. And that's not even talking about potential litigation and whatever else could happen out there. So it's going to be a while.
François Morin: Well, again, it's very premature. I think the answer to that question, again, will very much depend on the level of delinquencies and how quickly they get -- come to us. And now we see the economy going back, opening up a little bit. So the people will go back to work. And by fourth quarter of 2020, we see already some people carrying -- going back to having current loans, et cetera. But, yes, I would think that a reasonable expectation for 2021 is that, yes, we should do better than 2020. The loss ratio should be coming down. I don't think to the level it was in 2019, but as -- because let's -- we would think that no question that some people will -- there'll be some jobs lost and there may be some actual claims that actually convert to actually -- or delinquencies that convert to real claims and pay claims, that may be late in 2021, as you know, with a 12-month forbearance program and then the time to really go through all the process, to go to -- to paying the claim will take quite some time. So, I would -- at a high level, I would think that, the 2021 loss ratio would be better or lower than 2020, but not at the same level as low as it has been in -- as it was in 2019, for sure.
François Morin: Well, let me try this and maybe Marc will chime in. We've looked at a bunch of -- a variety of economic scenarios. Some are based on our own internal analysis, like the RDS stress test that we run through our portfolio. Some are based on external economic scenarios, such as the Moody's -- what's published by Moody's, the severe -- the S3 and S4 economic scenario. And under most scenarios, again, we don't expect to -- we get close, but we don't expect to attach with the Bellemeade transactions. And those are in particular like the S4, where we get very close. We might start attaching a few years down the road, but it's -- those are severe stresses. So, how we think about it is, does it even impact 2021? The answer is probably not. It probably starts to really -- we really start to recover a few years down the road. And, I mean, to us, it's a -- I don't want to say necessarily sleep-at-night insurance or coverage, but it's really, there to say, we think we've run some very severe stresses. They don't seem to attach with the Bellemeade, but we're often -- they get to be worse -- a little bit worse than what we're thinking, what the scenarios could look like. We tell ourselves, well, we got $3 billion of coverage that is available to us, if things get much worse.
François Morin: Well, I think, it's a bit early to know exactly how everything is going to play out. I mean no question that -- as I said earlier we're -- we expect more delinquencies to come through. No question that we would expect a higher cure rate on those than we would see from a typical delinquency in a call it normal economic environment. So -- but we don't know yet how we're going to book our reserves at the end of the second quarter and let alone third and fourth quarter. So the answer is yes, probably I mean if you compare a regular delinquency to what we're -- we expect the delinquencies we get through forbearance programs there's no question that there's a higher cure rate. And then associated with that the severity et cetera. So I mean it's the product of those gives you the total incurred loss in the quarter. But it's – if we will look at them a bit differently for sure than we would otherwise in a call it a regular quarter.
François Morin: Correct. I mean, if the borrower cures and I think there's a little bit of work that has to be done exactly on how borrowers are going to exit the program. I mean, initially there's I wouldn't say confusion, but people thought well they have to make a balloon payment, do I just defer my payments et cetera. I think the government is stepping in to make sure that there is no -- I mean the expectations are clear on both sides. But correct if somebody after six months in October or November December they -- everybody's back. I mean for that particular borrower, they're back to work and they go back to current and they strike a -- they reach an agreement with their borrower to just effectively, let's say, they missed four or five payments and they agreed to just add those on at the end of their mortgage period they would -- whatever reserves we had put up on that particular loan would get eliminated reduced to zero and they would be available if we think there's new coming in that we -- yes so it's a reduction…
François Morin: Assuming – yes, but again what we don't know yet is everybody or is the vast majority of people are going to use the forbearance programs in Q2 or are they going to try to make a couple of payments and then -- maybe there'll be more in Q2 and -- Q3 and Q4. I mean the timing of it is uncertain. But assuming -- I think which is what -- I mean, assuming, I think what you were assuming is for somebody who starts on the forbearance program earlier and then let's say it's just temporary where they do go back to work and they go back to current. They cure their delinquency in the fourth quarter, correct. I mean there would be -- we would be see -- potentially see a reversal of the accumulation of reserves that we saw in Q2 and Q3.
François Morin: I mean we have – I mean everything is on the table, right? I mean, it's all based on the economics. No question that in the last couple of years to us the Bellemeade transactions were very efficient, provide a lot of capital relief and we thought it was a good protection to get for a variety of reasons. Again we expect them to come back but assuming that they're not back for let's say the end of the – until the end of the year or maybe beyond, no question that we will probably think of other ways to protect the portfolio. And a traditional reinsurance agreement is something that would be on the table for sure.
Geoff Dunn: First a technical question on PMIERs. Are forbearance loans treated the same way from an aging standpoint meaning that you'll get that asset charge progression as well, or is it just that initial point in time asset charge? It seems there's kind of confusing interpretations out there on that front.
Geoff Dunn: What I was asking is are forbearance loans subject to the aging asset charges on the PMIERs or are they just held at a point in time that initial charge? It seems like some of the language out there has been confusing and up to interpretation.
Geoff Dunn: Are you suggesting that the incident assumption will be higher than normal or lower than normal? You're saying 14%...
