Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Dinos and good morning to you all. Before I review market conditions across our segments, I am pleased as Dinos also alluded to earlier to report that the integration of UG and Arch MI is going very well with our focus on high customer service to maintain and improve our relationships. While the strength of the combined entity is already apparent, we are working diligently to unify the U.S. MI operations and most notably, we have decided to base our U.S. mortgage insurance headquarters in North Carolina. We believe that there will be opportunities and additional opportunities to realize efficiencies without jeopardizing our customer relationships and we will keep you informed as those efforts materialize for the next several quarters. At the end of our first quarter, as a combined global MI company, our expense ratio for this segment declined to 29%. Over the next few years, we are targeting a mid-20s expense ratio in the segment as the business matures. Our new insurance written or NIW was 12.7 billion for the first quarter, an increase of 8% over the same quarter in 2016 on an average combined basis. We estimate that Arch U.S. MI market shares remained in the mid-20s for the first quarter of 2017 consistent on a pro forma basis with a 26% market share indicated last quarter. The current premium yield was essentially unchanged with the last quarter's level, over 75% of our and NIW came through our risk based pricing platform. Rising interest rates in the fourth quarter reduced the volume of refinance activity and accordingly led to an improved level of persistency which came in at 77%, purchase market accounted for 85% of our volume this quarter. The overall quality of the risk return is still very strong and stable. With average FICO scores of 743 in our monthly singles mix at 82% and 18% respectively meeting our post acquisition objectives in the quarter. Arch also continued to build on its position in the U.S. GSE de-risking transaction with approximately 2.2 billion of risk in force at the end of the first quarter 2017. Arch remained lead market for this type of risk transfer execution. Finally, our Australian mortgage insurance relationship continues to generate a good flow of business and contributed roughly $4 million of profit for the quarter. As this business is all single payment upfront its contribution to profits should grow with time as premiums are earned over the life of the mortgages. Moving onto the P&C insurance world which represents 50% of our earned premium. As we have indicated on prior calls, market condition remains challenging. Rate decreases have slowed somewhat, but are still broadly less than last trend. This is especially true for larger access accounts which tend to be more commoditized. The rate change differential between our segment is wide reaching for 410 bps in the U.S. for the first quarter. A positive 140 bps rate change for the lower volatility line in a negative 270 bps for our cycle managed business. As a result of that market economy, all of our P&C segments continue to move toward -- towards smaller account and more specialized areas of the market and are walking away from accounts when returns are not acceptable. In our primary U.S. P&C insurance operations, we had margin erosion of 70 basis points for all lines in the first quarter. To borrow an expression from Dinos, we have seen what's cooking in the kitchen before and we don't like the taste of that meal. Turning to re-insurance which represents about 25 % of our earned premium this quarter, it's a similar story and that we continue to focus on the few opportunities that we have relative strength and more favorable returns while we are deemphasizing the more commodified segments as rate and loss trends continue to erode margin, affecting on the current trends in a broader reinsurance market. I am reminded of the old adage that I heard often from Paul Ingrey volume is vanity, profit is sanity. Allocating capital judiciously is a cornerstone of our corporate mandate. As we sit here today, mortgages represent one-third of our allocated capital 25% of our net earned premium and 70% of our underwriting gain at a mid-to-high teens ROE. We're happy to have the flexibility to allocate capital across our three platforms to the markets which are generating good returns and we believe that this flexibility allows Arch to generate alpha with more stable returns for its shareholders. And with that I'll hand this over to Mark to cover the detail financial results.
Marc Grandisson: I think in addition I would just add to what Dinos has said, the other dimension of fear and greed is that underwriter of companies underwrite also with some kind with the assumption of what interest rates are going to be in the future. So, the inflation goes up and interest rate goes up accordingly, if not more, you might generate all kinds of different behaviors. I would argue with that even in this day and age, in the last two, three quarters, there is probably an expectation of rate increases in the future that might explain why some of the pricing is still soft as we speak. So, there's a lot of stuff, a lot of things moving the marketplace. So, there's more than one number that drives everything.
Marc Grandisson: We have expectations and we do follow the MDA and the Freddie and Fannie and we look at what they do, what they produce. So we would stop the same data that you're looking at. In terms of NIW, we don't have -- we have, of course, projections. And we're accomplishing that we're not at liberty to share that. And frankly, we're going to be reacting to whatever market situation present itself in the next year or so. So, we don't spend much time, if you will, projecting what NIW is going to be in the market. We have a good place and good positioning with our clients and we try to do the best. And as we said before, our market share over time, we expect might decrease in the low to mid-20s. So, that's also could be something that happens by attrition. It's not moving.
Marc Grandisson: But right now, exactly what's going on. There's no change from last year, because clearly what drives the losses than we've seen historically is the products that were offered in the marketplace. And we've seen no change in the products offering and to echo what Dinos has said about the GSEs being really wary or at least very attentive to what's happening in the marketplace, had an increase in the sort of discounted LPMI business over last years, recognizing that that might represent a bit more risk to the system. So there's really a heightened level and still high level of scrutiny and attention paid to the product that our deliberate in the business. So no change from last year. 
Marc Grandisson: The only thing I want to add, Josh, is not exactly as a cat book of business because you're going to have future income in so you have to factor in an S&P type of PML, so this is what Dinos has been alluded to. We have to factor that in because it's part and parcel of what we're assuming as part of the policies. The policies, those that done default continue paying premium for the future and we have credit for that as well. So, just want to make sure it's not one event, one of them and like Dinos said, it happens overnight. It's an over two or three-year period development and we take an S&P type of approach. 
Marc Grandisson: Josh, it's unfair to really compare to cat, because a cat and generally, for us to achieve to be hurricane in September that hits Florida. But it's underwriting mortgage and we have indeed in our company have the proper early warning systems in terms of risk quality, we're going to actually take actions way ahead of things percolating up. If the decision as to where we put the redline or the yellow line as to when we start deemphasizing it, we do have access the information. And frankly, and Dinos said this in prior calls, if the people that we're in business in 2006, 2007, 2008 had heeded those calls and those points and those clear indication signals the marketplace, it wouldn't have put themselves in the position. So, it's not like you wake up one day and the risk quality was as good as it gets and overnight everything goes down by 20% and the unemployment goes from 5% to 25%. I mean you have a lot of products and you have time to react.
Marc Grandisson: I think what I would add to this is there a lot of things that we also have available to us in terms of providing MI insurance, only the primary, but there's clearly still an ongoing focus on deleveraging the GSEs and the MI to the third-party to private capital. That is not stopping. It's actually most likely going to be accelerating over the next year or two. The one thing that we're picking about collectively is we're agnostic as to, in general, how we would allocate the capital in terms of primary MI or CRTs to the extent that it shifts to that direction. But we're essentially more than willing to provide the risk on a private basis, either which way the FHA decided to go. But right now, we don't see any cost to be concerned in terms of the existence of the MI industry as it is. And we believe that the CRTs that we've been participating on are only going to grow in size. And it's not going to be most likely instead of the MI primary is going to be in addition to the MI market.
Marc Grandisson: I would agree with that protecting the portfolio as a result as well, are looking at the same process we have an economist who spend a lot of time reviewing and he confirms exactly what Dinos said, which is a couple of areas frothiness, but it's confined to the larger dwellings or larger condominiums and also a lot of investors coming from outside, which is--
Marc Grandisson: Exactly. And even if they -- what we tend to focus on the lower risk and we don't do the investors loan as much. So, we curtailed and shifted the portfolio towards the more single dwelling, owner-occupied house down under. And to your point, we feel, despite all this went on about a quarter share and we have partners there to help us and in case we were a bit too optimistic, we don't think we are but just to be prudent in terms of rightsizing the old portfolio. So, we're cautiously optimistic, comfortable.
Marc Grandisson: I think the latter. I think what we are seeing, as I said in my comments and as Dinos and Mark both alluded to, the market we're seeing pickup and severity in the markets across lines of business and certainly, it started in commercial auto and story more than once.
Marc Grandisson: So, there's a lot more coming. We're of the mind that it's going to get a bit more, a bit worse before it gets better again. So, we tend to take, as usual, a prudent approach to reserving. So, we might take a bit more long to recognize what looks like good news. Because frankly, a lot of people around our clients, we've seen that some of them have -- we believe, recognize too early good news in a position to having we direct or redirect that and we would like them to avoid that all cost. So, there's a little bit of some activity and severity, selectivity and causes coming through but certainly realistically, corporately, more prudent view on the ultimate reserve development.
Marc Grandisson: Ian, again, that what I just talked about the reserve development and what transpired over the last quarter informs us in going for as to what we think the ultimate underlying fundamentals of the business. And as you heard, we're losing margin and this thing erode as we speak. So, it moves us to do the right thing, which is to be, again, that much more prudent on the current accident year. That's what you see right now.
Constantine Iordanou: I think on the U.S. side, you're going to see that never that kind of a report quarter view and we're not seeing that well we're not recognizing it as much in the more recent report quarters as it would be for once a little more aged. But I think just part of what we might want to discuss given the size of it is that and I've mentioned that most is coming from the U.S. business, about 1 million came from the reinsurance side, so it's kind of insignificant. But there was on subrogation, on a cash receipt basis, on the establishment that normalized our accounting policies between the two consolidated entities now. So subrogation reserves put up, these are normal course, but they were scattered between first lien and secondly lien and other portfolios that were there and they've been there historically that are now. The fact that they're most of it is in one-off doesn't mean that they're going to dissipate; they'll fall off a lot more slowly over time. So hopefully that answers your question.
Constantine Iordanou: I don't -- no, you're thinking very logically and that's a mistake in our business. Although more interested very markets is fear and greed. And right now, I don't see greed out there, I see some concern, but I don't see fear. Yes, there is some concern. As a matter of fact, I think that [Indiscernible] in the coal mine is being commercial auto liability, who has a short tail, and is starting to percolate and bubble up in a lot of places. You see it on the riders of commercial auto, you see it in penetrations on the umbrellas which is part of the mix when you write excess liability umbrella. You're covering that portion of the risk, too. And you're seeing a reaction in the reinsurance market. It's not easy to find auto carve outs anymore or the pricing is going up. So, it's not an early indication that maybe GL might be a problem in the next year or two, and then Worker's Comp maybe later on and Mike that create a verb the people they say, we've got to adjust pricing in all three lines going forward. I don't know. We can't predict the future, but I can tell you, there is stress in the system because it requires more rate increases than we're getting. And we're not keeping up with the trend and it sounds to me like 1998, 1999 all over again that the frogs in the happy water, but the temperature is going up.
Constantine Iordanou: It's a pleasant surprise for us. I don't know if was basically, we didn't seem much overlap between Arch MI and United Guaranty. There was only one major customer that we both of us will significant participants and they reduced our combined share just slightly in the first quarter. There was no other change any other major customer and that's why I talk about the resilience of the customer base of United Guaranty. And basically, we are trying to do the best job possible to not only to maintain the service at a very, very high quality, but also improve on it and that's what I've been emphasizing to our staff. That's why I said let's not focus on integration of cost savings upfront at the expense of customers. We're going to focus on excellent customer service. And over time, we're going to get very efficient in how we provide that. And I think you can do both if you're a well-managed company.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes, our team there Sarah is, we always want have flexibility of the balance sheet. Right now, our debt and hybrid is at about 27 point something percent, of which about 4.5% or so is short-term revolving facility. That doesn't give us a lot of capital credit with the rating agency. So, at some point in time, my first action with access -- with excess capital, maybe I can reduce that down and then we'll revisit this year and purchase in 2018 and beyond. Don't forget, I don't know when AIG is going to decide to sell, and so I can't answer that question. If the selling and 2017 will probably would likely we will not participate, but if it's all 2018, it's an open question.
Constantine Iordanou: Listen. At the end of the day, distribution cost is part of the business, been always part of the business. Some people view it as a transactional. I think it's more than that. Some of it is transactional, some of it is advised and counseled, et cetera and it's all very into some number. The ultimate arbiter of if that's fair or unfair or sustainable is the customers themselves. They know that both our revenue and the broker's revenue comes from only one source, it's out of premium they pay. So, if they don't like what's going on, they have ways to change that. But at the end, that's a customer decision. Now you ask the regulatory question. We believe, at the end of the day, that the insurance and reinsurance business is highly competitive and we're strong believers in the free market. So, at the end of the day, if the customer is satisfied and nobody is doing anything that is illegal with the regulator have a say in it, let the market decide if it's fair compensation or unfair compensation and the buyer of the product is the person who counts the most.
Constantine Iordanou: Actually, what I said last year was 70/30, not 66 and two-thirds and 33 and one-thirds. And I'm sticking to that 70/30 theory because we did analyze a lot of that data through the financial crises as to what was causing defaults and we compare it with other environments. For example, what happened in Canada where all day no verification loans, et cetera, they were not allowed and there was a minimum of 5% down payment requirement and illegal historically and you see the performance of the Canadian book of business, it was much different even with the same economic conditions not only affecting the U.S., but affecting Canada and what the outcome of that business. So, the 70/30 hasn't changed and what I'm saying -- what we're seeing, I think, the ability of MI companies to go back to the very lose underwriting standards that were common during the financial crisis in 2007 -- 2006, 2007, 2008. In the future, that would be much more difficult. First of all, management, they saw companies [Indiscernible], so they're more resilient on the risk management side of the business. And more importantly, I think the technology is much better today in analyzing individual mortgages and attributes that affect that. And also, more importantly, the GSEs, both Fannie and Freddie, with the P. Meyer approach and as regulators of the MI companies, they're a lot more resilient in their approach on maintaining stability on the balance sheets of the companies that they provide them the counterparty risk.
Constantine Iordanou: It hasn't changed, but like I said, we're here to feed our shareholders first. And then if we have extra, we can reach out level to others. This is a good business. Within our risk management limitations, we will continue to have our shareholders in mind first and then our reinsurance partners and other segments.
Constantine Iordanou: You're not avoiding the risk totally, the risk of catastrophe. Because even well underwritten business, if you have a higher unemployment, you're going to have hardships, your default rate is going to go up. If you could have house prices collapse, that means the claims that you're going to have, they're going to cost you more. So, at the end of the day, those you can avoid. That's a part -- and I put that a round number of 30% on the problem and the past crisis was macroeconomic events. With [Indiscernible], for example, the Canadian book of business but it didn't cost companies their profitability suffer, but there were still profitable and didn't go out of business. What caused collapses in the U.S.; it was all of these crazy stuffs like how do you underwrite an old verification law. You don't know the information you getting is correct. How do you factor in these old days? Or 110 LPV stuff and there was a lot of craziness that it went to the mortgage space at that time.
Constantine Iordanou: When the market gets irrational, that means you got to maintain your discipline. Our hallmark as a company is that we have been disciplined underwriters. And as long as I breathe, this team which I have 1000% confidence is, they're going to be disciplined underwriters. It's our DNA. For better or worse, it's our DNA. The Arch DNA is disciplined underwriting. Be patient, disciplined and at the end of it. And thank God, we got a Board who understand that. I never, never had a discussion with my Board that says, your volume is suffering or -- they never talk about volume. They do talk about profit and margin and are you taking undue risk. That we talk all the time.
Constantine Iordanou: PMI was recognizing segments of their business into what we will call the red line, all the way back in 2004. And they did not take action. As a matter of fact, they increase their participation in everything that they are monitoring systems were showing red. Meaning all -- loans became 28% of their book of business because a lot of the customers, especially, countrywide, et cetera, it was threatening them. You don't right, you're not indicated that good. Well, I said this before, you give me three glasses of Kool-Aid and one has cyanide in it, I'm not drinking it. So, even though the other two they are very refreshing and I'm very thirsty, I'm not drinking it. And basically, that's what the industry did. They were given three glasses, one had cyanide in it, and they down all three of them.
Constantine Iordanou: I don't want to be graphic, but I tell you, when you're running a company and you got your shareholders capital and you've got 3,500 employees in your hands, you got to feel like I feel. You got to be the responsible, not only for the capital, but also for the welfare of the employees.
Constantine Iordanou: You always have to have a loop to the market. So, by purchasing reinsurance and capital markets products, you always have a compass as to how other people think about the product, are you pricing that will enough. If you can shed risk in an effective way that tells you you're the patsy. So, you better start shutting the doors because you're not doing the right thing.
Constantine Iordanou: Don't forget, the quota shares covers 2015 -- 2014, 2015 and 2016. So, the United Guaranty book goes all the way to 2007, 2008. We have -- we still have mortgages all the way back from the 2007, 2008. They're still paying premium. So, it's not as easy to calculate it, but a lot of the old stuff becoming more of the newest stuff. There is not going to be a lot of -- depends on the persistency of those years, the 2014, 2015 and 2016. We think that calculation is going to probably increase it a little bit and then it will come down later.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, the relocation, it's not that -- we're not to just going to take a lot of people and relocate. We have attrition, right? Attrition usually is around 10% in our operations worldwide. So, basically, we lose roughly about 300 positions every year. We decided that North Carolina is a better place for some of these back rooms that premium audit, some clearance system, some booking things, et cetera. So, gradually, we'll be moving -- we lose a job here, instead of replacing it in, I don't know, high cost environment, we go into a lower cost environment. And that process is being with us all along. I mean, we have operations and Nebraska. We have operations overseas in other parts of the world. So that's ongoing. The reason I mentioned it is because North Carolina, based on our statistics, is about -- has about 30% cost advantage over other -- from New York, New Jersey, California, let's say. So, over time -- and we're not trying to displace people, but as we lose people, we'll be moving back. So gradually, you're going to see that benefit coming through. But we do that as -- on our day-to-day operations, as a matter of course, we do that all the time. I mean that's what our managers are getting paid to do, make sure that we're cost effective.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, it's very hard to predict, very hard to predict. Clearly, the FHA has more market share that they need. So, I mean, you're not going to hear that only for me, for everyone, MI CEO say that. It should be in the private sector not on the taxpayer. Having said that, I don't know what they're going to do. The share of VA, FHA in combination is probably a little north of 55%. So, that's way too much, in my view, to be on the public back.
Constantine Iordanou: What's the lunch let me know. It's at the request of Marc Grandisson, he will be grilled [Indiscernible] cheese from Cyprus with tomato, cucumber on pita bread and that's the lunch, the sandwich for today and he's salivating already. So, get to your question so he can go and eat.
Constantine Iordanou: I have a few cousins who might be interested in going down to open a Greek diner down there, but I'll leave it up to them.
Constantine Iordanou: As of the best guess for the current accident year. I mean -- listen, the first year is a self-grading exam and we try to do the best we can. And I can tell you, things are not they good as they were a year ago and I think the reason you got to recognize them on the current accident year.
Constantine Iordanou: Give me another month or two. I'm going to finish our study. I do this macro study with Don Watson, about the industry reserve levels and all that; I look at cash flows -- underwriting cash flows, et cetera. Give me a little time and then we'll share that study with you. Maybe that might be might five minute in Investor Day because the guys want me to only have five minutes with you guys. They want to put me with the chef, so I'll be growing, but at the end of the day, I think it's an interesting question. Yes, it feels to me, from other indications. Let me give you an example. I won't mention names because it's embarrassing. But we lost an account, right? That it was a high deductible account that, in essence, it was about $10 million in premium and we lost it to a competitor for $3 million. To me, it's the definition of insanity. I mean, either a totally naive, you don't know what you're doing or you can beat me by going to $9 million. You don't have to go from $10 million to $3 million to get the account. So, that means [Indiscernible] don't understand what they're doing and the brokers are taking advantage of them because I can tell you, they knew that the expiring premium was probably $10 million.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, thank you all for your attention and looking forward to talking with you next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon.
Mark Lyons: No. Well the primary book, yes you're still seeing some improvement, but they're not coming from the 2016 report quarter. I believe it's 2015 and a little bit backwards.
Mark Lyons: Jeff, I think that's going to have to be something we channel back through [Indiscernible]. Sorry I simply don't have that in front of me.
Mark Lyons: And I think what I would add in terms of the questions, the top line is not going to change significantly just by virtue of being MI portfolio. It's very sticky, it’s very straightforward, a lot of monthly coming in -- depending on our market share. But for the remainder of the year, for the foreseeable future, we don't see much change. So it's really to answer your question more directly which Dinos did it that’s going to be really as a result of absolute dollar reduction as opposed to premium related ratio.
Mark Lyons: I guess there's two things I would say there's a reclass associated with the intangible amortization where in the mortgage space, others we had more above the line. Now we have below the line. So because with our goal to be very, very transparent on the UGC tangible amortization. It only makes sense to make that a corporate wide approach. So yes, would have been a reclass and that's why some of the prior year may look a tiny bit different than it was when we look at the numbers last year, so it's a good catch.
Mark Lyons: It is identical to when the SBA was signed which is a 36 months, two-third cumulatively at 12 months and 100% cumulatively at 18 months.
Mark Lyons: Just one quick thing. I think it's easy to get lost in the sauce. It's a good observation. That's the underwriting gain or loss, but each of those businesses have a little different duration. So, reinsurance group may have more property and cat, so the insurance group may have longer tailed lines, every portion to bring in more assets and so forth. So you look at on the writings, you brought interest income and, it'll be skewed to a bit, differently away from mortgage.
Mark Lyons: Well, there's optionality in there. It's a decision tree, basically. So -- but it's as I stated, but we're not going to be buying overtly. Other than those possibilities, we're not going out and buy back shares.
Mark Lyons: And just, and I think this one other thing. It's a good question, just given the relative size of its organization. But thinking wise, you got to learn from the past. I mean anything that erupts that can cut across underwriting years. We learned from asbestos and GL, we learned from environmental and the GL, we learn from -- anything that could signal it, we can break it down his lines have a lease component of cats. I think more so in the mortgage space, but we think about that in every line of business.
Mark Lyons: But one other thing, if I could, Josh, Dinos and Marc have talked about this before, but the history was that the MIs took the risk on the balance sheet, 100% in, 100% retained. That's clearly not part of our strategy, that's the strength of the PC side. We can't think any other way than simultaneously manage balance sheet and maybe Dinos take it to you, but the benefit of going to capital markets and reinsurance as a leading indicator unto itself.
Mark Lyons: About 20%. Let me go up here. Yes, it's about 70% of the ceded premium. I was going to give it to you of the net, but that's easier.
Mark Lyons: No, I would think that would, over the next three to five quarters, can be trending up and then trail down because of the nature of the monthly and--
Mark Lyons: And Ian that's a direct benefit from the multiplatform we have and the holding company that you can see. So, you can see others ceding companies fear the insurance that way.
Mark Lyons: And the other thing Ian on that that will be in the renewal pricing monitor next year, in the basis for 33% increase.
Dinos Iordanou: Let me give it a shot and I’ll give it to Mark to get into the details. But we don't want -- we didn't make projections even though internally we have certain things in mind because I want our teams as they integrate to play in a passion that improves our long-term opportunities to be as efficient and as effective without affecting customer service with our competitors. Having said that, okay, so a lot of it is going to come from redundancy in personnel that it will get eliminated overtime. Mark gave you a number in the first quarter we have eliminated approximately 270 positions, on April 1st there was an additional 97. We’re just going to be as part of our report card, we're going to share with you in the second quarter not knowing what else is going to happen in there in the second quarter because I'm not putting undue pressure on how people to hit certain numbers. Our instructions Mark and I is do the right thing with the idea that if we don't need certain individuals see if we can re-assignment into other jobs, low guest as we lose in attrition in other parts of the organization. And that's one of the reasons we even move of our Global Services headquarters down there because it allows us to manage the workforce in a much more efficient bases and we're not just focusing on United Guaranty, we're looking at every operation and we do that as a matter of course independent if we made an acquisition or not. That's a prudent way of managing. In addition to that, you've got to get into systems and back rooms and not just headcounts, but where does that headcount reside and is of course differential. For example, the New York job is much more expensive than a North Carolina job and a job in the Philippines is even less expensive than a job in North Carolina and we look at that as a global organization. So there will be additional savings. It's not that we don't know how to push the pencil and make calculations, but we don't like to promise things to influence good judgment. We rather report after we take the actions that trying to hit a particular number.
Dinos Iordanou: We are -- Kai as Mark and we wouldn't be felt as much in 2017 which is probably the model question you are asking. For a longer term basis, as the impact of the AIG quota share, 50% quota share on 2014, 2015, 2016 underwriting years starts to lessen and we're writing 2017, 2018 towards 100% without the quota share coming in that will start to flip and you'll see an increasing growth on a net basis for your denominator.
Dinos Iordanou: If we -- and that 25 is not -- we think we are going to be overtime below that number, but at some point in time, we say 25 is something that we're trying to achieve 25% expense ratio, but you can even be better than that overtime. All I want is efficient operations with good customer service. And at the end of the day, we want to not have an un-level playing field with our competition so we monitor that. How do they do things and they are better than us? What things we need to do to improve? And I don't want to have a structural disadvantage. And traditionally, over the last 15 years we didn't allow that in our operations and we won't allow within the MI space either.
