Constantine P. Iordanou: For many, I think we introduced a system, which I described in detail about 5 years ago. We went through this elaborate exercise, not only on class-rated classes that the Insurance Service Office would give us exposure times rate type of statistics so we can compare things, but everything that is in specialty lines, we created a system that monitors, on an exposure basis, the rate we get for like exposures, independent if it's new business or renewal. And we monitor that across the enterprise. We have our pricing actuaries, independent of the underwriters, do that, and we do it electronically. This way, there is no playing with the numbers. You know the old story, figures never lie, but liars figure. So we have assistance with that in that approach. So what I reported is what's happening in the marketplace. Now, for 1/3 of our business, that means that there is this -- there is more distress, or at least perception of distress in those classes by -- and predominantly is by the admitted markets. And they're throwing that business into the E&S market, because this phenomenon is happening mostly in the E&S market. So in certain sectors, even though there is ample capacity in general, there is not enough capacity. I'll give you the most acute example. If you have contractors in New York, because of the tough labor laws, et cetera, it's almost impossible to place today. So clearly, the renewal books, which most carriers have and they have better relationships with customers, get a certain price, and new business that is trying to find a place, for whatever reason, because they've been expelled for nonrenewal by others, they're paying a much higher price. And I'm just reporting what we're monitoring. I wish 100% of the business, it would've been behaving like that, then we really have a hard market, but we don't. 2/3, as I said in my prepared remarks, still indicate highly competitive market conditions, with new business pricing lower on a comparison to same exposures to renewal business. So that's the facts. Do I have a complete explanation as to why it's happening? No. But it's good to measure and it's good to have a view into the marketplace because you can direct your underwriters as to where to step on the brake versus step on the accelerator.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And to emphasize that, if you don't get into the mix, you will get to totally different conclusions. I'll give you an example. If you're writing a short-tail property business that basically, you need to write to 80 combined, meaning 50 loss ratio and 30 expense ratio. And then you're writing casualty business that you can write to 90 combined, 60 loss ratio and 30, both of them economically equivalent. If you change that mix, it might show on aggregate accident year, lower or higher, but you're going to draw the wrong conclusions by not looking at what changes in the mix.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And when he talks about green meaning that we're willing to write more business in that sector, and yellow, we're cautious, and red, we better have a foot on the brake.
Constantine P. Iordanou: I mean, you got to ask them about their strategy. I mean, Berkshire Hathaway has been in the E&S market in many different ways, either through reinsurance transactions or directly writing it. So I don't know what their plans are, I think they hired 4 excellent executives, it's -- talent always is hard to find and they found 4 talented executives to join them, so I think it's a positive for them. But beyond that, I mean, Berkshire was always in the E&S market and they will continue to be.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's a bit early as of yet because there is a tug-of-war between brokers request versus underwriters offerings. And so, not a lot of firm orders have been placed. Our expectation though is should be around 5% to 10% reduction, that's what we're expecting. But there is changes to it and in different parts of the country, and if it's a nationwide program versus a Florida-only program or the Northeast. Let me give you an example. In the Northeast, we got anywhere from plus, I would say, 2% to 3% to as high as plus 10% on layers that they had an effect from Sandy. On layers, the high access layer that Sandy didn't effect, the reduction was anywhere from minus 2% to minus 10%, depending on programs. Likewise, we have renew nationwide programs at -- and significant ones that we have firm orders already at only minus 5%. Some people expected much worse than that but -- and firm orders for most of the Florida business. It's happening as we speak, so I don't have a lot of flavor. Mark, do you have any more color to that? We will know in a few weeks but our expectations is somewhere between 5% and 10% rate reduction.
Constantine P. Iordanou: I mean, the -- we usually look at 3 different factors. What is -- where can we deploy capital in our operations; what were we trading on and the multiple that the market is giving us; and then what is our projected ROE. Our ROE, we're getting more optimistic that it's going up. So I don't know if we do a lot more of share repurchases at the time being, unless share price movements propel us to do that because we can get our shares cheaper than we can get them today. On the basis that we still have this transaction that we need to close on and we have to reestimate as to how much capital we can deploy in that, plus there's a few other things we're looking at. In any market, you see opportunity. Nothing that is imminent, but you never know. So we'll take all that into consideration and then we make decisions. Our principle of returning excess capital to shareholders hasn't changed. We'll find a way to do it. If we think a special dividend is appropriate, we might even do that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. It's a highly volatile line. At the end of the day, you have to be north of the 15% to write that business on an expected basis and that's our attitude.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, contracts are annual and they either get renewed or not. What guides us in making decisions is the profitability of the book of business that we would like to reinsure. As we said in prior calls, a lot of that growth came from U.K. motor, it came from a couple of contracts we wrote on the mortgage space, et cetera. And if those get renewed, you will have the growth. If they don't, you won't. So it's a lumpy business, reinsurance. We take contract by contract, we look at the opportunity, we got plenty of capital to support those contracts. If we're given the opportunity by the clients to continue to provide the capacity for them, we'll do it. If not, we won't. But it's based on is it a profitable opportunity for us or not, and that's when we make the decisions to continue or not to.
Constantine P. Iordanou: The same level reductions in comparison. This is -- we reduced a program, our participation. So in essence, that, until it laps over to one year, you're going to have the comparables and we got 2 more quarters to go.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It can resource [ph] entirely and it can be the sign might switch, et cetera. I would say for -- this is a rough guess on my part, that probably half the reduction is nonrecurring and the other half is probably the effect of lower interest. So to me, if this quarter was normal, we probably would have seen investment income going from approximately $74 million, $73 million, because don't forget, $1 million of the $74 million, it was artificially high last quarter, to come down to about $70 million. But like I said, we don't pay tremendous -- I know you got to do your models and all that, and that's why I went through this whole explanation between net income ROE versus operating ROE. We're not changing our definition but also, we're not going to change our strategy, that we're going to try to maximize total return on our investable assets, independent on if we're going to take some investment income here. It's for total return because of accounting and structure issues.
Constantine P. Iordanou: What Mark is telling you Vinay, is we tried to, even with outside managers, to structure transactions, especially on the high yield, fixed income kind of strategies that we have, that we can recognize the investment income as such and not account it under the equity method as realized gains. But accounting is not that simple anymore. They got 42,000 rules that I have to take 3 Advils every time I sit with the accountants to discuss it. And sometimes they're nonsensical to begin with.
Constantine P. Iordanou: So that means the economy is improving, so the exposure base on some of our clients is going up, so they generate more premium. And also, there's been rate increases and significant, because don't forget, that's the area we compete a lot with the standard markets, even though these are specialty programs. But we still issue a lot of it on admitted paper and we have file rates, et cetera for -- and you compete with the likes of Travelers and Chubb and C&A, et cetera. And these carriers, you're listening to their calls, et cetera, and we see it in the market. They're pushing for rate and they're getting it and in essence, our agents that they produced business for our MGUs, they're getting rate increases. So I think that will continue.
Constantine P. Iordanou: I think you're going to see too, there'll be more programs that are going to make the cut for us because of rate improvements and they're looking for a better home. Don't forget, we're a good home for programs. We're an A plus company, we have great systems, our service is very good and we have that kind reputation. As a matter of fact, the MGUs that we have, a dozen or so of these that we have, we had them for 10 years, and they've all been with us for a long period of time. So we're welcoming new programs, as long as they can make the profitability goals that we have. But a lot of our growth is coming from our existing programs, because they're gaining on both. Additional exposure units, as the economy is starting to improve on same customers that they have, and also new customers that are coming into the programs on existing business.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Listen, I have a hard time trying to get mine as accurate as I can, because that's the only statements I sign. So I'm not going to worry about the rest of the market. But I can tell you, we feel comfortable where we're booking things. We do a lot of analysis, and like I said many times before, for the first 2, 3 years, 4 years or so, the accident year is a self grading exam. The real exam comes when the books mature. And so I -- without knowing exactly what others write and what process they go in estimating what their current accident year should or shouldn't be, I can't comment on that. But I can comment on ours and I feel very comfortable where we are.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, right now, it's gradual. It's noticeable but it's gradual. If it accelerates, that means we have a hot market. It's always a very good indicator of a hot market, when a lot of that business comes today in this market. It hasn't happened yet. There is a little flow coming into the E&S. We measure it through the submission activity. We see it in different profits centers around the country, and we're happy about it. But we're not ecstatic because this is not a hot market yet.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I mean, listen, I don't have to mention the Boston event again, but I think the insurance business is willing and able and capable to take a lot of risk, but it's not able to take infinite or unlimited risk. So at some point in time, there's got to be some backstop at a pretty high level. And if you look at TRIA, we're talking about the backstop is provided. So companies, they don't face ruin on a horrific event. So I'm expecting that we will make the point to our regulators and to our legislators in Washington. And there was still a light [ph] that there is a role that -- for a government can play, especially when they mandate coverage and they require us to provide or offer terrorism coverage to customers, which we like to do. But on the other hand, we don't want to risk -- the risk of ruin to be within our books of business. And there are, on certain coverages like workers' compensation, with it's exclusive remedy. You can exclude the -- whatever incident happens, if you're injured at work, you need to get paid and that's the exclusive remedy of comp. We need some sort of catastrophic protection and the only person who has the unlimited ability to do it is the taxing authorities.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And Ian, it depends on their business plan, which they haven't disclosed to anybody yet. To write a lot of E&S business, you can't do it just with 4 people, you got to build infrastructure, you have to build underwriting teams and you got to distribute them around the country, especially if you're going to write small, medium-size accounts. If they're going to shoot elephants, then they can do it with half a dozen people sitting in 1 location. But there is so much of that business and the usual suspects compete with them, meaning people that they have significant capacity to do it. So it might -- not knowing what's going to happen, it might be a battle between 2 behemoths, the Berkshire and AIG, fighting for the large, or it might be more of a systematic creation of an E&S unit that it will take some time to build, because they have to build infrastructure and hire the underwriters, et cetera. Not I think, is questions you need to ask, Ajit [ph]. He will know more as to what he wants to do with his team. They're all capable executives. I'll give him a lot of credit for that, I think he hired some very good guys.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Don't look at it. We have the original contract and then we had a renewal and you might be seeing that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, [indiscernible], they year-end I think, is the '13 year. So you got '12 and you got '13 and maybe a little overlap of that. And don't forget, on mortgage insurance, your stream, it's not annual. It comes over 4, 5 years, maybe even 6 years before you...
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I mean, we got to get the reports from our cedents and usually we don't disagree significantly with them. Whatever they report to us, we book and if we have a disagreement, we might put a number that may be slightly different than that. But so far, it's been very, very good business. So I think you'll get a better indication by monitoring the numbers of the mono lines like Radian and others, as to what they think that business is all about.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we buy retro to balance our books sometimes, or when we think that we're getting a reasonable rate for the coverage. So -- and we're always out to see what the retro market might offer to us, but it's hit or miss. Sometimes if it gets very expensive, we don't buy. If we think it's a reasonable price, we buy.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No, you're asking for a dynamic kind of an approach to it. There is -- it depends on how that business flows in. The more business we write, we're going to support with additional capital. If the business doesn't flow, then it won't require as much capital. So as we mentioned before, I think the GSCs are looking to a 20:1 coverage ratio, capital to -- right now, I think a lot -- some of the competitors, and I haven't done the latest statistics, they're operating at 25:1 or some maybe even at 30:1. So -- but eventually, I think it's going to gravitate further down into the 20:1. So without knowing how much flow you're going to get, you don't know how much capital you need to provide.
Constantine P. Iordanou: New York has been a troubled market for a long, long period of time. California, has nothing to write home about either. A lot of what we do in construction is more like national accounts. It's 3 lines, restropectively rated. This is for medium and large contractors that predominantly, they're buying a lot of services and some buffer cover from us, because they will take the first $250,000 or $0.5 million of risk on their own and then they expect us to provide good services on the claim side. And there are not many competitors in that space. Travelers is a very good company who does that, Zurich does it, we do it. ACE is a company of course, AIG is there so -- and it depends on how good your underwriting units are. So in that area, we are seeing a positive move, and it's just not the workers' comp you're getting rate increases. I think all 3 lines on the nonstructured [ph] area, we call, which is the risk area, we're seeing good rate increases. And also that we see improvements in the collateral.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, first off, remember what we said, and then Dinos, I think, nailed it. This is, on a loss-sensitive perspective, these are large self-ratable contractors. This isn't the one-off guy out of the E&S market, that has no audited financials.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, there were some, Ian, that they were written on a guaranteed cost basis. Then they're thrown back. Now as the guarantee cost carriers say, "No, if you want that same program, I got to charge you x more." They say ,"No, let me move it into the loss-sensitive area and I'm willing to eat my own cooking, pay -- the law says there through a big deductible but -- and buy the buffer before I get into the excess market." So there is both. Like I said, I'm not sitting with the underwriters every single day, I just monitor what they do. But these are real numbers because we have -- one thing we're very confident is in our monitoring systems. They're true because there is an independence. I don't let the underwriters write their own report cards. They're all going to get As, I hate that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, thank you, Allison. Well, enjoy your lunch, everybody, and we'll see you next quarter. Have a good afternoon. Bye.
Mark D. Lyons: Just one piece of color to add to contrast a property piece of business being thrown over back to the surplus lines market versus casualty. I think you'd find the property units are recognizing that exposure difference more so than where it came from, and more pricing adjustments in terms of condition adjustments are happening. On the casualty side, it's a little more irrational. There's a little more -- it's a longer duration business, there's, I think, more of a not quite feeding frenzy, but I think there's a lot more competitors going after that and maybe ameliorating some of the increases that you're seeing on the casualty side.
Mark D. Lyons: I think mostly, you'd see the turnover in treasuries, where we're really -- we look to take advantage of some -- well, of generally most of the auctions that occur, but also to take advantage of the different points on the curve, when you may have a 7-year bond and then you hold it for a while then you can resell it as a 2-year -- a 5-year bond, and there's differentials that you can take on those. But you're not going to see -- there hasn't been a lot of churn on the municipal side for example.
Mark D. Lyons: Well Dinos is right. I mean, the earned effect is really a consequence of the individual decisions you make on a written basis. And so to Dinos' point, the earned will lag the improvement associated with the written change. So if things stay constant for the next 3 quarters and we maintain a 330 basis point spread, then that's what you should see on an earned basis, assuming annual policies, as it bleeds through. Mix is always a big issue here on both sides, Insurance and the Reinsurance side. So I think by controlling for line of business, a business-type mix and things like that, is the real difference that we look at, that doesn't jump out at you from the summarized results.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, certainly. I mean, Dinos commented on some, and let me explain it in 2 pieces. We're seeing still, some fairly significant margin expansions and lines of business that are improving, but still not making the cut. So some of the longer-tailed lines, Dinos referenced in his comments. So they're improving, we're glad to see that. They're not quite there to turn it to a green light status. However, some other profit centers, such as our loss-sensitive profit centers in construction and national accounts, where the pricing has not fallen anywhere near as much as some other lines of business, we're seeing some very good recovery there, to the point that they are into the green category, where they may have been in yellow in the past. I could do others, but I think they're probably the 2 best pockets of example.
Mark D. Lyons: Just as a follow up to Dinos. If you think back to our thinking. I think, Amit, you heard us say before that we were guided by that matrix that we have on the website, but we're not bound by it. But if you go back and look at what we've traded at over the quarter, it's pretty close to an ever-increasing sequence from about 1.22x of book to up to of about 1.48x of fourth quarter book value. And it was really about mid February that we crossed, I'll say, the 1.33x line, which you can kind of in a rough yeoman's way say, 10% return times 3 is really that ballast point, and so we weren't in any hurry really, to go in excess of that at that point. Now, with the increase to book value, we're trading, as of yesterday, probably a little south of 1.4x so -- but to echo Dinos' comments, we have to look at things relative to where it's traded, not just on an absolute basis.
Mark D. Lyons: Jay, I would just add. One of the other takeaways would be, especially in the U.K. motor, you shouldn't look at that as a book of business, you should look at it as a few large contracts. And hence, Dinos' point about rebinding them or renewing them or not, is what's driving it because it's not a big book of business.
Mark D. Lyons: Sure. I think what you'll see, some of it was -- you can deduce from our prepared comments. But in the U.S., the growth in the loss sensitive areas, which is construction and national accounts; we had growth in programs, as we also have commented on; we had some growth in surety, which is really a new team coming in and putting their view on things and expanding that into commercial surety, not just contract surety; our A&H businesses is really ramping up and so it's a large percentage increase compared to prior.
Mark D. Lyons: We expect, for the balance of this year, to probably see, relative to second quarter 2012, third quarter 2012, probably some additional reductions like we saw in this quarter.
Mark D. Lyons: If you do that, you're basically saying that we should see 0 on TIPS on a go forward basis, dating that back.
Mark D. Lyons: And one other comment to perhaps, help you. I think that was a good view that Dinos just provided you. But you got to think of it, we're kind of in a point of inflection with regard to net investment income. A lot of the alternative investments, as Dinos had mentioned, wind up showing their returns below the line instead of above the line. But there are a handful that will show some above the line benefit, but those are just ramping up. So for the balance of 2013, that kind of averaged, as Dinos talked about, is probably reasonable but those -- there's positive forces that could push that higher than that level in either the very end of 2013 or into 2014.
Mark D. Lyons: But to Dinos key point about, we're driven by the economics, not the accounting. The analogy on the business side is workers' compensation. I mean, if the industry was bound by how that's booked on excess workers' compensation, there'd be no market.
Mark D. Lyons: No. We don't. We're getting more traction on, as I said, regained programs or pieces of programs. But in the core same store, we're seeing some, I think, level of increasing ratable exposures. And the flip-flop of having audit premiums be positive, not negative like they've been in the past.
Mark D. Lyons: I think it begins with the recognition of behavior. What's the new behavior going to be with these. It's a set of customers written by 1 entity versus another entity. And it's whether they're more aggressive or less aggressive, and time will tell that. We don't know what that's going to be at this point. As far as -- I don't think it's appropriate for us to comment on relative adequacy of AIG business versus another carrier's business. We don't right just excess. We have a lot of primary business that we write also on an E&S basis. So we won't necessarily just be looking at business on a lead excess basis or something like that over AIG.
Mark D. Lyons: And don't underestimate Dinos' comment about infrastructure. Think of it this way, on the retail side, the customer really is the guy cutting the check at the end of the day. On the wholesale side, it's really the wholesale producer because of his aggregation aspects. And you need to be -- the proximity needs to be there to really maximize things with the wholesale producer, so the infrastructure's important.
Mark D. Lyons: You can tell that it's still -- they still eat what they kill. I mean, they went down to a 94%, which is still enormously high net to gross. It was just a couple of transactions to really cover the property business, a little bit of marine business. But I wouldn't view it as game changing, if that's what you're after.
Mark D. Lyons: I would just add that we make those comments about margin expansion. It doesn't always translate to $1 of premium. There's been upward movement in the large deductibles associated with that. So what was the $250,000 deductible might be a $400,000 deductible now. So you get some proof [ph] rate price increase, you get some exposure movements that give you more premium and then you get the beneficial trade-off of more premium with a higher attachment point.
