Constantine P. Iordanou: Okay. The -- we mentioned these in prior calls, too. Our emphasis has moved from -- we're doing less FY business and less commercial today and we're more in this small-to-medium size enterprises and private and not-for-profit. We try to -- even though the volume is being steady, I think there is less of the former and more of the latter in our book of business. The reserve adjustment that you mentioned, it was -- it's part of our usual concept of how we'll reserve the company. Early on, we get a claim or 2 even though we do have ample, IBNR, a lot of cases we choose not to adjust IBNR downwards and we allow that claim to go through. So it shows as adverse development from the prior year. But I think that's a prudent way of doing it. At the end of the day, nobody's sticking hand in their pockets and taking our money. So if in future the quarters, we don't need it, it's going to flow through. So we're still cautious on the executive assurance sector. And in due course, I think we would like to grow that business but we haven't rang the bell yet.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we always priced the cat business at ROE's north of 15% because that's a risky proposition. You take in a lot of the volatility off your client's books of business. So you're expected ROE has to be high. Now, not knowing -- it's a bit too early for rates to settle down but we expect to be a good season for Florida. And as you know, we have the room, we presented the PMLs to you. So depending on the rate environment, we probably try to take advantage of the market opportunities that they presented to us. But I can't predict. We don't try to predict the future. We just react to it when -- react to the opportunities as they are presented to us. So -- but I'm optimistic that we're going to get rate increases [indiscernible] 11 that is affecting that. There is supply and demand issues. So at the end of the day, I think it will be a good environment.
Constantine P. Iordanou: If you see where the growth came -- let me go back. On the rate increases alone, you're gaining just slightly because I said we're only slightly above trends. So call it a push to slight positive. So the improvement in the ROE is due to the growth that we've seen in some segments. For example, the property cat area that we have grown, it's not priced at 9% to 11% ROE. So it's the weighted average that is going up by giving a point or 2 but it's coming from the new segments. And I can tell you, we're not going to write the mortgage insurance at 9% to 10% ROE. That has to -- everything we do that is new to us got to meet our return characteristics of 15% better than that. So you have to take -- you have to take it from that point of view. So the overall book is improving, but it's improving because of the new opportunities which the price with a better ROE than the existing book we have we're defending.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, listen, you have to be in the market, there is customer relationships, there is market relationships, there is distribution relationships. We try to defend as much of our book as possible, with the eye that we have to have an adequate return, which is on us with our investors and we try to tell them what we believe we're underwriting this business to. Yes. Listen, we don't get into granularity, but I have business that we're running today that they were very low single-digit ROEs. And the reason we haven't got out of them is because this is not like light in the room with a switch on the wall and you flip it on and you flip it off. You've got to take the long-term view. Some years you might accept lower ROEs because over the 10-year period of time, it will give you a lot of opportunities in the future. So it's not as simple as on and off.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we know the issues. I think we have very good underwriters. It's the -- it's employment practices liability that is the major issue with the privately held and some of the not-for-profit. We have a lot of confidence in our underwriters to making good judgments and good selections on that book. So it's true with anything that you do. If it was so simple, everybody will be doing it, right? So we understand the issues, people are all over it and we still like those sectors.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's narrowed to the -- and I think it's a combination of 2 things. It's the sector, most of it is contractors. I think the strain that the economy has brought up on them and the sector itself, especially in some difficult state like New York is what caused some of the not as good a performance I would have expected from a specialty, a casualty book, because these are the books that perform extremely well in the 86, 87, 88 cycle and then later on. In this cycle, specialty, casualty and umbrellas and even some of the excess liability didn't horn in as much and it didn't give as much of profitability that I would have normally expected. Our book has diminished to almost nothing. But in the meantime, when I see signs that I need to be cautious with the reserving, we're not shy about putting it up because of the end of the day, it's the prudent thing to do in order for you as the market turns to know what the true profitability of this business is that is going to help you pricing as you go into the future. If you're not recognizing what the true profitability is, you might be misguided when it comes to making decisions going forward. So I spend a lot of time, I'm a frustrated actuary. I think I'm a decent underwriter but a frustrated actuary. They won't admit me to the Academy. They want all these exams to pass. But I spent a lot of time with the actuaries and I get personally involved in understanding what their selections are going to be, why they're going to be and we spend a lot of time with the claims department talking about what they see, what kind of cases, and what's the outlook. And we're cautious about it. Listen, look at our record. We released over $1 billion of reserves over time. And every time we do a little adjustment here and there for $5 million or $10 million, everybody has 42,000 questions.
Constantine P. Iordanou: We have a signal. We don't want everybody to know about it, the way we fight the business. But also you got to see that the Insurance Group is very well reserved. We give you enough in the supplement to -- and the schedule appears for you to look at it.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the -- our cedent has been around for a long time and they partner with us because they see the opportunities, we see the same opportunities and they wanted to do more with our help. They have a lot of capability of their own and a lot of capacity of their own, but they want to still -- the market was demanding more and they want to do more. It expands their ability to have more customer relationships. It's all new business. It's going to be newer originations from October 1 of '11 to the end of contract. And I don't know if they're going to renew or not, but it ends at the end of '12 and it's for their prime book. And the underwriting environment, the underwriting guidelines and the environment, they're all extremely positive for that. So we're excited. As far as the volume is concerned, this has potential to be over the life of the contract, $80 million to $100 million. But as you -- there is some contracts that they pay upfront and some that is part of the monthly mortgage payment. And it's kind of a recon [ph] and earn kind of a pattern. And usually, you might get 65% to 70% of the premium over the first 3 to 4 years and then the rest of it trails all the way out to maybe -- I mean, it can go over 30 years. But in essence, the average mortgages is outstanding for about 7 or thereabouts. So hard to give you more specifics than that because we don't know either if they're going to originate them and we're going to take our slice as a quota share participant and then we'll account for it as it comes in.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it wasn't big, it was -- I think it was a balance between what we have down in Florida versus in the Northeast. And sometimes we'll look at those opportunities. We might do a swap with somebody else that it might be a little bit over line in Florida and might be a little over line in the Northeast just to balance our PMLs. But it's not significant. These things are -- usually what we do is in the $25 million to $50 million range. So on the scheme of things, when you're putting out $800 million, $860 million PML, not, not significant.
Constantine P. Iordanou: I would think so. I think we're finding a lot of opportunities to -- the combination of what we do with the high-grade fixed income as -- and these alternative investments we do. If you blend it, it will give you better returns than that. The problem sometimes is we have with the structures of some of these, some of them they get accounted on an equity method. So in essence, if I wasn't part of the fun and I had it on my own, it might have been considered as investment income. But because I'm more a part of a fund, it comes in as realized or unrealized gains. So I know it makes it difficult for you because you got to model us. But we're more focused on total return because I get paid to move book value per share up. That's what I get paid to do. So at the end of the day, these operating earnings versus net earnings and all that, it's all well and good as long as book value per share keeps going up.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I mean, we gave you the numbers. The remaining investment, call it book value, Aeolus is only approximately $10 million left. And basically, I will put a runoff period of -- because we haven't reinvested on the new fund. So this is the old one and it's maybe another 3, 4 quarters and it's going to go to 0, right? We probably -- if they have no losses recognized as income, and if there is losses might go the wrong way. But it's been a very successful investment. We invested $50 million. It was 5 years ago. We already received $83 million in -- so we made over 6% on our money over the 5-year period and we still have potentially another $10 million of book value that -- once they close their books, it will return. But it's going to be within the end of this year, maybe early next year.
Constantine P. Iordanou: I mean, tornadoes, it's a peculiar animal as far as I'm concerned, because depending who you're supporting, small companies versus small mutual versus larger companies and what their retentions, you might be as a reinsurers might be attaching relatively low attachment points. And it's kind of random event. They might hit a whole neighborhood and you'll see that happens to have a lot of exposure there and all of a sudden it's going to get into the reinsurance layers. So there is no good modeling on tornadoes, there is no good predictability. You might price the business well and still get hit because you just got unlucky that the tornado hit in the county that you wrote one of those county mutuals and they got most of the losses. Now, what we try to do is try to balance the book by having spread of risk and understanding that we're going to get hit occasionally on tornado losses because that's the nature of the business. So I -- it's not a surprise to me that some reinsurers are getting hit with tornado losses. And you see to be kind of a random event that one might get hit and another one might not be because that's the way tornadoes affect from the loss point of view.
Constantine P. Iordanou: New [indiscernible] for us is very hard to model. As a matter of fact, it's the only zone that from a PML point of view, we use the 1 in 500 and not the 1 in 250. That's a peculiarity we have. We sometimes were a little more strange than others. But on the tornado side, all I tell our guys that we do most of their tornado exposure out of a Morristown Reinsurance office is we try to get a good spread and not have concentrations and get unlucky. Because concentrations will give you 2 things, either no losses or significant losses. We don't like significant losses, which is it shows us as a company to be worse than our peers.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It works both ways, actually. Sometimes, favorable development might give them profit commissions. Right. There is a cause on the acquisition side too. So when you move the loss ratio, you got to look at these contracts and sometimes, it's a good thing for us but also we have to pay some of it as profit commission back to clients.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we've seen both. We've seen companies looking for partners. And it doesn't mean all of them are in some sort of financial difficulty. Sometimes it does make sense from building industrial-strength to merge a couple of companies. But also we've seen companies, both in Europe and here, looking for kind of transactions that in my view the kind of surplus relief kind of transactions, don't have enough capital, can't access the capital markets but through a major reinsurance contract might net down the unmet exposure. So in essence, they get a pass from the rating agency. So we've seen both. We haven't had any transactions because like I said, they bid and ask. A lot of them, they want to do these transactions sometimes and their starting point is like 7%, 8% ROE. I don't want to waste my time. My cost of capital is higher than that and I'm not going to do transactions just to put capital to work at 7%, 8%, 9%. If I'm going to do these transactions they got to be in the double digits. And we've done -- we've made proposals on a few at 12% ROE and we couldn't get to close any of those.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No. On the other hand, I don't think the capital markets are responding to them because I don't see a lot of them going out and trying to raise funds, I don't know, 8%, 10%. The reason they're in the reinsurance market for this kind of transactions is because they don't believe that capital markets probably will respond to them.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. We've seen some on the Professional Liability sector. We've seen us binding on some treaties depending on what the underwriters are and what of the book of business is, et cetera that we wouldn't have done maybe 2 years ago. And I think that's the improved environment. So we've seen that. The other thing we've seen is -- don't make a lot out of this, I'm just going to share a statistics with you. Our E&S submission activity quarter-over-quarter, it was up 9%. This is first quarter of '11 versus first quarter of '12. So we've seen the signs that standard markets are looking at their books and what traditionally should have been maybe in the E&S market, they're throwing it in the E&S market. And we've seen that activity. We're binding more on the property side on the E&S, not as much on the liability side yet because we still don't like the rates as much. But we've seen that movement. As a comparison, our year's statistics from 2010 to '11 for the full year, the E&S submission growth was only 2%. So one quarter doesn't tell a whole year so I don't get overly excited especially. But I think overall, we're seeing a little more of an opportunity for us to underwrite some business and make the cut, so to speak, where a year or 2 years ago they wouldn't.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I think you got to go line-by-line and sometimes state-by-state. Like, we're not a big comp right there but workers' comp needs a lot of work. And you got to go back state-by-state. In some cases, you need 20% or 30% additional rate in order to make it at the 15% ROE. I think the umbrella business needs -- has a long way to go still. 6%, 7%, 8%, 10% rate increases ain't going to do it. So you got to go line-by-line. I don't have all my cheat sheets here. The way we run the company, I think we share that with most of our investors is that, we have a green, yellow, and red lights on different books of business. And I think we're starting to see some red go to yellow and some of the yellow go to green. But it's not significant yet. And we do that granular analysis when we sit with our profit centers, when we do the profitability reviews and review the business plans, which we start with the market environment what we think the market pricing is. And if we, the question we try to answer, if we are the average underwriter, no better, no worse than the industry, do you want to be in the sector? And how much would you write? And would you give it a green light? That means write as much as you can? Or would you be a yellow, that means with caution, you can write. And if it's red, be very defensive.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Not yet, but it's a question mark, because we're working on things that I don't know what the outcome is going to be. So it's very hard to answer that question. That's why I said I have a wait-and-see attitude. And I think this market is changing not because there is big balance sheet holes. This is not a balance sheet problem. It's not a reserve issue. Maybe some companies might have a little bit here and there that they might have to fix. It's mostly a return, market turn. If you scream out the, hey, we're having the bond from prior years and we're reading from reserve releases and you normalize cats, the accident year ROEs are not yet that good. So they need improvement and that's why you're seeing the market moving. But now it's true that we probably have less red buckets that we have before, yellow is growing and if you think slipping into green for us. So if you like my analogy is I think -- and I didn't do it percentage-wise, but I would say, it's still 35%, or 40% is in the red as far as we are concerned from an attractive point of view. I don't move, I like the market cycle when everything is green and yellow and nothing in the red, and we're not there yet.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Not all of it. I mean, we have paid some. I don't think of the cheat sheet here to go through. But I can tell you, we're pretty quick with responding to client's request for payment if there is no argument on dispute. We have a great reputation of paying on time. As a matter-of-fact, when we visited Japan, even though our exposure was very small, the Japanese congratulated us as to how quickly we were payers for their losses.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I think it’s both. Fixed business mix and also the lines that they're getting the rate increases are not losing ground to lost cost trend. So in essence, no line is getting worse and some, they're improving. So that combination plus the business mix meaning, where are we growing? Are we growing out property cat which is better than the numbers that we mentioned? It changes the weighted average. So I would characterize our 2012 as we start market contagion. And I'll make a fool out of myself trying to predict the future. But right now, as I see, we're probably, at least 1 point, maybe 2 ROE points better my underwriting year '11 is going to come in.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. You're going to see the fourth quarter, first quarter and the second quarter. But don't forget, this -- you've got to stretch it out for 16 quarters.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Japan, as I said, we moved, we've got $260 million on the earthquake and we got about $75 million on the wind, Japan wind. I don't think either Australia or New Zealand, the bigger numbers on that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Trying to -- I think we have agreements at a lower level and is working in our organization, on the lower level. So in their organization, they have to go through 4, 5 layers before they can. So that's what's holding it up. It's like an elephant baby pregnancy. Banks, sometimes, or building societies work in a much slower pace than we do.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, all, for bearing with us. And we're looking forward to seeing you and talking to you next quarter. Have a wonderful day.
John C.R. Hele: Keith, also the comments often on EA are about the U.S. market in terms of rate. And the reserves, they all came from an international policy form that it's from a small specific group.
John C.R. Hele: Well, there's 2 things. Spreads to treasuries over most asset classes, single A bonds, mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities all narrowed quite a bit first quarter '12 versus last year. So that affected how we reinvested in our general blend of investments. We also are tending to put some more investments now into some funds that we view will have some more potential upside, but have perhaps lower investment yield right now because they may be accounted for it at fair value option. We have more investments if you look at the balance sheet accounted for at fair value than compared to, say, a year ago. And so that all -- come to quoted number might be a little less but the total return should be a little better.
John C.R. Hele: Well, we've got some interesting investments, some funds where we're doing some mortgage servicing or some interesting loans that are going out. So we are participating in -- these are $15 million, $25 million, $30 million type single investments. But if you add them up, we're getting -- we think these over the longer will give us some better upside return than 40 basis points from 3-year treasures.
John C.R. Hele: No. The cat is a natural catastrophe event and Costa Concordia is a man-made mistake. So -- but we wanted to break that out for you to have it clear for you.
John C.R. Hele: Costa Concordia happened between Reinsurance and Insurance. Just to be clear for you on a net basis, Costa Concordia was about $6 million in Reinsurance and the $13.6 million in Insurance. And the Elgin was all in the Reinsurance.
John C.R. Hele: That Elgin oil platform. It's in the North Sea. I think it still had natural gas going into the air, it's not on fire anymore. It seems to be under control. They're building their relief well, and we have a bid up just against that.
John C.R. Hele: Yes. Last year and then they're getting up to speed now as renewals come up. And they fell to the SME businesses in U.K. and Europe.
John C.R. Hele: I would just like to add that the very high quality stuff that we tend to put a lot in can be often towards the lower of that 2% to 2.5% range. And would stay in short as well. So if spreads stay down and we stay at 40 basis points or Lord knows it could be worse. I think it's very hard to forecast this right now in today's economy with so much going on. So I just -- but we're trying to take a balanced approach, as Dinos said, and go for total return which we expect to be in the 2% to 2.5 range. But where we actually end up each quarter going forward is going to be as things pull out.
John C.R. Hele: No. The impact on acquisition costs was because it ceded relationships with adverse development, so with less credit coming in from profit-sharing on Reinsurance contracts. So that's why the adjustment went.
John C.R. Hele: Right. The credit system because we're unfavorable, we would have had proper commission credit come in. Now it's going back out.
Ian Gutterman: I guess first your comment about business you run in the quarter, 9% to 11% returns. I mean that's better where it's been but it's okay. Is that really enough to justify growing double digits in the quarter or is it...
Ian Gutterman: I understand. I assumed the marginal opportunities were higher than that. I guess I would have thought to fund those marginal opportunities, maybe you would have taken a finer brush to the renewal book that would have some of the mid-single-digit returns and maybe try to let some of the business go to people who are being more opportunistic these days growing.
Ian Gutterman: No, I understand. It's just most of that $1 billion or whatever that is has come through Reinsurance. I've never quite a figured out why. And it seems that Reinsurance business -- I know of issues of you reserved that more conservatively initially, or if it's just the way loss trends worked out? It's just hard to figure that out from here but...
Matthew G. Heimermann: A couple of quick questions. Just back on the executive assurance. I guess what surprised me there was I think you've spoken the portfolio is staffed adequately. But I was just surprised by the level of growth. And I didn't know if there is some new distribution relationships that turned on that potentially bolstered the numbers as just an easy comp with last year. That was the issue more than the trend that I was struggling with.
Matthew G. Heimermann: No, that's fair. And I was focused more on the recurring side. The only other question I had was just...
Matthew G. Heimermann: Okay. So fair. So you might be close to the arithmetic mean but that doesn't mean you might end up at the bottom depending on what risk rewards looks like. Okay. And then just, Aeolus been a contributor of the other income line over the last couple of years. But obviously, the size of the investment left in that vehicle has declined. So I'm just curious if there's any guidance you could give us and how we should think about maybe the other income line changing on a go-forward basis forward to the past? And I'm obviously thinking kind of last 3 quarters, not the couple, the 1 or 2 quarters where we had...
