Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. Early estimates and is quite early - is that it would be within our cat mode and remind everybody our cat mode is about $40 million a quarter. So, what we see on a model base is, we get a number close to the cat or when we see the actual claim reporting activity is much lower, so it's too early for us to narrow that number, but it looks to us like it's within the cat mode.
Constantine Iordanou: Right now, it looks it's a 50-50 allocation between the two, excess and then reshaping the portfolio, we still have an average that somewhat in more stable with the PML could change dramatically. So, the shape of our curve last change as we have gotten away from the high-risk excess area specifically on the cat reinsurance.
Constantine Iordanou: I don’t know, I guess, it depends on what happens with the - President is going to be Congress and are they friendly to the business environment or unfriendly you know without knowing that it’s - the big issue for the insurance business is going to be on appointment of judges, how the Supreme Court, it will be and it’s a slow process but if we continue in the path over the last eight years, I can tell you that the future is going to be more challenging for the business and we've got to adjust to it, because at the end of the day that’s what our words get determined you know not only in the cases that they get litigated, but also in the cases that they get settled, because the settlement values go up based on the attitude of the courts. So, not knowing what’s going to happen hard to predict.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, let me answer the first one. I’ll get Marc Grandisson to get on the second part of your question. But on the first one, first and foremost, you got to understand that we’re running independent of each other. We're still two independent companies, we want to come together after closing. So, our discussions with the market and the clients is separate from the UGC discussions with the market and the client. No indications yet, that there is any discomfort, you know about what they do with us or they do with that. Once we close and we become one company will revisit that issue, but nothing so forth that indicates any significant overlap that it might be problematic.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, no. On the insurance growth, it was a shorty loans that we have accounted for it to its full extent. Surety it's a line of business by nature. Occasionally, it will give you that volatility. One quarter you have a big lowest than two, three quarters loan losses. So, I don’t, you know we look at the book and the composition of the book and the long-term performance in making you know judgments as to how healthy or unhealthy that book is. So, one quarter event doesn’t really give you a trend so to speak. On similar case with the reinsurance. This is you know, excessive loss property - transactions and you know occasionally that’s where you’re in business. You will - you take in the volatility from your clients, so when it happens you know it comes to the books. But that particular unit has been a big, big money maker for us and it continues to be, so I don’t attribute that as a trend.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah, it will probably take at least two or three quarters for our investment professionals to make whatever changes we feel that are appropriate, but at the end of the day, it’s going to be - it’s going to look more like the Arch duration and credit quality than what exist today.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. The thought process is more important than the actual specific transactions when - with everything we do we have an overlay of the risk management, we look at our capital, we need - how much risk is putting for us to carry and at the end of the day, we look for ways to manage that and reinsurance is one way to do it. So, we’ll look at it from a global perspective, how much MI business we have, how much we will attain that to our books and then the rest of it we ensure. And that’s the attitude with everything that we do, it’s not only on the MI side, it's also on the PMC side both reinsurance and insurance and as we said in prior calls going forward as per the acquisition is completed with United Guaranty, we will be looking at the MI book including the U.S. book and buying the appropriate aggregate protection to make sure that we have from a risk management point of view, the profit parameters. We always think about PML, we think about PMLs also not on the PMC side only, but also on the mortgage side and that will drive a lot of our decisions doing a Valemid [ph] 3 and doing aggregate excess of loss for different years. As Mark told you the transaction we have with AIG will have in 2016 and prior 2009 to 2016. So, all those years are taking care of, so to speak. And then for us is what we do for 2017, 2018, 2019 ad as we go forward. But that's the philosophy and is no different than what - how we run the group for the last 15 years. Measure approach to pricing properly and then making sure we don't take too much of the meal independent how profitable that meal is.
Constantine Iordanou: As you can tell from my voice I'm a little bit under the weather. So, the meal for today is - Avgolemono [ph], which in Greek means Lemon soup. That's the only thing that cures common cold.
Constantine Iordanou: We don't see anything that clouds the horizon. I think it's pretty clear, all the indications is that it's a stable market, pricing has been stable, the environment is good. We're projecting housing prices to be going up somewhere between 3% and 5% next year. Yes, there is certain states especially the energy states that there might be some issues but that's what rates starts is all about. We look at an adjusting pricing on the basis of what the risk components are. But long-term, we view the market to be very healthy and there is no indication for us that it's going to change in the next few years.
Constantine Iordanou: I have no idea what the FHA will do. And I don't like to guess. At the end of the day, a lot will depend on the actuarial work that is going to be done to see what their capital requirements, if they're meeting the minimum standard that report usually comes out in mid-November and so for so. But we don't anticipate it before the election, but you never know after the election. Once they take an action then we can gauge what that might mean. But without them doing something is very hard to predict.
Constantine Iordanou: We don't basically the GSEs they're interested in having two avenues, the cash market and also the reinsurance market. Their allocation has been pretty constant so to speak about 25% to 35% depending on the quarter to the reinsurance market. And then the rest of it 65% to 75% in the cash market and they're being consistent with that approach. Now, I don't believe they have any concerns about the creditworthiness of the reinsurers. Because at the end of the day, they make the selection as to whom they're going to allocate these transactions to show. As the matter of fact for the GSEs is terrific by looking at the credit quality of the reinsurance and allocate what portion of the deal they want to allocate to any particular individual.
Constantine Iordanou: These are product lines and don’t forget, when we build Arch we got into product lines that nobody wanted to do back in 2002, 2003, 2004, because some of them they can be slow growth unless you make a major purchase. These things require patience and perseverance to make them meaningful all the time. Yes, depending on the cycle, there is more competition or less competition, but more importantly with these kind of products, you have to have a long-term view and a long-term commitment, and it will take time to build volume. It doesn’t fit with the thesis of instant creditification, you know you don’t get that with these kinds of product. So, we will be very patience and we have grown some businesses from nothing to a reasonable size, I mean our lenders business grew over the years from some $20 million to over a $100 million in premium. And we try to find these little nuggets that we work all the time to give us more control of our portfolio. And as Marc Grandisson said, and I’ll turn it over to you for his comment. That low volatility business is what we like to build most of our insurance group, not abandoning the other segments, because the other segments even though they - in certain market conditions, you can make a lot of month, if the market is very hot, we're right, a lot of the coverage that we are not willing to do today, it's not that business, it's just by prices business. When the price improves, it's a good business.
Constantine Iordanou: I don’t know the - you're talking about a transaction with a Chinese ownership. So, I think that’s an appropriate question to us to the distributors of the product. I mean this is for banks to determine if they want to continue to do business or not, but not for us so I would know, I have no, I have the faintest idea if their reaction will be positive or negative.
Constantine Iordanou: No concern with whoever, this is more from an aggregation point of view how much you want to have from an overall MI book of business because there are the reinsurance that they participate on the deal they got pretty good return characteristics, they’re going to make some good money on it. At the end of the day either you’ll add a lot of capital to new balance sheet and you may have maybe a little over commitment to one line of business versus other or you try to keep the balance and this was more balancing from our perspective.
Constantine Iordanou: If you don’t measure correctly, you can’t make good pricing arguments going forward and we rather say what we see and you guys make the judgment if others are not willing to talk about it.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah, there is a big component of that. But understanding of that, but that’s only that is you know. At the end of the day they know over their career with us. They're going to have good years and they're going to have some not so good years. But overall, if they produce for our shareholders, they're going to make very good money. And for those who have been and we have a pretty stable management, they have done extremely well.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, no, the 25% is board allows us to risk. You know assuming we like the pricing and risk relationships, right. The fact that we’re at 7.4% today is an underwriting judgment, the management is making, it’s not a restriction by book. If rates quadrupled tomorrow, I can go to 50% of capital exposure on PML without going back to my board and says, hey that 25 is too low and you've got to change it, and if we change it, we are going to come and tell you, because I think shareholders need to know what kind of exposure you take. You know, don’t forget, and I don’t know what other of my companies do. But we do PML calculations on the MI business also. You know, and it’s a requirement, but our risk committee of the board, you know that every quarter will talk about you know how much is our PML you know, on our MI business, and that’s the reason we have all these discussions about, you know how much reinsurance both you know total share or aggregate excess of loss or transactions like Valemi 1, Valemi 2 [ph] or similar type of transactions which I might do in the future. You know so all of that is around understanding that we have one simple principle that drives our risk management philosophy, that independent of what event happens. We have to not injure the balance sheet to the point that we not in a very strong competitive position the day after.
Constantine Iordanou: Not quite. I mean 25% of equity capital it's a limit, it’s a pretty safe limit. You know for adverse conditions. You're talking about in one in a 250 type of events. So, the PML calculations that we do for our MI business, it’s somewhat even worse than the recent financial crisis we have passed. We have gone by all the way to the depression and factor in a lot of available and skimpy available statistical information to come up with some reasonable assumptions as to what how things might look like if we have events of that nature and we still want this company not only to survive but to be in a strong competitive position the day after.
Constantine Iordanou: It was a construction bond, it was maturity, one of our contractors messed up and we have to step in and you saw a lot of prices some steady in Connecticut deal.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. I think - the investment portfolio in that and that’s why we don’t do - our MBS will clash with what we - and we consider that, in part of our mix how we manage the company.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, thank you for listening to us and we’re looking forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon.
Mark Lyons: That reflects, yeah, that reflected an estimate of the mix between goodwill and intangibles at the time, as we work through towards closing and getting much more clarity on what goodwill versus amortizable intangibles that will modify it. In fact, I think, you can see some of that in the respected supplement that we had for the preferred offering, you know, some accounting rules around it, but there was more refinance on the intangibles and whenever we go to the markets next and that will have close-up you might see an adjustment there, what matters is what if there is a closing and we’re working with our auditors to fine tune that.
Mark Lyons: And Kai, it's Mark Lyons. Let me just add that when we are doing our economic analysis of this deal, and when we and we communicated on our call-in August, about this transaction. We actually anticipate some fall off of the market share. So, to the extent that there is some marginal fall off, it wouldn't surprise us and it's the fact that it contemplates.
Mark Lyons: Well, I think you can, what you call interest expense, you can take your five and the quarter times the 450 and add that in. As far as we’re really not in the position yet to discuss the timing or expense of any additional offering. But we are striving towards closing at year-end. So, there is two months to accomplish.
Mark Lyons: Kai, just one more thing as Dinos has noted about the reinsurance side that facultative group has been enormously profitable by its nature short tailed excess position, it’s going to be volatile any given quarter could be volatile. And our view there was roughly 2.5 a little more of long-term loss ratio points that may have been excess of what you normally would see which translates, if you go back and do the arithmetic, it pushes to go about a 60 or a 59 on the adjustment for the loss ratio for the reinsurance group totality versus 59 the prior year, so it's 90 basis point movement.
Mark Lyons: Let me start and ask Dinos to say a few words too. First off, once the closing occurs the management of that will transfer of course to AIM which is our internal Arch Investment Management. The coupons on that book is higher it’s about 3, I think maybe 3:5 is the average coupon, it’s a lot of credit book in there, which could be reshaped. So, I think some of that is timing, I would expect it to conform more towards Arch’s approach of total return and Arch is getting lost on the source of coupon income, so that will more for overtime probably throughout the course of 2017.
Mark Lyons: Every quarter, there is - it's always a new story, so I wouldn’t look at in a trend sense. Back to my total return comments, I mean clearly that's a group harvested some gains hence the approximate of $100 million of realized gains I noted, so again based upon our total return approach, so you get those gains and you put some of that back in to the extent to which you put back into fixed income, you got new money rates there.
Mark Lyons: Okay. Good question. First, a slight correction to what you said, mortgage was contributory to that, but remember our mortgage segment is very broadened some of that is that of Bermuda [ph] and other jurisdictions and the U.S. semi operation clearly was contributing positive underwriting gain at this point, so they were contributory, but let's not overlook, the facultative unit we talked about on the property side, the insurance group and the onshore reinsurance group all were profitable and contributing income. So, it's really the composite of those of Michael that actually inched up the effective tax rate The second part of your question with UGC, we talked about it on our call about UGC, we plan on having a subject to improvable course with GSEs, a core share facility in place, so only - roughly half of those exposures and gains will be resident in the U.S. jurisdictions, so it’s going to have an uplift, but probably not the slope of uplift that you might be contemplating.
Mark Lyons: And Josh, I would add and that’s probably available information. By their own accounts Lloyds has about a 3% on the current underwriting here about a 3% to 4% return expectation return on capacity, so that tells you something about the absolute rate level.
Marc Grandisson: Actually, yeah this is Marc now. Actually, part of the division so the highlight to us that, there is not as much overlap as we might think. But again, the proof I mean putting after we close the books, then we go and represent some of those that are - that have that we may have overlap on, story to tell right now. In terms of the expense savings or working through the operations. We have teams that are dedicating working very, very diligently to try to assess and first and foremost try to understand what both sides have in terms of system and operations and structure. to how we can make something that would be unique and cohesive as we go forward after the closing. We’re making good progress in that direction. At that point in time, we’re not so focused on to address your questions specifically on the expense savings or whatnot if they are there and we are as we said in August, not doing that transaction for that reason. First and foremost, we think there will be some we don’t know how much it’s going to be. Our team also going through that process. And the savings might come necessarily on a linear basis and then we'll have to integrate and get things together. So, it’s very hard for us to tell you anything more than this at this point in time.
Marc Grandisson: In fact, we looked at the last - the trailing 12 months’ accident year combined ratio adjusted for all these large losses and it’s actually very, very stable, which is what we care for like Dinos' point one quarter does not make a trend and where we’re right now, we’re very comfortable and very happy with the stability actually of the accident year combined ratio.
Marc Grandisson: A couple of layers there. First layer of answer is that between AIG and Arch, we have agreed on terms and conditions of it, it is not yet signed because we need approval of the GSE’s that’s a requirement and that’s part of our discussion with them now. So, that's the first point. So, I would say significant progress on that aspect. Secondly, it’s an aggregate excess of loss that is a couple of layers involved, but it’s effectively 2009 through year end of 2016 coverages, there is an out of the money cover that in the aggregate provides quite a bit of capital release from the viewpoint of S&P.
Marc Grandisson: On travel side, I think I would echo what Dinos just said obviously, but in addition we have a couple of new transactions that we’ve entered into programs and have been very, very nice now going so far. We are also investing and it’s also a very intense technology play and we are always and on the look to build that aspect to the book of business, because to your point it's low volatility, it's also - it derives sticky, a lot stickier than other business could be. So, we are definitely focusing evermore and this I think the reflection of the premium and this is sort of reflection of our efforts in this space and I think you should expect more in the future.
Marc Grandisson: I think that we have a sort of one individual that joined us that was obviously publicly discussed. We’re exploring at this point we’re really looking around and try to see whether there’s something to be done there, whether it’s Arch or not I mean we have all the things on the table, we’re exploring what is out there, but certainly we did an LPT last quarter as you remember. We do think that space has an ended self to a level of high interest at this point in time. I think we’re certainly in the place where rates have been going down in certain sectors and some clients may have, may be running out of patience and tolerance for some books of business and certainly we are always, Dinos and I always looking forward to provide services and products to the market place that would help the industry that’s certainly one area. But we’re still working through it and when we have something we’ll obviously let you know, we’ll announce it -.
Marc Grandisson: But listen the theme here is every time you come out of a soft market I know surely we’ll come out of a soft market there was repair work that needs to be done and we want to participate in the repair.
Marc Grandisson: The UK market is extremely competitive and has been for a long time especially the traditional Lloyds placement and international business and open broker, so that’s going on, that’s been going on for a little while so it’s not new Josh, but in terms of leading where it’s going to go unfortunately we, I'm afraid that we’ll have to experience further rate decreases going forward into the lot of competition ahead in the London market and the UK market more broadly. So, but again things may change on some of that happen and they change things overnight. But there certainly is a lot of competition out there, we don’t see anything at being at this point.
Marc Grandisson: I think the shifting in our book of business I mean people are working extremely hard to transform or to just gradually over the cycle as we try to do, as we’ve been working on for the last 10 years to shift towards low volume controllable business, it takes a lot of work and lot of efforts. So, I would just say that it’s just a shifting and realigning our expertise and assets for our people towards different lines of business. Things are transportable across lines of business not like an excess D&O, you can only do excess D&O and there’s a lot of stuff that that person can enhance the culture and the understanding as to how recycle management. So, we try and very hard to keep those people, and keep them busy doing other things. It’s only reinsurance and on the reinsurance, across the P&C units.
