Marc Grandisson: Well, I think the -- it's still early. We have a lot of movement in the marketplace and capital and people are, as you can appreciate, positioning at all the conferences. But our general consensus in the team when we talk to underwriters is that we'll still have improvements in 1/1/24, not as big as 1/1/23, we're still going to get some slight improvement on the reinsurance side of things. What is also -- I mentioned before, this is not really fully reflecting what we believe has been the re-underwriting and reallocating of capacity by our clients, and that remains to be seen how it's going to be reflected and it will depend on the clients frankly. But overall, we still expect a very healthy, very robust 1/1/24 renewal on property.
Marc Grandisson: It's a great question. I think the -- we have a big play in property, as you saw between the property cat on the region side that is and the property other than have core shares and thing in between. So I think we're still very much keen on that line of the business. Liability is a bit harder to evaluate right now because I think the first order is going to have to be looking at our plan for 2024, looking at the reserve or development of the area, the just talking about our clients. So it's going to take a little bit more time for people to figure out what it is they have and what they want to do with it going forward '24. So we'll have probably some of us think that we may have a renewal that is a bit more not as stable as it once was. So I think we'll probably see the early innings to go back to my baseball analogy of that liability possibly at 1/1. The one beautiful thing about GL or the one bad thing depending on the cyber market you're in, it's a longer-term development on a softening and on the hardening the GL can -- it will take a little bit longer to get to where it needs to get to because it takes time for you to get the losses, reflect them in the reserving, and we have a good sense of where the ultimate results are from the prior year to adjust and help inform the pricing you're going to have over there. So this is going to be a lot -- much more protracted third act than the second net was.
Marc Grandisson: The one thing I would add, Jimmy, to what François just mentioned, is that we are you're hearing from the call that it's going to be more acute, more of a pressure point on the larger accounts than the smaller accounts. I think that the limits deployed there and the uncertainty and the combination of all these years developing is a little bit more probably more a bit more of an urgency in that sector. So we expect the larger accounts, which we don't do a lot of on the insurance side to be the first one to really feel the pressure.
Marc Grandisson: I'll just add one thing to me on the industry. The industry is extremely disciplined again, a very nice thing to see around us. So from an ongoing perspective, putting the reserve for one second, if I can talk to the -- our expectations. And we think that there's still risk on the horizon, but the credit quality of our portfolio the housing supply imbalance that you hear fromFrançois and the fact that we have a lot of healthy equity into a policies in force is it looks really, really good. And when we say that our mortgage growth is also doing very well, and that's what we mean. It's in a really good place.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. In terms of return expectations, I think your instinct is right on. I think reinsurance is providing right now very, very healthy returns. We expect this to continue into '24 and '25, to be honest. But the insurance group, I think it's one quarter, there's couple of moving parts due to some accounting thing, timing and stuff here and there sometimes. But as François mentioned, the growth in the line that we like to see growth into I'm very pleased to see because this is where I would expect the team to grow it but the market conditions are great there. And I would expect even some of those nonprofessional lines to actually maybe carry the day bit more going forward. I wouldn't be surprised that we could go back above 10% next quarter and into 2024. So I'm not -- I don't see one quarter of the trend, to be honest.
Marc Grandisson: So Yaron, if I look at the high level, the way we think about -- we think about it, it's different perhaps than even our underwriting units, meaning that they don't really, they were doubting how much capital is allocated to them at the beginning of the period. I want to remind everyone that people write the business or underwriting fee write the business. And then we -- after that, charge them with the capital they've been using. And based on the planning and all the expectations that we have, our message there has been -- there is no capital constraint or issue concerns that, that pertains to you guys. If you see the market being a better and even get better than we saw, feel free to deploy more capital if you wish to do so. So there's definitely there's all hands on deck go forward if we can invite the business. That's one thing that's really nice and we'll then attribute the capital after we have written the business. That's what we do every year. On the property cat side, which is probably a more interesting one for is worth to you, we're about 85% allocated to the reinsurance group in terms of PML thatFrançois mentioned. And I think it's because the returns there are a little bit more favorable on the reinsurance side. And then we had the discussion at the group level. That's one exception. So when we have an acute or a specific area of the capital, we'll sit down with the Insurance Group and Reinsurance Group with Nicolas facilitating the whole discussion, and we'll sort of decide to roughly broadly where we want to allocate capital.
Marc Grandisson: I think you answered the question beautifully. I mean by asking a question to give the answer, I think that all those things you said are true. I'll get to the lines in a second. But to your point is exactly right. We're going to this hard market and we make -- we still value reinsurance. You cannot go without a reinterest. You still need for various reasons, limits management, risk management and also information, right? Reinsurers are providing us on the insurance side with valuable information about what the market is and the state of the market. So we don't want to be an outlier out there. So it's always good to have this as an additional value proposition from the reinsurance companies. In terms of what we decided to do over three years, you're quite right, we have been building, asFrançois mentioned, a significant amount of capital through our mortgage earnings. So that's certainly something that was helpful and available to deploy in other areas, and that also helps being able to maintain and retain more net. I think if you at a high level, I think that the patterns of buying, we're buying a fair amount of less on the liability lines, specifically those that went through the first act and really had a lot of good uplift. So we definitely saw that happening on the property, even though the property is very hard, as we all know, since last year, this is a much more volatile line of business, so we still maintain our loss on the cat side and still by a quota share, a significant quota share on that business as well. So I think overall, it's meant to be the balancing act between providing relief or volatility protection to some extent and information. But you're quite right, having more capital definitely helped us take more net on our balance sheet.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think the industry is -- there's a couple of things going on at the same time, and they unfortunately don't go in the right direction for both for all our industry if you have written casualty. First, we have -- as I mentioned in my comments, we had a bit of a slowdown in activity including core activity, settlement activity. And we also have, as we all know, there's a lot of litigation funding, it's a bit more aggressive is coming from the platelet bar, and that's certainly something that you could describe to be social inflation, but that's not really something new. But there was sort of a lull in this market. It was sort of a spike, if you will, between 2020, '21 to really middle of this year, early this year. So, I think right now, we have sort of a refresh reupdating all the information about the losses of where we are and what could happen with the demand being updated and made more current. At the same time, we have price that business as an industry in 1,519 with inflation at 2%. Now inflation is north of 5, 6, 7, depending on where you look at. So at the same time, of course, we open things are being adjudicated reanalyzed, you have to account for a higher inflation number. And that is a classic case of having a couple of things going against you, nothing that the industry did on its own. It's just the economy and the environment and the risk in it and the environment. So I think that we're facing all collectively as an industry, that phenomenon. And what I like about the industry's capability is, it's reacting and that's what you hear. That's something that we should be very, very happy for collective as an industry. The other calls that you heard this quarter recognize it, and once you recognize an issue and a problem, people are very good and very adept at addressing it. And I think that's what's going on there are couple combination coming in very, very short order because of the surrounding environment. I think this is what largely drives what's going on right now.
Marc Grandisson: Probably more of a great story. The buying pattern on GL is mostly on a quota share. There's a lot of quota share being purchased in that segment. That's also certainly something we prefer to focus our capacity on those of you who followed us for years, this is where we prefer to focus on capacity. On the excess of loss, my people don't really buy a lot. People don't put out is like $60 million, $80 million, $100 million limit. So, we don't have a similar kind of risk -- the risk vertical is not as big. And in terms of events, like a cat portfolio, you could see where things are accumulating can generate hundreds and hundreds million dollars of exposure. In the liability side, it's not the same. You already have a necessarily one or two events that could really impact such a wide area of your GL. So, I think we'll see a lot more filters more on a quota share basis and some of the excess of look here and there. It's not very similar -- it's not at all similar to the property market.
Marc Grandisson: I think it's the latter. I mean it's a bit of the former, to be honest with you, people have to recognize those losses if they have them. I do believe -- as we talk about Meyer, you know that as well as we do, you're going to enter yourself, the reserving process feeds the pricing process. And clearly, if we have a reserving that's a bit higher than you would have expected, it will help inform your loss ratio historically. You have to put a trend on them, to the on-level analysis that helps get you to the price increase that you're looking at. So the past as it's developing, will inevitably lead you to having to charge more. And the reason we'll do a whole lot of large GL for that matter is precisely because of your second point, which has been historically a little bit wanting on the rate level and the rate level side.
Marc Grandisson: It's more the latter than the former. I would actually say tell you, right, that the market is better this year than it was in last year. So, I would argue that we might change the way we intent the market over the next 12 to 24 months. But certainly, at heart, we have been saying that to you historically it hasn't changed last quarter, which in terms of relative returns based on the three segments on the underwriting segments. MI is a third one, but a very strong one, I would say, at this point in time. But again, it's more a reflection of the relative opportunity between the units than anything else. In the market, Brian, I'll tell you the market is very, very disciplined. We're very impressed by the industry or the MI industry.
Marc Grandisson: Well, yes, I think the ceding commissions about store three right now we'll see what that ends up. There might be a slight change or we'll see how -- it's also going to be dependent on how the underlying market is improving as a reinsurance player. But I think what's our acquisition comes right now reinsurance is mid-low, low 20s. So, I think if you have more of a portfolio even if that's argued, it's a 30% ceding commission. So you might see actually, the acquisition going up a little bit. But again, as Franco mentioned, all the time talk about when we have these questions about the expense ratio and loss ration but not restarted the return and whether the combined ratio lends ourselves to return when it comes from losses of expenses we have already losing sleep here. So, I think this is…
Marc Grandisson: Great question. I think in non-U.S. base is also the CRT, which is granted exposed to the U.S. MI, the excess of loss program that the GSEs have developed over that and we have developed over the last 11, 12 years. Internationally -- so that's a piece of it, you see it in our financial supplement. Internationally, we have Australia. As you know, we have a good size, great relationship and a great presence there. We're very pleased with it. We're also getting a little bit more market share there even though the mortgage origination is a slowdown there as well. The other is really in development is the international with European specifically, SRT, which are 90% mortgage-backed credit risk transfer, they look a lot like the CRT business that we have in the U.S. Most of it is done because banks need to release capital that Basel III led the transactions. And we've been doing it for a little while, and we've partnered up, we actually with another European company who's very steep in that area. So that's a growing area right now because I think the -- there's a lot more need for capital. As you know, Scott, not only in the U.S. [indiscernible] has a similar consideration. So, it helps us be there for them to provide more capital relief and it's certainly something that we're focusing more efforts on.
Marc Grandisson: I don't want to say too much because you're going to get more competition in the segment. High level of comparable and sometimes better than the CRT we see, but we still a little bit more work to be done there, those who are trying to get in the business. I think you should talk to us, first of all, help you hit in the business.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you so much, everyone, for listening to our commentary this quarter. Looking forward to the end of the year. Happy Halloween. See you next time.
François Morin: That's a great question, Jimmy. I think there's -- as you said, it's a broad market. Certainly, we've seen some pressure in our own results. I think we see -- so you see both on insurance and reinsurance. On the reinsurance side, we see some of our clients recognizing adverse and the latency of some clients being reported to us, I think is coming through. We like to think we've been proactive in addressing those issues, but you never quite know for sure until everything comes through. But some of the subsets, definitely umbrella is an area that it's something that we're watching carefully. The good thing, I think, with our book is, again, we are big players in that space in the soft market years. So we're seeing some pain but not to the same level we think that may be other as well. And -- but it's a hot topic, and we're going to keep looking at it.
François Morin: Well, I made the comment close to 85% of our reserves as U.S. MI are from post-COVID years. So that would mean '20 and after. But let's remember that when we were coming out of COVID, we saw just a lot of changes in home prices, home price appreciation and potential over valuation, right? So when we were sending reserves in the last few years, '21, '22, even up until early '23, that was a concern of ours. So we were somewhat -- as you would expect us to do somewhat more prudent I'd say in setting our reserves. how that plays out when delinquencies cure, we don't know. Could there be further favorable development maybe. But I'd say, for the most part, what's really been happening in the last couple of years is just I'd say very much again a function of the housing market, which has been just exploded and then created a different set of kind of data points that we're trying to analyze, and that's how -- what we based our reserves on. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of color on the question.
François Morin: Good point. I think the duration is probably the lower it's been in a long, long time, and that's just our investment professionals here again make the decisions, and there's obviously a little bit of tax expats involved and kind of where they want to play at a certain point in time. But for sure, absolutely. If interest rates, we think the longer the curve ends up being a bit more attractive. I mean, we certainly consider extending the duration a little bit. And we've got a bit of room there anyway just to match with the liabilities to make sure that we're not mismatch there. So that's certainly something that we'll look at in the coming months and quarters, yes.
François Morin: Well, yes, we are constructive on 1/1. I think we -- Marc and I said it, I think it's a really good market in totality. There's some pockets that are certainly better than others. We think that the internal capital generation, we've been able to generate in the last few quarters gives us the ability to really grow and take advantage of the opportunities that we think have a good chance of being there. Again, we don't make the market. We participate in the market. So if the market is as positive as we think it can be, then we'll be happy to step in and take a bigger share of it. But I think the fact that we've got capital flexibility has always been one of the -- and on a onetime things and our strategy all along is we want to make sure that we have plenty of capital to deploy when the market is right. And so far, we've been able to do that.
François Morin: Yes. I mean, we -- certainly, we have some capital -- we have plenty of capital available. We just don't know what the market will look like at 1/01. So that's why I'd say you're right, probably have to -- what you see a little bit, see how 1/1 play out and then we'll have the ability to do something with the excess capital in.
François Morin: Great question, sorry. We -- just again, in terms of timing, right, our incentive compensation decisions are made in the first quarter will be made in February of next year. But no question that throughout the year, we accrue expected bonuses based on what we think that our performance might look like, and there's effectively a true-up that takes place in the first quarter when the final amounts are determined. Something we're keeping an eye on. So I don't know if there'll be an early adjustment in the fourth quarter or not something we'll be looking at carefully, so that we don't go to distort too much the first quarter next year. Obviously, the Board has final say in how much money will be available to pay our troop. So that's -- it's a little bit of -- we don't want to front run it. We want to be reasonable and not introduce too much volatility in the numbers on the OpEx side. But that's certainly something that we'll take a look at in the fourth quarter to make sure we're not missing anything here.
François Morin: Two quick things there. One is -- and we said it before, and it goes both ways. We think of reinsurance as a line of business or a segment that we think is better analyzed on a trailing 12 month basis. We think looking at a quarterly there'll be some good, it will be some bad. And we've said in past quarters where we have elevated the traditional claim activity. We said don't panic, don't overthink it in the same way here, I think. So we would certainly encourage everybody here to look at a trailing 12-month basis to have a better view of the long-term kind of prospects of the segment. The other thing I'd say is also, obviously, we've grown a bit more in property than relative to get align. So by nature, right, our ex cat combined ratio should probably come down and it has as a result of, again, the growth -- the significant growth we've had both in property cat and property other than cat.
François Morin: Yes. I mean it's mostly around kind of crystallizing some losses. I think it's a process we go through for each security on the fixed income side, where we make the determination. Is it appropriate to sell some of those and redeploy the proceeds and higher yields and our investment team does that. So yes, there are going to be some realized losses coming through the fixed income. Obviously, the equity portfolio, which is not huge, but still there's FBO securities like fair value option securities, including equities that are effectively mark to market, and that comes through the realized gains of losses line in the income statement. So those are the two big items. There's a little bit of other stuff going on that is a little bit of the wheat. So, I wouldn't want to go there, but that's directionally hopefully that's just normal course of action.
François Morin: Yes. It's, again, very early. So too early, unfortunately, to give clear or kind of views on what we think could happen or because they're still developing the laws and we expect more progress on that before the end of the year. But at a high level, it doesn't start at one start if it goes through until 2025. So, there's no impact for 2024 and we will be evaluating the and may publish some target tax rate that they will try to get to. But again, more to come, I think we'll do our best to keep you apprised of how we think about it probably on the next call. But until we have work to now any more clarity on where it's going to land, I think it's a bit premature to give you too much do any details here.
François Morin: Maybe -- I mean I think the answer is really around like us being proof and initial loss picks. We don't want to get into the game of being overly optimistic. There's still a lot of risk out there. There's still a lot of uncertainty when we price the business, whether, again, we just been talking about casualty loss trends in particular, that's an area that we're watching carefully. So, we'd rather -- and it's been our model for many, many years is pick a realistic kind of a bit more conservative initial loss pick on -- when we book the business and then react to the data when it comes in. So, we're hopeful there could be good news down the road. But for the time being, we're very happy with our loss picks.
François Morin: Again, I mentioned like the thinking around trailing 12 months, which is where I would start -- to help you kind of with assumptions, I would -- if you're going to -- we think about it in totality around the combined ratio, but if you're breaking down the loss and the expense ratio, yes, maybe there's a -- given the growth, maybe there's potentially the latest quarter of OpEx is probably more sustainable given we've been able to generate that premium, that growth with the same level of resources. But on the loss ratio side, I think it's just -- I would be careful not to over I mean give too much weight to the latest quarter.
