Marc Grandisson: So the current returns are in excess of about 15% which we indicated in the past and are still believe that is the case. After we look at the price – the price cuts that were announced by one of the major competitors, and they actually sent around a sheet that explains how they get to – how they’re factoring the tax changes. The returns are still in that area, still about 15% despite those rates and that’s what we would expect it to be. Having said all of this, not everything is created equally. We are going to be looking very carefully at our RateStar framework and see whether we need to make a few changes and as well as looking at a rate card changes that took place. It's still a very, very good marketplace. Overall, the credit quality is still very, very high. So we are not changing fundamentally the level of returns, especially risk adjusted return as it compares to other lines of business that we would have in our portfolio.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, so we have heard – when we have – we went through internationally renewal of a Japanese for instance of April 1st, I am sure you heard on the other call that pricing was kept at very stable to slightly down or slightly out depending on the layer of the other types of risk. So we were expecting sort of that reaction, but the most important piece I think you’re asking is what will the U.S. reinsurance market look like at mid year. And the initial indications are that it's not going to be as good as a rate increases were at January 1. A lot of it is also posturing. There is a lot of early – still pretty early. June first and July first is a lot of renewals taking place. So people are jousting for positioning and arguing their case as we speak, but the early signs are that the price increase is going it somewhat go down. So the second derivative is negative to the rate change. It might be still a rate change, but it’s not going to be as good as healthy as it was at 1/1.
Marc Grandisson: I don't know we – I think we're going to have a surprise. We’re going to have a special delivery after the call, I'm sure.
Marc Grandisson: It's a very good question. I think – and it speaks very well to our ability to pick and choose where we're going to allocate capital, depending on a return characteristics on the CRT for instance or is it IMAGIN. If that program takes off and it becomes bigger even in the future that will also allow us to participate there. We also have U.S. primary in mind, as we have mentioned that’s also a good leaver for us to utilize. It’s very – the way we look at the MI business is very similar to the way we look at any other business. You have to tell what the marketplace looks like as we speak and then we will tell you what we – how we will be reacting. So depending on the relative returns between the CRT, the IMAGIN or other types of structure of its sort and/or primary MI, we'll be allocating capital as we see the returns to get better. For instance this quarter, a good example is we have allocated less capital to the CRT transactions, we saw the spreads tightening to a level that we believe is not as acceptable as we would want and not meeting our threshold return. And but it doesn’t mean that we need to deploy capital in some other areas to cannibalize the other segments. It’s really just a deal by deal area by area looking at transactions making sure we’re maximizing the returns. It’s really hard I guess the short answer is I do not know until we get to what the market is going to give us in the future.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, I would also add that you know this is the competition on the allocation of capital and how we deploy it, and certainly, we felt, when we did the 10b5-1, that this was an appropriate relative allocation of capital. And to Mark's point, there was no insight on our part as to what the markets – how it developed. We're going to have a board meeting next week, and we're going to have all units sitting around and discussing through what projects or what it is they're working on, and we're going to have a more detailed discussion next week and determine what we're going to do going forward.
Marc Grandisson: Sorry, the rate card, yeah, it’s 100% for everyone. We’re about 18% rate card for the production in first quarter of 2018. Yes, that's the answer, yes.
Marc Grandisson: I think it’s going to be like – the way we look at the pricing and the way we deliver products to our clients having RateStar as well as the rate card and having, I would add, different distribution, community banks and credit union, for instance, we need to be very careful and thoughtful as to how we homogenize, if you will, the way we're delivering the pricing and the product to our clients. Right now, what’s happening is that there are discussions as we speak, and the discussions started two weeks ago in Greensboro about how we're going to juggle or put together in a cohesive way our reactions to the – on the rate card and what it means for RateStar, if it means anything at all. So I would – the June 4 or thereabouts, the first day that the pricing will be in line for the Magee and, I believe, Genworth as well. So we will have to come to conclusion with the rate card in shorter order. The RateStar changes may take a little bit longer to implement because, as we have mentioned before, it's over 1.3 million different sales in decision-making. It's not as easy at it looks. It's a lot sturdier, but also being as granular as it is, it's probably less impetus to draw very quick conclusions to it. We can let this work itself even as we speak and even after June 4. But we'll definitely be proactive in making that determinations. I would fully expect by early June, we'll have full – total, complete picture as to what we're going to do on both rate card and RateStar, if any.
Marc Grandisson: So it's really – the way the reserve are developing any one quarter, it's haphazard. It could be some negative in one area, some positive and some other area. A quarter change is very hard to pin down. And sometimes, you may wait 1 or 2 or 3 quarters before we take action in certain lines of business. You may want to catch up on some area. So the short answer is the sum total is the sum total and is really a result of individual business unit where we have 14 of, where we go through each individual one of them and we say, okay, this one needs a little bit more adverse development because some losses were reported, we're going to expect some other goes down, so it’s really just a – what you see on our financial result is really the bottom-up approach of our serving analysis at the individual line level. And it's really a quarterly exercise that you go through. And sometimes you tend to be more proactive in certain areas because you might think that it's the trend is going to go against you a little bit future down the road and some others. You’re going to wait and see whether this is only a one-time off thing. I think the short answer to you unfortunately, there is no real – Grandisson is really a bottom up approach to reserving. And I would say in some lines showed us negative or adverse developments, some showed positive development depending on the quarter.
Marc Grandisson: I think our accident year combined ratio that I've mentioned, that Mark mentioned, 98%, 99% is roughly in the range of what we would expect the mix of business to be. And again, I would just caveat that by saying there are some trends happening in the marketplace. Some rate changes we see or we hear have happened, will they find their way to the bottom line over time has yet – remains to be seen.
Marc Grandisson: And I would even add – to add more complexities to this, if you have the same book of business this year that you renew, what, a 2.75, five year treasury versus last year, 1.8, you could have a very similar accident year combined ratio but a higher return in equity. So just to add this to the mix, if it's not configured enough for you.
Marc Grandisson: Okay, so – okay, I am trying to get the answer. So it’s coming from – yeah, we have a couple of programs that we won over the last 24 months, which helped us – and we had the relationships that we had developed for a long time internationally as well as in the U.S. So it's really growing with new relationships that – one of them is actually growing, it's the large reason why we've grown in travel over the last 12 months. The first question, yes, we have an integrated model, we have claims, we have pricing, we have portal. We also have RoamRight. As you know, we have business-to-consumer bent with business-to-business as well, which would be more wholesale or retail – through a retail network actually, a little bit like having a program – no, not a program but sort of a relationship with a couple of producers to really be their go-to-market in that segment. In terms of returns, this is not a very – a super high-margin business. I think you'll see other people talk about it in terms of combined ratio. But in terms of capital usage, it is very, very effective in terms of capital usage. So we are trying to get into that segment. It's also very, very sticky. As you know, as you might expect, Josh, if you get the relationship going with the pipe and work with the product development with the guys who sell the product, it could be beneficial for a long time. So this has been going on for at least four or five years of growth.
Marc Grandisson: So in a way, for us, it's music to our ears. It means that our model is the right model. And if you start having a 75 cell, you develop now a multiple of 200, 300 cells, as we see some of our guys developing, sort of refine, sort of rebuild, if you will, their risk-based pricing within the rate cards phenomenon. You're going to start multiplying these cells very dramatically. It might create issues for their – the same issues that I think – the large bank, for instance, who said they are not really willing to entertain at this point, which is the ability to cater to all these various permutations of pricing. So as much as people are finding RateStar, it seems like it's evolving into that direction. So to us, it's a little bit music to our ears. It sort of confirms that our model – and a couple of our competitors made comments as such over the last week or so that this is probably more longer-term beneficial. There'll be some disruptions in the short term. I think that is probably your point that you're trying to make, and I think, yes, that is possible. But we do believe that it doesn't – the more you multiply the number of cells, the more complexities you introduce in the delivery and pricing of the product at the loan origination, the desk level, so.
Marc Grandisson: So to us, it's really – I mean, we – for reasons that are – the unit that's called MI, which is a global MI company, so their bonus plan and calculations of their performance is based on the overall segment's result. So they are – they can fish in broader MI market whether it's insurance, CRTs, utilizing more Bellemeade transactions today. So true, if it makes sense from a return perspective, it could diversify. We're in different areas around the world. And at the end, they're all internally making sure that they're optimizing their returns. So we're really looking at it, Geoff, from a totality at the unit level and making sure that they – having said all this, we have self-imposed guidance. There's so much capital waiting to expose for the shareholders' perspective to MI. But within the confines of those, that constrained, they have a vested interest in maximizing, optimizing their returns. We look at it holistically, if you will.
Marc Grandisson: There’s always possibilities around. I’m not here to tell you what we’re going to do next month. I don’t think it’s fair on the call of that nature, Meyer. But I think that – I think our comments at AFA also had to do with we’re also going to be a bit more proactive in reacting to either adverse or positive reactions. For instance, property was a great example, right? Property rights increased a little bit. And I think we – Nicolas took it upon himself when he took over in October, he said, listen, even though the rates, as I was saying in the third, fourth quarter, you need rates of 30% to 40% to really start pushing the envelope and do, make a significant commitment in capital to property. We still have some rate increases, and Nicolas said, well, we need to be a bit more proactive in positioning ourselves in that marketplace. I think that would have been not necessarily the way – it's not necessarily the way a traditional insurance company would think all the time. And I think we're trying to bring – which is more of an opportunistic way of thinking, which, I think is brought upon largely as a result Nicolas is bent on what he's done so well on the reinsurance. And our insurance group has taken up to it like fish and water.
Marc Grandisson: But you're right there’s a lot between the spectrum that grows. And that we have David Gansberg team Allen and then John Gaines, spending an amazing amount of time dynamically connecting with clients, and looking at production on daily basis and try to figure out what will work. RateStar is sort of a floor of sort and we sort of over and – we put the pricing that we think will sell the marketplace that give us a return obviously. But we’re not trying to leave money on the table, but are trying to be competitive and take the best risk. As in the example I just mentioned. It has a lot more going on. You're quite right, there’s million three sells, 17-ish different – it's a very arduous process.
Marc Grandisson: I would just say you probably heard some of the other questions. Geoff Dunn talked about what if others have RateStar’s and have fine pricing? Then I think your question is a lot more relevant.
Marc Grandisson: I think right now it's like we got a old buckshot, they have a the old buckshot and musket and they're trying to hit an ant. Where they hit is scalpel. And over time I think your question is going to have a lot more relevance.
Marc Grandisson: Sure. Well actually we kind of view this as our third action because some of these programs, as we talked about, we took terminated, we talked about in past calls, past years of terminating programs and you are stuck with the run off. We terminated because we didn't like the results, or we didn't like the emergence of claims or the underlying coverage and allow that to happen. And similarly, on the specialty casualty runoff, it's predominantly old New York labor law issues, California residential contractor business where you get, you think you're done in 10 years but then they do repair clock structure over again, those kinds of things.  So that’s really it. So there's no ongoing customer continuity issues, things of that nature. So given that those decisions were made, and I think they were the correct ones, and then we still wound up, you see it in our 10-Ks, still having some issues where we said let’s – looking across the Board on capital management let's just try to solve it once and for all.
Marc Grandisson: But remember, ultimately, there's a difference between statutory and GAAP if they're – if the adverse development cover has ever hit low terms, if it will be. But it gives us life insurance but except that is statutorily that you get one hundred percent of the recoverable immediately. So on a GAAP basis it’s kind of amortized. And think of it similar to the Berkshire, AIG ADC and the way works.
Marc Grandisson: And it’s the same on casualty. If there were any adverse developments the same with specialty casualty book of business market for it too.
Marc Grandisson: And Ryan I’ll just add that the – and Mark referenced that in the CML discussion he talked about the property cat and he talked about the RDS, which I’ll emphasize again we’re the only one with an RDS. But that is an important, heavy Board focus and our executive management focus, over 16.4% of tangible. So it could be a combination of things. It could be a combination of front end, which we think we sculpt pretty well for RateStar it's a risk management tool on the frontend. But because of, I think, the excellent way BMI Group has integrated their frontend pricing, the backend, the already yes on the risk management side they all inform each other, they’re all on integrated basis. So if Bellemeade, on that programmatic session, winds up becoming too expensive and you can't sell what does that pay us? The outside world is having a different view of mortgage credit risk. And therefore our net could go up more, even though the front end hasn’t reacted yet. So it's a combination of all those factors that and referred his team taken into account.
Marc Grandisson: So unlike property cat right you've written business for the last five years at a rate level that is pretty healthy. And that business continues producing returns and results for you as we go forward on the basis. And on the back of I would argue very healthy increase in house prices, we have LTVs our currnt LTVs on origination but currently or our portfolio way south of 80 so it's what we saw south of 80 overall. So it’s pretty healthy, lot of equities, lot of collateral in front of us. So we're actually in a very – we still have win in our sales if you will. So if we play the tape going forward, right, the rates are probably 2 to 2.5 times what they were pre-crisis. I mean there's been a significant amount of price increase and I'm not even talking about that kind or the types of product. So the kind of – and the property cat it's a 12-month, it’s one 12-month commitment. It's a lot easier to change price. To change price on the fly for the whole 100% of your portfolio every single year. On mortgage, you always have, you always have this portfolio as it unwinds through time. So if I overlay this healthy house prices index lack of products, the bad product that took place in mid-2000 have really created a lot of the issues. I look at a borrower if I quote as an all time as high as it’s ever gotten, there is a lot of room to give overtime. But the question that you're asking which we’re – we’re really asking ourselves because we're going to live it to – we're going to live it together with our units. It's going to take awhile to erode that huge increase in quality and pricing that we went through after the crisis of 2009. So we're not as – so news of our deficits are greatly exaggerated. It's not going to go a little while before we get to a threshold of being too dangerous for us to stick around if you will. But it will come, I just don't know when.
Marc Grandisson: We're not in a position to do those. I mean we have strong NDAs and there’s a lot of communications that we need to keep to for ourselves. But the returns are comparable to what we would get in the general business sense after we factor in our managing, and operating and risk management and bring oversight to this side.
Marc Grandisson: That is one great question. And the answer is no as of yet, right. We believe that the risk adjusted pricing frame what your RateStar gives is going to be tremendous in a more of a stressed scenario. And we have not really – we have about some localized stress scenarios, but we haven't really gone through that exercise of analyzing it. And I think if you look at loss ratio, wind doesn't blow or when the quake doesn’t shake everybody has zero loss ratio. So we're sort of in this relatively benign claims environment, and it's really hard to see it. And that's probably one of our biggest frustrations, like I said, as managers at Arch is that the fact that we're looking at the way we at cat pricing and we – for instance in the way we structure our portfolio, when there are no losses we don't look very good because we looked at we should have done more. But the way we think about this and then we talk about it internally all the time is we are very honest about analyzing the underlying economics and risk characteristics, probably recognizing that we could be wrong for awhile. And MI is pretty much like a cat line of business in a lot of ways. But the short answer is no. We haven't done it, we don't expect it to be very much of a difference on reported loss ratio.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much everyone. Happy quarter and on to lunch now. We’ll see you next quarter. Thanks.
Mark Lyons: In fact, I would just add Marc’s comments that we really look at this as a segment not as just the U.S. which is why our competitors are kind of vertically focused on. So our view of CRT transactions, our other businesses that we have, the fact that we lay off, we have reinsurance structures and Bellemeade structures that all are very additive towards the net ROE.
Mark Lyons: One other think Kai on the underlying businesses to which the property cat attaches, we’re certainly seeing some uplift in our insurance group. And we believe those uplifts are happening on the quota shares and the XOLs that Arch Re attaches on top of them.
Mark Lyons: I think that's well – yes, that's with the allocation of investment income that we show in the corporate segment. If you allocate that back I think it's roughly about that. It might be a couple of points north.
Mark Lyons: And Elyse, I just like to – regarding your next question, just to also caution, this is a pilot. It's extremely early. We don't even have a lot of visibility yet into how it's going, so – which we'll certainly talk about in future quarters. But also, just be cognizant that IMAGIN is towards U.S. MI, whereas the relationship with Munich is more towards the CRT transactions. So when you picture Marc's comments about cycle management levers this creates between using working capital versus risk capital, this innovation that the mortgage guys came up with allows that cycle management to really take effect.
Mark Lyons: Yeah, great, great question. And it is kind of the [indiscernible] lot of the things that you just mentioned. When we did the 10b5-1, we didn't expect certain things to happen from our competitors that kind of weighed in depth and down on our stock. But what we've done historically with that wavy, not quite straight, lines for your paybacks that we've talked about, that's an ingredient into the mixture. A view of the off-balance sheet embedded value is a – helps inform but doesn't drive some of the decisions. But there's other things that we have going on. There's always things in the pipeline that we're entertaining, firstly. Secondly, we still are steadfast towards reducing our financial leverage that emanated from the UGC transaction for a couple of reasons. One, the more we do that, it gives us dry powder for other things in the future. We have made commitments and in discussions with rating agencies. And it's also an aspect of our GSE relationship that will be helpful to us as we delever. So there's a lot of usages for cash, some of which might go towards – depending on what is the highest return and value that we see outside of some of the benefits that might accrue from the deleveraging.
Mark Lyons: And one other thing that I could add is compared to if it was three years ago, with the volatility of PC and so forth, we have a lot more clear visibility down the next couple of years of mortgage earnings and the quality and strength of them because of the way it operates with the some our fleets and the persistency attached to it and so forth. So that also helps inform our decisions by the way.
Mark Lyons: And I would say Marc, I think, was pretty clear on his prepared comments. The consistency between insurance and reinsurance is where capital is and is not deployed. And that's the function of the rates and relative to loss trend. So there's absolute returns and then what are the market conditions doing. Is it helping or hurting that absolute return? And that's how capital gets deployed. That's how the business mix shifts. And if that's successful in the shift, it could have an even more beneficial impact.
Mark Lyons: And I would just add on the boring side of it, but an important operational aspect, is the response time of something this complicated to return to the lenders in the manner in which they expect it and kind of shield this from that. But the response time has to be fast. So there was major investments that the guys did in that regard. So there's just – it's as just important to have the eight knives of the iceberg under the water as the one knife that you see above the water.
Mark Lyons: Which we don't view any differently than how the reinsurance group does it and how the insurance group does it.
Mark Lyons: Well, one other ingredient that I didn’t put in the prepared remarks was that there was some bonus catch-ups. I mean this is highly profitable. So to the extent that bonus throughout the year was under accrued and had to be made whole with the more recent year-end calculations, that gets reflected in the first quarter. And that’s what happened. I mean, not only the profitability of the business but the excellent execution on the integration that they’ve done all filters into that. So rough – it’s going to be marginally better, and it could be lumpy on 2Q, 3Q, 4Q. But I would say on the balance of the nine months, it’s going to be marginally better.
Mark Lyons: Yes, I would just kind of echo what Marc again said where capital isn’t going, where it’s being allocated on D&O and, say, to excess casualty. There’s loss trend in the actuarial arithmetic, and then there’s trend not explained by actuarial arithmetic. D&O, for example, is incredibly lumpy year-to-year. There’s no real projection about it, it’s – each – and we don’t always have a primary excess book. On casualty excess, actuarial arithmetic never works. Never works. It’s always terms and conditions that really drive it. So when we say loss trend, we’re also recognizing the slippage in terms of conditions.
Mark Lyons: Boy, asking the question is – that's a very, very, deep question. I think that if you overlay what happened – and we were on the receiving end of this, and Mark can attest to that as well when he was running insurance. When you were looking at results in 2012, 2013, 2014, pricing that ongoing business, sort of looking at the results over the years, you would look at 2008, 2009, 2010 and even 2005, 2006, you would have lesser development than the actuaries. Who are they kidding? So we do a loss reserve analysis. Pretty much everything comes down below the expectation. And this has been going on for a while. Actuaries or loss reserves specialists lose a little bit of their credibility after a while because it's kind of hard to deviate from anchoring yourself at a long-term level. It's very hard for people reserving to think that this is really a 30% loss ratio. And it's also the same way, very difficult to say it's not running 65%, it's running 80%. But since we're looking back and then you look back after five or six years, if you're an actuary right now or if you look at loss reserve development, you'll say, well, I think it's really at 75%. These are the same people that we're saying, it should be booked at 65%, 68% five or six years ago, and things have developed to be 56%, 57%, 58%. So there's a little bit of a mismatch. It's not easy for people to reconcile the way the reserving is made. Most people, and I think we can be guilty of it ourselves as well, people tend to think of insurance as being not cycle-affected. But there is such a thing as cycle-affected. It's not a linear plus or minus two or three points, especially if you're specialty insurance companies like ourselves. So many moving parts, it's really hard to pin it down. And you have history as a guide. And the loss ratio around the long-term expected varies wildly. Unfortunately or fortunately, I think I like it because it creates opportunities for us in the future because people keep on booking 65% or 66%. When it turns out 85%, 88%, you have to recognize it. We'll be able to seize the opportunity of people, deemphasizing that line of business precisely. But it's going to take a while. It’s going to take a while.
Mark Lyons: I think I have that on my fingertips. Programs, I would say – I can tell you this on programs for the last couple of years, I believe the majority of the adverse is associated with these terminated programs. So I think that's the best color.
Mark Lyons: I think that you've seen it as we speak, I think, we have a threshold risk adjusted I mean like I said all this, not everything out is created equally, but you saw some changes already in the two quarters where we bought – first, we deemphasize singles for a little while because we don't think returns are there, it was low-teens now unfortunately going a little below 10% which is not acceptable to us. It is also what you were thinking right you've got to think about it right in terms portfolios not every transaction these be could accretive, they could bring diversification credibly even within the portfolio of SMI.  But having said all of this you heard about the singles and the two other riskier areas that we've looked at the high-LTVs the and the high-VTIs we have tended to go away because those returns went below the threshold that what we have in RateStar, knowing better than RateStar. So for now we don't see any reason to start thinking about other than these three areas I mentioned in terms of riskiness. I think it's a very ongoing, on a quarterly basis, on a weekly basis, actually, just reviewing what pricing is out there, what kind of risk is going on. And the other thing that I would tell you is now as everything else being equal no different products could come at some point down the road in the future, so we'll be reacting to it when we see it. But that’s the best I can tell you.
Mark Lyons: And my end one other thing, back to your analogy if it was – this is longer duration, right. I mean on property cat capital comes in because pretty quickly you can know how to exit. If longer tailed liability streams was that comfortable for alternative capital will be tons of casualty vehicles out there but there's not. So this has a mortgage as you know has a lot of duration outflow and duration inflows that are varied interest rate and macro economically sensitive. So I think that's quite a ways off. So I’ll open that window and get back in the room.
Mark Lyons: We believe it is stickier. These are smaller items, there is more connectivity to the pricing, claims adjustment. And because a lot of travel is claims adjustment, right, you need to be able to pay the person that cannot go through their place or repatriate some of them. There's a lot of stuff you need to be able to do. So we believe it is sticker. But having said this, everything is stickier. But in the long run, everybody is there, right? I mean, in the long run everything is variable on cost, if you remember your microeconomics. So at some point, if the pricing gets too out of whack, I'm sure everything is fixable. But it's relatively sticky in the short term, short to medium term.
Mark Lyons: I’ll tell you what. Let me answer the question more broadly than you asked it because I think you're trying to update your model, right? So look at it this way, we did an LPT at year-end, which was a bullet, I mean, the quota share has quarterly cash payments, right? So this is a bullet cash payment to our Bermuda operating company. We did the cancellation of the quarter shares, which bring UPR back onshore with associated cash transfer. And then there's the Catalina which, in the scale of things, is not large. So it's effectively close to a wash between the investment income that you might get onshore or offshore because of all those flows back and forth. So Catalina, the reason I did that, of the three, Catalina ranks third in size compared to the LPT, first; the UPR cancellation, second; Catalina, third.
Amit Kumar: Got it. Now that's what I wanted to be sure. So clearly, the stock overreacted on the news last month. The second question I had was on the time line. So you mentioned that you're looking at what to do following the pricing discussion. Do we have any idea – I mean, is this going to be disclosed very shortly? Or does it take a few months? And then I guess you are heading to the PMIERs capital discussion. I just wanted to be clear on the timing of your decision.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That's actually very helpful. The only other question I have is going back to the insurance segment. And if I look at Page 12 of the supplement and you look at the reserve development number, it's very close to sort of 100%. And I'm trying to think, is there something deeper going on in terms of there is a moment in terms of certain lines which might be seeing adverse, and hence, the net number is just modestly positive? Maybe just help us better understand what's going on and why is it hovering so close to 100%. Thanks.
Amit Kumar: Okay, fine. And we will probably get more color later today on that. I will stop thanks for the answers and good luck for the future.
Ian Gutterman: Thank you. Marc I was thinking of going through the front of the queue this time. But some traditions are triggered to change so.
Ian Gutterman: Yes I agree, and that's helpful. It's how I remember things from the early days when we were first meeting on the island when you guys are being formed. This just feels like a similar story. But so my main couple of questions, one on the mortgages. I get obviously the advantage of having RateStar versus the card when other people are cutting rates. But how should I think about – and I'll try to call out an example, it's probably not the best and – but you can hopefully get the spirit of it. If there is a cell under RateStar that maybe was priced – tended to – because you looked at it in a better way, maybe it was a 20% discount to most people's rate card. And maybe you had, I don't know, a 50% hit rate or something on that cell. If everyone else is cutting rates, does that hit rate go from 50% to 25% even if you don't change anything? So even though you're not using the rate card, you become less competitive and need to maybe reconsider some of your pricing in the RateStar cells. 
Ian Gutterman: Absolutely, that makes perfect sense. I totally agree with that. I was trying to think there were sort of cells in the middle where you would've gone from maybe something that was a 20% and you were at 19% and you’re getting business, and now you're over at – now you're 19% versus 18%.
Ian Gutterman: I don’t know how big of a book that is, maybe that's just on the margin, it's not that big of a deal. 
