Mark D. Lyons: Well, when you look at the sources coming from contract-binding businesses, coming from program businesses, it's pay off of investments that were done recently in contract-binding operation. Some E&S [ph] casualty business has been strengthened through accumulative rate changes. So I would say, yes, you could view that as an ongoing item. However, if rates start to fall off in unit casualty, for example, of course, we're going to make other decisions.
Mark D. Lyons: Jay, I would also add to Dinos' comments that we are not wholly a U.S. primary mortgage operation. Although reinsurance group is in the U.S. and beyond, that is the primary side having an Irish operation, plus with these risk-sharing transactions, which reported in the segment as the amalgamation of all those things. So I think as Dinos pointed out in his opening comments of our -- the way we diversify, we continue to do that and thinking even though it's a new line of business for us.
Mark D. Lyons: I believe it's just more a function of mix of business between all the sources we talked about before. Outside of risk-sharing because risk-sharing isn't accounted for in an insurance principle's way. It's derivative accounting. But it's as simple as that, Vinay.
Mark D. Lyons: And Vinay, I would also add because our diversified platform on the Insurance Group side because of that softening. As I said being [ph] provider or a purchaser, they're taking maximum advantage of this, helping their net economics much more dramatically than their gross economics.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, I mean, it is mixed. Dinos is right. It's right on point. But I would want to reemphasize and I get lost in the sauce with Dinos just differentiated between combined ratio and return. 1.5-year duration business versus a 4.5-year duration business even allows the interest rates -- has a different economic outcome characteristics than that clearly. The other thing I would just mention is you guys have placing bets on -- between companies about what their reserving policy is and how conservative they are. I think our track record speaks for itself. We've mentioned that our 2013 reserve position from the views of outside actuarial firms was stronger in the end of 2013 and was in the end of 2012. So you draw your own conclusions, but we're happy with where we're booking it, and it's mix and it's also our -- we believe our level of conservatism. The longer tailed line it is, the more you get different kinds of risk associated with it, you get legal theory risks, you got all kinds of different risks that manifest itself, so we have to reflect those in our initial aspects.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, it has to ship somewhat. I mean, to the extent -- we're still getting earned premium from property cat business. It's now been 40% reduced from the prior comparative quarter. So I don't think you're going to hit a steady-state until closer to 4Q.
Mark D. Lyons: I think on -- it has to, and it has to do it on both sides. But we think -- meaning insurance and reinsurance, but we think that weighting factor that we talked about is a waiting of loss ratios that reflect the marketplace realities of some -- with rate increases, some with rate decreases. So we don't do this in bulk, we do this line-by-line with a view of where we think it's going. So on the insurance side and the reinsurance side, we think those reflect exactly the market environments we're living in.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, it's a good question. It's roughly -- it's going to be North of $100 million annualized. It's not even, it doesn't -- I think second quarter is the thickest quarter.
Mark D. Lyons: But on an annualized basis, right, there's going to quarterly fluctuations. It's reasonable to assume that we'd be maybe $120-ish million [ph] gross and $30 million [ph] net, something like that, $30 million [ph], $35 million [ph] net. So the quarterly breakdown isn't smooth, but if you think of it annualized, then I think that's proper.
Mark D. Lyons: And let me just add because Dinos' comments were driven mostly towards the loss ratio as opposed to expense ratio. And the componentry there between AC [ph] and acquisition and OpEx is still different. They're going to be thinner on OpEx and thicker on AC. But again, mix is a big deal here, so the line of business is the difference, quarter share versus XOL, is difference on any given quarter, how those things mix in? So as they grow, you got some benefit on OpEx for scale benefits, but it won't be enormous. So quarter-by-quarter, it's really a function of what's written and what the acquisition is associated with that.
Mark D. Lyons: One other clarification, we just saw on the quarter that net written, which future net earned is -- was a 15% growth in the insurance group and flat in the reinsurance group. So as the core margins continue to expand on an earned basis from the Insurance Group, and they make up a higher percentage of the total net earned premium, the arithmetic is going to work.
Mark D. Lyons: And again, remember, we are on both sides of the mirror with the diversified platform. The Insurance Group has a lot of treaties now with ceding commissions that begin with a 3, and that's going to find its way through, as net premiums are earned.
Mark D. Lyons: And Ian, I think the big takeaway is that, for those increased market acceptance, the flow of business is strong and getting stronger, and it's across more varied lines of business, and that's exactly what you hope for.
Mark D. Lyons: Let me think about that. It's only $24 million, $25 million of net written, but the ceded is, by definition was another 70 million of ceded. So I can give you a better answer off to the side and comment on it, but I would think it would be a marginal impact on the net acquisition ratio, in the tenths.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. It's always, Jay, it's always subject to what the market will give us. We're very, very diligent in monitoring pricing as we do. And at the end of the day, if conditions remain as such, and they don't deteriorate, yes, that will be appropriate. But surprises happen either way. So sometimes, it's not always predictable where the market is going to go.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, clearly, the higher capital requirements. For once, there is 2 issues: One is, we were required to capitalize the unit to begin with, in essence, to gain the approvals, and we are waiting for us to generate the revenue to fit into the capital requirement. So, in essence, maybe we got a size 10 shoe and a size 3 foot right now and we got a long way to go to fill it. So for the short term, I think it's a great advantage for us. Over time, I think, the higher capital requirements will require some adjustment in pricing because everybody is going to be looking for appropriate returns. But I don't know how the market is going to react to that. And also, it might affect the fees that the GSEs -- they're charging. So it's not defined on rule, it's a proposed rule, I hear in comment. But from our perspective, I think it's positive. It puts the MI business in more solid financial footing with more capital requirements. And in essence, it might create more demand for new capital like ours in the marketplace. So we view it as a positive event for us.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it's still, I believe, in the 15-plus range based on the macroeconomic condition that we are experiencing. Delinquencies are going down and the average loss per delinquent loan has improved from a year ago. But you can't expect that to continue forever. So the environment is good, but in some sectors, when you really get into the details especially on the high LTV and low FICO score area, the new capital requirements, it will require price increases in order for returns to be achieved. So we'll see how the market reacts to that, but that's the way we see it.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No. I mean, that's what we get paid to work towards. So we do go to church, but also, we work hard, too.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, that approach is not totally foreign to us. As I share those numbers with you, we did try to do quite a bit of that, of maintaining our relationship with our reinsurance customers, and then retrocede some through the purchase of retrocessional covers for us. And that's an approach that even some of our competitors are following. So when you look at our numbers, it's not always obvious to you that we cut a lot of our market relationships. We try to maintain as much of that depending as to how advantageous it was for us to maintain that relationship and by retrocession. So in essence, on an expected basis, we still have the same return characteristics. Believe me, if I can write as much cat business as I wrote a year ago and not affect return, I would have done it. But we -- our reinsurance team and our cat teams in Bermuda, I think, they're one of the best groups in the business. And I spent a lot of time with them, but we have utilized the same approach as some others. We maintain bigger gross lines, and then we retroceded out because we believe the price on the retrocessions, it was advantageous to us.
Constantine P. Iordanou: ? Well, you can't take 15-or-so rate off the table and expect the same profitability. Now the profitability is not the same across every part of the curve. And when we buy retrocessional cover, sometimes it's lazier to be to in where we believe is the least appropriately priced segment on the curve, probability distribution. So -- and like I said, half the guys we got working on our cat team are smarter than me. So I -- and I have a lot of confidence in them and they have a track record of 12 years of doing extremely well. So even though I spend a lot of time with them, most of the time, they're educating me, and I like the education I get.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, if the mix doesn't change, it's a reasonable place to be. But what a lot of people haven't really caught up with us, and hopefully, I hope the competition never does, is that we navigate, and we try to go where we believe we can find business with the proper returns. And sometimes, our shifts, the zigging and zagging, is severe. I remember when we started Arch, Paul Ingrey once told me that, "I don't care how big you get as a company as we're growing, but I hope we're not going to lose the agility of navigating like a BT boat instead of an aircraft carrier". And that's been our strategy, it's not just getting in and out of certain things but going from large accounts to small accounts and all that. And we try to react very, very quickly, and we don't worry too much about these optics that, "Oh, my reinsurance combined ratio on a current accident year is going to go up by 10%." That doesn't tell you absolutely nothing. Is that business that you ride acceptable on a total return over time or not, that's the key issue, and that's where all of our guys are focusing on. And then we let the accounting take -- and then we explain the accounting later on. But believe me, our guys are not going to write business that are not in the double-digit expected return, including the investment income component.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, nothing has changed in our philosophy. Excess capital belongs to shareholders. Eventually, we'll find a way to get it back to them. Where our share price is today, probably share buybacks make a lot of sense. The only thing that is in our minds, we're still in the hurricane season. Usually, we'd like to be a bit conservative around that part of the season. But because you can't predict if you're going to have a storm or not, and you might need to write some big checks. Absent of that, I think is an appropriate time for us based on what you describe for us to buy back shares. But we'll make that decision in due time and due consideration based on those parameters. We still have a big authorization, we do have excess capital, but we've got the rest of the year to worry about. Right now, when I go to church and I light a candle is not to have a cat.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I think that business, especially on some parts of the curve, they have been pushed below double digit. I think some of that business is being priced at a high-single digit return. And at least from our perspective, as gray-hair old underwriters being in the cat business and pricing it with an expected return of 8%, 9% or 10% is insanity. I don't -- that's what we are, but I don't know where it's going to go. I mean, if I was that smart, I'll be a lot wealthier. It's -- I don't know what the competition is going to do. There is new capital that is coming in, that 8%, 9%, 10% returns are very acceptable to them on an expected basis. So if you ask me to guess, I'll probably say we're getting very close to some people that are going to say, "Hey, this thing has gone far enough." But I've been surprised in my career as to how cheap reinsurance can get sometimes. I've seen reinsurance get priced at negative ROEs many times. We just -- I just hope we're smart enough that we'll never going to do it and I have confidence in our guys that they are smart enough, as far as I'm concerned, that they're not going to get there ever.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's probably north of $100 million gross, about $33 million [ph], $35 million [ph] net, so assuming that we take everything or the clients because we have to make some adjustments to the pricing and there is a client on the other side that might say yes or no to our adjustments, right? But don't forget, a lot of these clients, they're paying predominantly through these round of captives most of their own losses. That's why you're funding and the excess is only a component, about 25% of the premium gross to net, there about it. So if you're going to do comparisons, I think because we're an A+ carrier and Sparta was going into runoff, I think a lot of the accounts cancel and rewrote just to get on our books. So I would think that's more of a one-time adjustment. Of course, all these premium is renewable next year, and it's going to get again on our books a year from today. But there are not going to be a lot of renewals in the third and fourth quarter because account that they had renewals in the third, fourth quarter even in the first quarter, they truncated their placements by cutting off the prior, and then renewing fresh with us in a much better and stronger paper.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. The business that we price on their behalf and we put on their books goes through the same underwriting scrutiny that we were doing. The only difference between what we do versus what we would do for Watford, Watford has a higher return on the float. So investment income and fee business [ph] to a particular deal will be higher. And so, some deals even though from an underwriting perspective, quality of risks, selection of risks, et cetera, it would be still acceptable. You might not make the cut with Arch because we're applying risk-free rate of returns, it will be acceptable for Watford because the investment income component is more advantageous. That's the only difference between the 2. We still have an expectation over time when we get into a steady-state environment that the Watford Re business, it will be sub-100 combined ratio, probably in the mid-90s, that's what I'm talking. We try to get it in the mid-90s.
Constantine P. Iordanou: On an underwriting year basis, they're getting closer, I think they're about equal. Don't forget, my reinsurance guys don't like to write unprofitable business, but they are accepting -- in the past, they wouldn't accept anything that was South of 15%. Now, they're accepting business at 10%, 11%, 12% ROE. Of course, this is unallocated capital. We allocate capital on every deal, and that's the way they see. The Insurance Group never had the volatility, but also the opportunity to price business at 20% ROE. You get that on reinsurance, you don't get that on insurance. So the reinsurance group fluctuates from 10% to 15% and thereabouts. I think inception to date, our Insurance Group has produced like 14% ROE inception to date, meaning 12 years. So directly to your question, I haven't done the calculated now. It will be bothering me, so I'm going to do it next week. But I would think they're about the same and -- the mortgage business, once you get to steady state, it would be better than that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, you got to understand. Our reinsurance team is the same. These are all Paul Ingrey guys. And believe me, whatever he has done, it was like -- they're all brainwashed. They believe in the philosophy, they practice it. And it has been a great thing for the group over the last 12 years. They had one of -- maybe the top teacher in the business if not the top -- one of the top teachers. We get the benefit. I'm not going to do anything to change that. They look at accounts. They see where they're going. They cut back lines. They switch to different lines. They have a methodology and the numbers speak for themselves.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No, I think it's as attractive as we made. We thought about these issues even when we're making the decision. The big lesson in MI is no different than any lesson in accepting risk. When you throw out underwriting standards, as the MI fraternity throughout in '05, '06, '07, you're looking for trouble. And I can do the same with the DNO, I can do the same with private passenger or throw away [ph] and I can do the same with any line of business. Once you throw out your underwriting guidelines, now, your volume and your production, it will be significantly affected if you maintain discipline. What we have been telling both the regulators and the other investors is, we got into this with the idea that we will be disciplined, no different approach to underwriting MI that we underwrite any other line of business. Now yes, you're absolutely correct. Sometimes, even though you're very disciplined in the quality of the loans you're going to underwrite, the FICO scores, et cetera, macroeconomic conditions will change some of the other drivers like delinquencies and all that. But then, it doesn't mean that you make a decision to get into a particular line of business for just 1 or 2 or 5 years, you look at it over the prospect of it at least 10-year period of time and doesn't make sense or not, still makes a lot of sense for us. And we believe we have the right management to manage it in a prudent way over the future. That's our opinion, and we still believe it's an attractive place for us to be.
Constantine P. Iordanou: For some deals, and we get a fee and we get -- and also we get 150% collateral behind it. So we do have some agreements that we view when we put our paper out that are beneficial to both of us, them and thus. And for certain clients, we do that. But of course, it increases the cost and then sometimes it doesn't make the deal go through. But in some cases, it does. But they're starting to sell just purely their own paper. Because if you're going to get the best economics for a client, you get the best economics when you buy Watford Re paper.
Constantine P. Iordanou: We booked the reserves a little more conservative than -- our philosophy on reserves is that you price something let's say has 3- to 4-year duration. The original setting up of IBNR is at the pricing level where we priced it. Any bad results that emerged in the first 3, 4 years we let go through, we don't adjust the IBNR independent -- so any unusual large loss that might come through, we just book it immediately, we don't adjust IBNR. And then we relook at everything usually depending on the duration of the business, 3, 4 years out, and then we'd make judgments at that point in time. So that's been our reserving philosophy. So when you get in the 11% to 13%, and the reason we have 11% to 13% is you can't be precise on an underwriting year as to how well it's going to behave. It's too many moving parts, trend might change on you, et cetera. But that's the philosophy that we have and the allocation of the capital to that calculation is we do it as we allocate capital to the operating unit, and we use the S&P model 2 notches above our A+ rating, and that's the way we allocate capital to the operating unit. So -- and because we are a total return shop and I don't -- maybe I should be putting on exhibit in our releases. Even though operating ROEs smoother and ROE, total ROE is -- it can be volatile depending on realized capital gains, et cetera, you will find out that for the last, probably 3 years or so, that our returns, they've been better than our operating returns from an ROE point of view. And Don can give you those statistics because we keep them and we have them.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, thank you and thanks, everybody, for bearing with us, and we're looking forward to seeing you next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon.
Ian Gutterman: I guess, my first question is on the action [ph] ROE, the 11% to 13% you mentioned. I think in the past, when you've given that number, usually the reinsurance has been above whatever the overall number was and the insurance has been below. Is that still the case? Or given the changes in the relative marketplaces, are they now even? Is insurance above reinsurance? I'm just curious how that's going.
Ian Gutterman: Of course. Of course. You can probably guess part of the reason I was asking is a couple of competitors talked about ROEs and reinsurance being single digit now, so -- or being willing to accept single-digit business. I'm just curious how far you felt it had fallen.
Ian Gutterman: Well, that's what I was kind of getting at. So your front -- yes, that's what I'm trying to figure out is how much...
