Francois Morin: Sure. On the second question, Elyse, yes. We're -- while in our early days and I'd say pre-mortgage years, we were somewhat more careful with share buybacks during the wind season. We're not -- we're now, as you know, a lot more diversified. So I think that constraint or that reality is maybe less applicable than it used to be. But, yes, certainly, as we think about share repurchases or capital deployment throughout the second half of the year, we certainly think that we could be buying back more shares. I mean our top priority is still to invest in the business and grow the business as best we can. But as you saw this quarter, I mean, we were able to do both and then some and like to think that, if things stay where they are or within reason, we'd be doing the same in the second half of the year.
Francois Morin: Yeah. If you're -- in terms of modeling I think it's going to go up and down, right? And I would say, the numbers we quoted in terms of the rolling 12 months is probably as good a -- it's a good starting point. The business mix, yeah, there'll be some fluctuations here and there. But -- yeah, we wrote more casualty but we wrote also a lot more other specialty which is -- maybe combined ratios there a bit better. So it's hard to pinpoint exactly, where everything -- I mean, what's going to happen obviously in the next few quarters. But I'd steer you to the kind of the rolling 12-month number that I quoted to be -- that should be a good starting point.
Francois Morin: Well, you're asking a very good question, Josh. I think big picture, as you know, we're still -- there's still a lot that has to happen before we have more visibility until - in how the forbearance loans are going to pan out? How they're going to -- whether they're going to cure or whether they're going to turn to claim? And as you know, those are -- I mean, that's an 18-month process. So we -- if we look at the peak months of April and May of last year, their 18-month period will expire -- unless things change should expire in the fourth quarter this year. So that's when we'll certainly have again more visibility. And have a more definitive view on how to -- I mean whether reserves were too high or not. And so that's where we sit on that at this point. We're reacting a little bit to the data. But again we still feel there's quite a need -- a lot that needs to be settled before we take I'd say action on the current reserve levels. In terms of the new delinquencies, there's always tweaks that happen every quarter. You look at the average, the incidence rate and how severities and frequency assumptions that we put on the new delinquencies that get reported this quarter Again it's a smaller inventory of new delinquencies. So I wouldn't -- there's a bit more leverage in how those numbers play out. But big picture, I think we're still very comfortable with our reserve levels. Yes, I think you're implying maybe that we got too much. That's a possibility. But again we'll know more in the second half of the year.
Francois Morin: Yeah. I think it's the latter. We didn't really make any adjustments in terms of prior notices, so notices that were on the books before the quarter started. The thinking on the new notices is that the fact that they became delinquent this late in the game I'd say given that forbearance programs have been available for some time over a year, we think that there's a possibility that they could turn out worse than the ones that we got earlier. So there's a bit of a mindset or a philosophy that and time will tell. But given that they might have gone through all their savings and they might have tried a lot of things and now they finally turned delinquent. So that's a little bit of the -- I think the rationale behind these numbers.
Francois Morin: Well, I mean attritional excluding PYD that's how we think about it. Again I think I mentioned it in prior quarters where a 20% loss ratio is plus or minus that should be what you should get over the cycle. And there's a bit of noise with the CRT transaction. So I mean, there's moving parts within that. But yes 20% is absolutely sustainable.
Francois Morin: Well, that's not something we've made public in the past. And I think we're -- because it's a daily a moving target right? I mean there's -- we don't know what the market is going to give us. So we could give you a number, but then next tomorrow will be different. So it's just -- we rather want to keep the flexibility there. And that's…
Francois Morin: Well, I'll be -- yes I'll give you a bit more specifics. So yes you're right just about half of the -- under half -- just slightly under half of the total was from the GSE call deals. And about a third I'd say is little tweaks again in call it COVID assumptions that we've kind of brought down a little bit. And that's across -- it's across all our books. So it's like a US -- primary US MI. It's across some CRT deal that are still around that we've made some adjustments on those reserves and also on the international book. So that gives you a perspective. And then there's just -- call it just under 20% of favorable development on runoff businesses or second lien and student loan businesses that have been in runoff for quite some time. So hopefully, that gives you the split Phil, and answers your question. 
Francois Morin: Yes. That -- as we discussed last quarter that's in the works. Second half of the year we are -- we've begun the process already to upstream. As you mentioned the dividend from our regulated entities to the holding company in the US It's -- some of it will have to be extraordinary and some of it is ordinary dividends. So there's -- we'll have to have some discussions with the regulators on that. I'd like to think that we can get them comfortable that with our current levels of total capital and some of it as you know a lot of it being trapped in within the contingency reserves I think they'll -- I think we'll be able to get them comfortable that the levels of dividend that we're talking about will be -- will meet their needs and ours. So stay tuned but I'd like to think that we'll be able to extract some dividends in the second half of the year. 
Francois Morin: Yes, I'd say at a high level I mean still early days but at a high level I think you should think more of Watford, as a closer clone to Arch Re business or underwriting than what Watford was. Watford was -- didn't necessarily do all the same classes of business was very much focused more on the longer-tail stuff because of the additional pick up the assumptions that were in terms of investment returns that we're going to get. So, the call it the 2.0 business model of Watford makes it more similar to what the Arch Re portfolio or book looks like.
Francois Morin: The only -- I mean that's an issue with ratings too like Brian. So, that's something that the ratings do matter for in terms of getting GSE and regulators comfortable. So, that's something that they're going to look into as well.
Marc Grandisson: There's a question that will lead all of us, if you get the right answer to riches, Elyse. But I think it's fair to say that the market momentum is clearly there. I think you heard on other calls that, that push for rate and increase in the rate adequacy and getting to a better level getting to a better level is shared among most in the industry. I think there's recognition between some of the losses that have occurred in the past and cat losses included some uncertainty in such inflation cyber risk as well as no property cat events. Obviously, that have occurred, I think there's a -- and the interest rates being lower, I think there's a recognition that the prices need to go up. I think I will just give you a quick anecdote. Some of our folks are doing file audits, on the reinsurance side, that is with some of our clients, who are competitors of ours as well. And the common thread or theme that seems to come through the audit is that the underwriting community is recognizing that more needs to be done. And you can see this evidenced in the discussion that they have with brokers. So we're very secure. I think there's going to be quite a bit more run way to this pricing improvement.
Marc Grandisson: Elyse, if I may add to that point. I mean, also bear in mind, at Arch, we tend to be prudent in reflecting all the margin improvement early on. So we'll have to wait and see where the data takes us. I just want to make sure we keep that in mind, as we go forward.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah. So on the insurance side, there's a lot more activity, more price pickup on the insurance side. And that's why on a quota share basis, even though the seeding commissions have not decreased as much as they would have, otherwise in other hard markets. I think that if you're on a quota share basis, you've essentially taken -- you're participating alongside your clients in terms of rate increases. So whatever rate increase I would have included in my remarks on the insurance you could ascribe, to the quota share reinsurance participation. On the excess of loss, it tends to always lag a little bit behind. There's some benefit from the underlying rate, because the excess of loss pricing typically is a percentage of the underlying portfolio. So to the extent that, some rate increase at the primary level, the excess of loss would get presumably a bigger percentage. But I think that, it would be safe to say, that the softer markets probably gave a little bit less adequacy or probably more of a need for price pickup in the excess of loss, in general. And we're probably expecting this to start to happen soon. I think there will be some recognition that is sort of a second derivative of typically of a hardening market. I hope that helps.
Marc Grandisson: Yes on the excess of loss. Because like I said, if I go back to 2002, 2005 market, I think that, the excess of loss market got probably a lot better. It took to like 2004 to get there. So you need a couple of years of primary rate increases to start to find its way or their way onto the reinsurance excess pricing. It's a very normal hardening market. So I'm very encouraged actually.
Marc Grandisson: If you were in an equilibrium in terms of supply and demand or the supply was plentiful, we'd be worried. That would take us back to the 2006 and 2007 period. But the supply and demand on the housing is such that, it should help maintain the pricing for quite a while. We have 1.5 million to two million homes missing in the marketplace. It takes a while to find their way to the market. There's also under built, as you know as we all read in the press. So, from our perspective, the house price appreciation is there. We look at over or undervaluation. We also have these metrics from our economist. And we're not seeing significant national overvaluations. So that's not another -- yet another -- not a concern. And the interest rates are still pretty low at 3% -- the mortgage rate that is at 3%. So the affordability is still pretty high, compared to historical metrics. So all of these, put together, it's never one dimension, right? And Jimmy, I mean, if you look at, I think overall if you across everything it tends in a positive direction.
Marc Grandisson: It's a really, really good question. So I think a couple of things happen, right? Number one, we probably like everyone else have a different perception on the riskiness of the cat book, right? There's a -- we just had a wind storm in January. So that will definitely make you take a different look at the non-model losses, right? There's a lot of non-model losses that seem to have percolated way more than we expected over the last two, three years. So there's an element of loss cost expectancy and also as a result of that needing a higher margin of safety for your return. That's clearly the number one consideration. And as a second one that is not to be forgotten is also -- it's an allocation of capital. They're saying well where is a better use of capital? Is a risk-adjusted of X in cat worth as much as a Y in other property for instance or in casualty? And those decisions are made on a quarterly basis, I would almost say almost daily. So as you get a broader range of opportunities on the reinsurance side specifically, you're able to manage your portfolio and reoptimize the portfolio as you go at least maybe in a quarter or two quarters ahead. So that's sort of a thinking beyond the stock management with a view of optimizing your return, not necessarily betting all out, right? I mean, that's a one thing that Paul [ph] told me way back when is that you don't want to be unlucky. Property cat, if you have all these great opportunities and not excluding out of the cat realm, it probably be who is your manager to taper it down a little bit also provided because it's not as juicy perhaps as the other lines are appearing at this point in time. So it's a bit of a window we think.
Marc Grandisson: I think, Meyer you're an actuary as I am. So you know that inflation impacts current accident year and prior accident year, right? So clearly we are -- it's part of the recipe if you will of establishing reserves. So we're trying to peg the historical trend as you know in a triangle is the best we can to the extent it's not captured within a loss development factors. So I think it's on both sides. Does that mean that we are releasing? Yes, I think that probably means that we historically have been a bit more careful in establishing our loss pick. If you look back at our history of combined ratio in the insurance group specifically, you'll see that we were much higher than what most people were in the industry. So I think that tells you that we were reserving at that point with a view of loss inflation that was more in the 3% to 5%, and we haven't changed our view really at this point in time except for, like I said in my comments certain lines, where it's probably appropriate to do a bit more. 
Marc Grandisson: Well, it's part of the $676 million that Francois, mentioned. We're accounting for that but it's definitely less of a cat exposure. There is some in there but it's definitely not the driver of the exposure at all. So it depends on what kind of business you look at. The cat load on these premium, is anywhere from 5% to 10% sometimes a bit higher depending on the quota share you're writing. But in a lot of our other specialty quota share you had some but again much, much smaller. So I would say that, still the larger contributor to our PML is through the cat XL portfolio. 
Marc Grandisson: If I can address for one second fill the GSE. The GSEs are allowing you to do a dividend without any approval at 150% or above right now PMIER. So at the end of the year it's going to go down to 115%. So we think we have flexibility even from that perspective even if you consider them as another gatekeeper of that dividend payout. 
Marc Grandisson: It's down versus last year. But the first question on Florida we had some decrease in flow. But if you look at premium it's not as -- it's not a one-to-one thing Brian. I think that the reduction was also as a result of buying a few things to if you will round of the portfolio. So it's not necessarily all like, because if we get into this market trying to get our net exposure to a different level because of returns we use also some reinsurance buying to take care. So it's not only Florida decrease. 
Marc Grandisson: We actually write some mortgage on Watford. Yes there is some already existing. It's actually been one of the things they've done for quite a while. That's also something that the Watford shareholders were very pleased with giving them the opportunity to participate.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks for everyone to be here and listen to our call and we're off to Cup Match and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
