Dinos Iordanou: Yeah, as we said with the implementation of RMS 11, the 5% number was approximately $200 million. So if you take into consideration that that $200 million has been eliminated our position will be approximately $200 million less of what we had before plus the earnings for the quarter which we added. So in essence our excess capital position hasn't changed that significantly.
Dinos Iordanou: You know and don't forget may be a bit more because a new standard now of how we calculate excess capital is the two notches above rating algorithm. So we are an A+ company, we calculate capital by at the AA level and then including the additional requirement that RMS 11 you know gives us on the PML and then anything above that we consider excess capital. So we are in a very strong capital position and that’s the reason we’re going to continue with our share repurchasing you know plan until the market turns and then we can write a lot more premium. But as you have seen from my comments you know even though things are improving not to the level that we’re going to step on the accelerator big time.
Dinos Iordanou: Well yeah, it is a lot of variables price, price-to-book where the Euro is trading, you know etcetera. But yes, our most heavy [Technical Difficulty] share repurchasing traditionally has been the fourth and throughout the first quarter for the reasons that we have already mentioned. In the third quarter, because of the significant expected cat activity we don’t do many share repurchases. So yeah, I would say we are going to go steady as we go as we have done in prior years.
Dinos Iordanou: If you press me for a comparison, you know Jay, and my memory is still good, I mean I am getting older, but I still have good memory. This looks like second quarter of 2000 to me. I have that same feeling; if you go back and look at what happened with the prior cycle, we are starting to see some positive [Technical Difficulty] rates in the second quarter of the year 2000. Don’t forget that continue for the third quarter and forth quarters of 2000; it accelerated a bit in ‘01 but we didn’t really had a true market until first quarter of ’02. So you know even in those days it took what seven quarters before we really got an acceleration; but there is no denying that when we look at our data and don’t forget Arch is not – we’re not a huge company like Travelers or ACE or Chubb that they have much broader you know basis for their comments. Ours is what we see on a $3 billion business not a much bigger book of business. We see in every sector improvement even in those that we still giving up rate, we are giving up a lot less rate this quarter than a quarter ago. So you know your consensus it’s a gradual improvement and it’s across all lines. The only two negative lines we had for the quarter it was in the malpractice area as I said in my prepared remarks and in the executive assurance in the D&O area. Everything else was either you know flat, slightly positive or in the mid-single digit rating process, we just listen from where we were coming, I’ll take it.
Dinos Iordanou: Okay. Loss trends are [benign]. You know that’s a broader comment and we usually measure that by frequency and severity of most of the lines and they do it, you know, both in our reinsurance business and in the insurance business we try to get underneath and measure it on the underlying business because, you know, that’s the only place that you can measure those trends. Having said that, we have segments of business that have volatility by nature. Property [fag] is one, of course of the cat business etc. and that for the quarter we have -- we did experience higher than normal, what we would call attritional losses. Some of them, they were flood losses, some -- they were, you know fire losses. But, in essence, we have experienced -- and that it will flow through the numbers and you might see that you know quarter after quarter. But it doesn’t look to us that is, you know, it’s a trend. It’s more as to what happened in a specific quarter. We joined the --
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. Yes, don’t forgot, we never use any of the shell product, but in its surety -- we have our own proprietary adjustments that we do based on our own experience, you know, etcetera, and as I said in prior calls even way back in the ‘04 and ‘05 storms we were making adjustments to model, that is not just the RMS model in my BBAIR model which we also use. So, we do pay a lot of attention to these outside models, but at the end of the day we make underwriting decisions and we take, you know risk based on our own models. 
Dinos Iordanou: No, no. Our preference is to write more business. However, I am not going to write more business unless I get at -- a good return. What I said is in the current market environment, it doesn't allow me to be looking for 15% to 20% growth. And that's the kind of growth you need to start eating up your excess capital. So not having that opportunity, then I got to return capital to shareholders, and right now based on where our share price trades we still believe that buying back shares is the best way to return that capital back to shareholders.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, it depends a lot on the business. I will give you an example, let's take, we are not a big workers’ comp writer right. But our monitors show that in the comp line we are getting the very little we write, we are getting 6%, 7% rate increase. We don't get excited until we get to probably 30% rate increase because if you do the math, you need 30% to 35% rate increase for that comp line based on the yields we get on new money invested and a full-year duration you know ground up to take that 117 -- 115, 117 that the industry is performing at and bring it down to the mid 90s because you need mid 90s in order to get to the mid teens ROEs even on that line. So, our evaluation on as to what we write by line of business type of accounts, goes through these analyses. What’s the rating environment, not only just year-over-year changes, but on an absolute basis, what is the profitability associated with it, and you know how much more can we get in the marketplace even the rates were adequate. Of course, there is limitations to that, I can tell you we feel that in the cat business rates are adequate but PML limitations doesn’t allow you to write you know more than x. So from a risk management point of view, we write up to risk tolerance. So when I look line by line and where we see opportunities, we see opportunities -- you see a little bit of growth, you know, in our business but is not broad based that allows me to deploy all the capital that I have.
Dinos Iordanou: Don’t forget, in executive insurance there is -- we view it in three sectors. Right? We have financial institutions, we have commercial [DNO] and then we have what we call private company not for profit etc. And then in [short] we write a lot of small to medium size enterprise which a lot of it is private enterprises etc. The latter part is where we are growing and that’s the part of the business that we like. It fits with our strategy of writing smaller accounts and we believe that profitability for that segment of the business is the best. And so the rate of reference was for large commercial, which were shrinking.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, it depends by company. I don’t know. You have the ability to ask different companies what they do. I can’t tell you what we do. -- rate of return in new money, when we do both our -- we stabilized rates and also when we compensate our underwriting teams on incentive compensation. Any under or over performance from that by the investment department does not effect those calculations either for incentive compensation for our people and/or for rate making.
Dinos Iordanou: The old rule was, it was my rule and it was simplistic. I said I want to begin the year and end the year with a major cat event with the same capital. So I took potential earnings for the year, my PML and then the Delta -- if I have an excess capital I mean would change. Now I think we are getting a little more sophisticated in our calculation and it might change in the future, and if it does we will always tell you as to how we calculate, but right now we feel pretty comfortable that we calculate required capital until internally. Management’s required capital is two notches above what the rating agencies -- and recount excess capital anything above value.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I don’t have, we measure that you know, so I am going to go and I apologize I didn’t know I was going to get the question, that I will have the specific numbers in front of me because we have a monitoring system that compares what we get our new business versus renewals. In most areas today, your new business is anywhere from if renewal business is at a 100, is anywhere from 94 to a 100. But clearly we are getting less rate on new business then we are getting on our renewal business and but I don’t have those numbers right in front of me to give you more specifics, it varies you know by line of business. But on average, I would say in a scale of a 100, new businesses is at 94, maybe 95 and then the renewal business it will be at a 100.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, we were aiming for that, you know, but I mean we might have reached saturation in our ability, you know, to continue changing that, because don’t forget we are not abandoning you know the large account business because in a good market, that’s why you make a lot of money. You know, we are just more careful about pricing it today and in that sense you know competition takes some of these accounts. You know we never really went out and told any of our clients, any of the brokers that we do business, don’t send us your large account business. It shows we are not as competitive on that and in that sense all the time it becomes less and less part of the book. I wish I can find the rates to grow that business because anything that we put out from a quotation on any account is something that we are happy about because if we are not happy about it, we shouldn’t be doing it. Right, so it is how much the market returns back to us and you know that’s been our attitude you know yes the recognition that smaller accounts perform better in the cycle is not only by us, it is probably by the entire PNC world, but at the end do you really have the infrastructure to be able you know to do that and over the years I think we built good infrastructure that allows us to do it.
Dinos Iordanou: But as I said, we are not such a large company to have a broad view. You know asking a very broad question, you know I can tell you based on the limitations that a company writes only $3 billion on annual basis is that in the construction sector which I think we have a good market share you know, we don’t see yet an uptick, keep talking about it but I think that business is still hurting quite a bit and we don’t see the demand upticking. In some other areas we’ve seen a little bit of demand uptick, but it’s not broad enough to grow broad economic conclusions about what’s going on economically in the country, but if I had to guess and this is my guess is I think we just continue to drift. The demand has not really increased to allow us to get more premium or more revenue because of increased demand.
Dinos Iordanou: I'm not the right person to answer this question because we have so little in that part of the world that I haven’t really spend time studying it or so, but I’ll do a little research on your behalf and then if you called on a subsequent call as an industry question, so we can comment on it. I’ll shed some light to it, but I got to get back to my cat teams all I can tell you is we don’t have much exposure in that part of the world.
Dinos Iordanou: Our economic ROE calculation is as I said in my prepared remarks is still high single digits when you put and I think we have something on our website, we have a grid that tells you potential ROE on the left and up on top multiple-to-book and we are the three year in recovery. And right now I don't know if its 1.2 but its 1.18 or something like that and basically until you guys give us more credit and shares go beyond 1.2 times book is not much for us to think about but…
Dinos Iordanou: Every cycle is different, and it happens for different reasons. Yes, the probability of companies going bust is probably a lot less today than it was in the year 2000, because usually companies go bust on reserve deficiencies, not a recognition that I can’t get much yield on new money invested and in that sense I got to improve my underwritings, so I can get underwriting profit etcetera. I feel what’s driving a bit of improvement in the pricing is the realization that investment yields are so low that we got to start thinking about your underwriting profit. I can tell you in the entire 90s nobody ever care if you were publishing a 100 combined 102 or a 104 in a business that you had 6% or 7% return on with a 2.7 to 1 you know leverage and 3.5 to four year duration. I mean, when you do the math, you know it’s pretty good returns. And also in those days, the capital requirements if you go and you seem to be spending a lot of time on the math, the rating agencies that were allowing us on a premium to surplus ratio to write a lot more premium to surplus. As things evolved and they got more sophisticated and the capital requirements have continuous increase and now the yields are going down, you have a much different environment. So I am not predicting that this is – the question was what does it feel like and I said in my comment about second quarter, it was the first time in those days for different reasons that we saw the market starting to increase rates and improve rating environment and I see a consistency in that between second quarter data that we have in the third quarter. Everything is lifting up a little bit; if it was negative, it’s a little bit less negative, if it was zero, it got to positive and if it was slightly negative, it got to zero. So you know that’s the only comment I am making. I can’t predict the future, I don’t know this might be like a jet on the runway and is trying to lift off and it might be a false one may be hit a little bump because they didn’t have a flat runway and then you come down again, I don’t know. But you know we’ll see, time will tell.
Dinos Iordanou: Listen, my job is to run Arch; I spend most of my time worrying about it. I haven’t done extensive analysis you know in other companies looking at their schedule piece and their reserves. I don’t spend my time you know worrying about others. So you got to do that homework and you can draw your conclusions. But one general comment and then we’ll move onto the next question is, I think the industry in general is not significantly under reserve like it was in the year 2000. And in my history in the business for the last 35 years that I spent as a career, usually companies go bust when they’re grossly under reserved and that does not exist today. So if I have to predict, I don’t see a lot of insolvencies left and right.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, like I said we have excess capital, I am not confirming how much you’ve calculated how much we are. Also we have earnings for the fourth quarter so that’s in addition that is growing. And like I said before Vinay is, it depends where I'm trading. If I am getting this lousy multiple that I am getting today, I’ll be more anxious to be buying more because I think I am creating value for my shareholders. If I get a reasonable multiple for what we are, I might slow that down a bit and even consider other forms of returning capital. Right now though we have a market that is -- I am going to be more patient because I don’t know if January 1 will might be a much better environment, and if it is, I don’t want to miss it because I said “oh, I don’t have enough capital.” You know if I am going to earn -- if I am going earn, I am going earn on having, you know, more capital available then less, but having said that I don’t see that. That’s why we like share repurchases because you can change what you do on a weekly basis. If I write a check for an extraordinary dividend the minute it goes out I can’t get it back where we shell purchases I can’t accelerate it or I can accelerate it based on yes if I monitor the market conditions. So, I will stick with the comments that I said that a fourth quarter will be no different than what was done in prior quarters, if you go, a year ago, two years ago or three years ago.
Dinos Iordanou: And by the way, you are always asking that question, if I was a professor with you sitting in the back of the room I would have flanked you!
Dinos Iordanou: It was approximately the same, you know, it depends what to do with the cat. We model it, it’s no big difference, I think it is more sophisticated way of thinking about it. Now if up a 19% of risk tolerance on my PML, one gives me more, if I am at closer to 25, the other one gives me more, so, you know, it depends how you run it, and where you are on the PML. In the old model that was the determining number. If I pushed it way up, on the PML, then earnings and the delta, it required more and now on the other hand, if I take a little less PML, it changes that.
Dinos Iordanou: Well you are raising a much more intriguing question which, you know, the way I would tell you is that in a market, let’s say we are in the very good part of the marketplace, I will not keep any cushion. I will write all away to my required capital by the rating agency because I have so much confidence in the business, we write in this profitability why keep excess capital and not really maximize returns for shareholders. So that’s when we said that we step on the accelerator and we write all the business we can. So, this is for now and for the market environment that we are operating today and I think it is prudent in the way we think about it and it gives me comfort. Listen, my number one priority is I want to sleep at night. Right, I don’t want to be turning and tossing. So if I feel good about sleeping at night, then I think I have the right measurement and you know right now believe me, we have enough excess to make me feel good about what we are.
Dinos Iordanou: Listen at the end of the day, it is not a hard and fast rule, that will require another discussion between us and the Board, we told the Board we’ll only buy it at under a three-year or less recovery, if special dividend which is not something that I prefer because it loses that flexibility that I talked about that I can turn it up or down depending what I see in the marketplace. One of the things that makes us what we are at here is the old (inaudible) strategy that will agile, will adjust to things both from an underwriting point of view, from what we do by a line of business et cetera and that draws this into that category. If we get there, listen, I haven’t seen 1.2 times book value for a long time. I keep dreaming about it and when I see it may be we’ll have another discussion and then we might make whatever determinations.
Dinos Iordanou: Right, we agree with you but give us a little credit here, we modeled that and the reason, don’t forget, there is other ingredients on our capital structure that allows us quite a bit of flexibility. That and hybrid to equity is very low. So even the minute somebody rings the bell and he says you’re getting on this straightaway and we’re going to write a lot I have the ability to raise you know I don’t know three quarters of billion to a billion dollars of additional capital without you know diluting my common shareholders which is the last thing that I want to do. I didn’t buy all these shares back because later on I want to dilute it. So that calculation we do continuously to make sure that never point in time, at no important time capital restrictions would not allow us to write as much good business as we can get our hands on.
Dinos Iordanou: I wish I knew, I think I am attributing to you know the class action activity is being benign and for that reason probably some people, they get more optimistic that they are not going to have the significant losses emanating from you know from this national class actions. Having said that we made mistakes in other lines of business that make us more cautious, for example in the aviation business, commercial aviation you know, yeah we didn't have major air liners that you know go down but their pricing got to a point that at some point in time even one or two incidents will take something from thinly profitable to extremely unprofitable. And I am suspecting that in the commercial D&O you know may be a slight change in environment all of a sudden you are going to have a lot of people with a lot of peers out there. So its an attitude as to what do you view, where the overall rates are and do you take into consideration what happened in the past and do you put some thought process into the improved benign activity. But do you price purely that what's happening today its going to continue to happen in the future. That's the same issue we had with you know RMS 11 which you get a lot of different outcomes if you take to long patterns or if you take the short patterns, three-four years and average that on cat activity so you've got to make judgments and in our judgment on the D&O world I think rates there you know they shouldn’t be continue to going down I think that business should stay, we are not its unprofitable, but we would continue to give upright and we are giving it a strong you know but still negative and that tells you a lot of people like that business in order for ways to continue to go down. There is a lot of capacity out there. But at the end of the day we are starting to be very cautious about that a lot.
Dinos Iordanou: It depends what the market reacts to, don’t forget we were way underweight in European wind and we were way underweight on Japanese quake and that is because we didn’t like the rating environment. It wasn’t just purely – I think the model changes might cause the supply-demand to improve and if pricing goes up, it might give us more opportunities, but I am not predicting that. I don’t know when it happens, and if it happens we will react to it. But we continue to be underweight in European wind because of the rates we can get.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, thank you. Thanks to everybody for bearing with us for an hour 50 minutes. We are looking forward to seeing you next quarter. Have a good day.
John Hele: And in fact, if you go back Mike – let’s quarter-by-quarter last like a quarter as you’ll see in the reinsurance segment, when you take out cat losses and favorable reserve development that, that number is bouncing around the bit quarter-to-quarter, and as we move to more shorter tail businesses and more property, you’re going to see that -- things that aren’t classified as a cat but we still had above-average storm activity throughout the U.S. and other places. So that’s what you’ve seen is bouncing around.
John Hele: No, I don’t think we have one, you know we are going to continue to be rather short – to that extent and it was more of reaction you know to Fed comments and what we expected the yield curve to go to. So it was more practical in its execution rather than it changed in philosophy. Our averaged duration is you know 3.6, 3.5 for the liability. So we are still shorter than our overall liability, but in the third quarter we felt that the rates are going to come down. So we tactically has Dino said that linked them with treasuries which paid off because rates did come down by the end of September.
John Hele: Well I don’t -- we don’t think so. Some people might, we don’t think so because the market only goes up because there is more demand, and when there is demand, if you are accompanied with an A-plus rating, good service capability and good market reputation, I think you’ll get your fair share. We might be fools but we believe in that. I don’t believe in the fact that we are not writing as much guaranteed, of course workers comp today, will inhibit our ability to participate in the future.
John Hele: It’s a tough question. I don’t know. First of all, your comment is correct. There was -- in the year 2000, there was a recognition that may be reserves were short for the entire industry, not a real problem for most companies in the current environment. Having said that, I think there is more and more of recognition today. Why managements and eventually they reflect that in their underwriting strategies that we’re going to be in a very low yield environment for quite a bit of time. At least there is nothing in the horizon that says that we’re going to go back to the 5%, 6%, 7% returns on the investment portfolios that we were experiencing 10, 12 years ago. So there is different dynamics that cause the adjustment in pricing. I believe there is a recognition today by senior management and in that sense, it’s starting to push it down into the underwriting teams that we need underwriting profit in order to get adequate returns and I think that’s why they were adjusting in price. How long will it take, I don’t know. If I was very good at that, I’d be in Vegas, you know.
John Hele: We use to have a buffer where we took into account the one in 250 PML was the future earnings, from that. But that was based a lot around model air and the potential for a large cap and in thinking about this, the fact we've gone to RMS 11 which we think is now a better calibrator model, at least how we see and how we've implemented it, and thinking about how we want to hold a buffer, we sort of like the overall AA or two notch buffer because that reflects all the risks that we’re taking in the firm. So we've got, sort of, a better buffer now we think about it overall versus a one dimensional buffer, which is only the cat event. And so that's how we want to think about it at this time and run the company.
John Hele: You know we have to be because we’ve always wanted a three-year payback and how we think about this and at these expected returns we’d have to be above 1.2 to make it much longer than three years in terms of the being not getting the payback. So if we’re trading just a little above our book value you know for the average book value for the quarter then we still like to share buy backs.
John Hele: And Hele, I think we sleep a little better at night having some buffer because it’s still a pretty volatile -- we are about there with European although the US economy appears to be a bit more detached from it, it’s still a pretty volatile markets out there.
John Hele: Well, see average ROE over the period of time, not your trailing because that was at September 30th and you know the 1.17 to 1.2 is sort of the upper end of the range, but we will continue to look at these options, but you got to average it out over the quarter.
John Hele: And then the other point is you know what’s the ROE on the business already in the quarter and Jan 1 may be better, may not be better, there’s a lot of things, you questioned a lot of what ifs and we got to decide sort of almost when we get there.
