Dinos Iordanou: Well, as I said in my prepared remarks, the – we like the environment in the sector. The underwriting quality of these mortgages is very high. The macroeconomic conditions, the positive. You will get fluctuations on a quarter-to-quarter basis on demand. There is nothing we can do about the demand. However, let me point out to you that the GSEs are through the bulk transactions. They are transferring a much more significant portion of the risk to the private market. So there is ample opportunity on these risk-sharing transactions to expand the demand for transferring risk to the private markets, which we participate. So that is the environment. As far as pricing, yes there have been spots of competition, especially on the lender single premium sector. But we have seen that easing in the first quarter on the basis that with P. Myers [ph] and the capital requirements from P. Myers coming into effect, there is a higher capital charge on discounted LPMI business. So in essence, we have seen not only us doing a lot less in that sector, but some of our competitors doing less. So I still – we are very, very bullish on that. But I am going to turn it over to Marc Grandisson, to give a little bit of the color because he is embedded in that business and he has been since the beginning. So he probably knows more detail than I do.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. Let me add also one more point. It’s more subtle point, but I think it’s important based on where the financial markets are today. At the end of the day, we won two or three of the highest rated MI companies. And I believe that a lot of the originators, I don’t care if it’s commercial banks or mortgage originators, etcetera, they are going to stop paying more attention to where they are placing their business. Even though they are not the counterparty, Fannie and Freddie are the counterparty I think it’s prudent to be placing your business with more highly rated financial companies. So we are bullish about that because I think you are starting to be recognized, especially by the small banks that, hey we would rather do business with people that they have a better – a stronger financial rating than others who don’t.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, we don’t try to sit on excess capital. I mean, at the end of the day, we look at opportunities to deploy as much of our excess capital. Our first choice is to deploy it in the business. As we can see now, most of our opportunities they are coming on the mortgage side and when we get dips in the market as we have seen in the first quarter, they are all – yes, stock got punished unfairly as far as we are concerned, but at the end, it gave us the opportunity for us to buy some of our shares back. If people don’t like them at certain price, we like it. And that’s the opportunities we take advantage of it. It was in the close window by the way. And I did put a 10b5 plan that it worked for us and it gave us the opportunity to purchase 1 million shares at reasonable pricing as far we are concerned. So, we are going to continue with that philosophy. And I believe we are going to get opportunities as the market is starting now with some of our competitors to be putting pressure on their financials that we can deploy more capital in the business, because at some point in time, it’s going to improve. Now, if you look at it quarter-to-quarter, you might be too anxious. We have a more longer term view. We look at it year-over-year and I don’t mind carrying a certain amount of excess capital for the next year or so in order for me to have my powder dry case, I get opportunities to deploy.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, early signs is a little bit of pickup, where we see – we see more of a pickup in utilization. And – but like I said, we only released this about 2 months ago. It was early December. Now, we are in February. Sometimes the process takes 6 to 8 weeks for a mortgage to be placed. So – but clearly, there is an uptick, a noticeable uptick in the utilization of the system and the applications that they go through with the RateStar and they get a quotation for that mortgage insurance. Now, if that loan is going to be made and if they are going to place it with us, because I am sure they are comparing what our price is versus the rate card from some competitor, it’s too early to tell. But I am optimistic.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s predictive analytics, independent if it’s in the auto insurance business or in the mortgage insurance business, etcetera. It’s the norm now. And if you are not willing to assess risk appropriately and price it appropriately, at the end of the day, you might be subject to adverse selection over time and we don’t want to be in that category. So, we do challenge our people to create that innovation independent of the workup for that symbol. Believe me, it’s a five-quarter effort. I was involved in it. Marc Grandisson was involved in it. And all of our senior guys from Andrew Rippert to David Gansberg and his team in Walnut Creek, we have put a big effort to do this. This is not something that as one of our competitors says it’s just some black box that spits out. It’s a lot of effort, a lot of analytics, a lot of historical data that we have used both from within the old PMI books that we are running off on behalf of the regulator, but also with external databases that deal with mortgage risk and we are proud of what we have achieved. And believe me, it’s still a work in progress. We will continue to improve it and improve it and improve it because it’s not something that is static. As we learn about the predictability of the model, then we will adjust. And it’s no different what we have done on the cat business, right? And you have seen our performance on the cat business. I think we have fared well over the years taking catastrophic risk, because at the end, we – let’s face it, I am the only non-actuary in the senior management team. I think they are ready to expel me from the group. Everyone we have is a quant here, except me. But I keep up with them. Everyone is performing.
Dinos Iordanou: Because I have got 2 Marks, I have got Mark square now. So it’s hopefully, not a third one called question mark.
Dinos Iordanou: Let me give you also a little bit of the strategic view that we have when it comes to expenses. I said many, many times in many calls we are not willing to par with our underwriting capability. So we are going to maintain underwriters even if the market might cause us to reduce writings because we are going to maintain – there are two things we – the two religions [ph] we have is underwriting is discipline and complete commitment to our good people, especially on the underwriting side. Having said that, we expect our managers to chew gum and walk at the same time. And as a company, we have a very good turnover ratio, but still we have a turnover ratio which is around 11% on an annualized basis. So within that parameter, you try our non – what I would call our non-critical underwriting jobs to make adjustments on your expenses through natural attrition. And that’s been our philosophy from day one. A well-managed company plays with those parameters and makes the right judgments. And our people are very good and very flexible and they accept reassignments and we move them from one operating unit to another where the opportunities are plentiful, especially if we have the work in – we have to reduce volume. So we do a lot in the mix, I think Mark and you got into the minutia. You got into the nitty-gritty on the financials. But I want you to get the flavor of our philosophy and how we are going to operate the company.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s too early to tell. So far, to my surprise Amit, hopefully a financial executive with average intelligence, I would have thought that credit on a credit business will have more of an effect as to who gets the business. But to my unpleasant surprise, it seems that a lot of the mortgage originators sometimes don’t care as to where they place the business, because at the end, they are not the counterparty, Fannie and Freddie is. But I don’t think that’s the wise choice for them to do. Over time I believe, that will have to have some effect, because why would you continue doing business with somebody with financially challenged and – but I leave that up to the market to determine.
Dinos Iordanou: I mean, refi creates more opportunities to write more insurance especially – and if you are penetrating the market will have an effect on us, because at the end of the day we like more refis along with new originations, but I don’t know. Well, Mark, do you have the number? We can always offline. Don Watson will give you the percentages. I don’t have all the books in front of me right now.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, you’ve got the number? Charles, while I have you in, so I want to make sure I got the numbers right before I quote it. It was a market where it was mostly a purchase market, 75% purchase, 25% refi. The mortgage rates went up and it became more of a purchase market in the fourth quarter.
Dinos Iordanou: You got to break it into components, right? You got to break it into components. So how much is internal expense and how much is commissions, ceding commissions, etcetera? You don’t write the business, you don’t have the ceding commission expense. Our intention is, and I have said it many times, and I know Marc Grandisson and I we see eye to eye to it, we have no intention for eliminating underwriting capabilities we have. I am not going to give my underwriters to the competition. So, we are going to maintain that, because our view of the market is more long-term than short-term. These are the same underwriters that generated significant profits for us when the market was good for reinsurance and that market will come back again to supply and demand and at some point in time, it will readjust. So from that perspective for you, when you are looking at your numbers, look at the operating expense, break it down into what’s internal versus external meaning ceding commissions and all that and the internal run-rate we are going to maintain, because I don’t expect us to reduce our underwriting capability.
Dinos Iordanou: It won’t be any less, but we can – we don’t know, hard to say what the new opportunities are, because we are engaged in a lot of discussions that sometimes they bear fruit and sometimes they don’t.
Dinos Iordanou: No. It will be steady. Lumpy on the upside if we get – if we do other transactions, but – and if we interrupt a relationship, it can be lumpy on the downside, but we don’t anticipate that.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s quite mortgage by mortgage by mortgage by mortgage. And you are earning that over the duration of that. And it’s a long duration, 7 years, 8 years, 9 years.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I mean we don’t make those decisions, Highbridge makes that. But in essence, their approach hasn’t changed. I know when the spreads have widened they are going to take marks. But they feel comfortable with the quality of the portfolio and the embedded yield, which is in the 7% and higher. And now it will be a question as to where the economy goes and would they have any defaults in it, but we don’t see – based on our reviews that we get on a quarterly basis as 11% owners, we don’t see a significant risk to that. They analyze every investment one by one and they put probabilities of default and recoveries. And it depends on where the economy goes. But if they can’t – if we don’t have a recession, I think they are in good shape.
Dinos Iordanou: 3.4 and our duration of our liabilities is not that different from that. So we are kind of neutral where we are today. But we can elongate that or go short on that depending what we do with the shareholders’ equity capital.
Dinos Iordanou: No, our OTTI was very small for the quarter. It was in the single millions of dollars. It’s – we have a total return philosophy. And our portfolio trades quite a bit and sometimes you are going to see realized losses coming through, because they might be repositioning the portfolio from one security to another and we take those marks, where other companies when they buy in whole, they might have more unrealized marks where we might have more realized.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, thank you all for listening to us. And we are looking forward to talking with you in the next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. At a high level, I think the U.S. MI, I will break it down in two pieces, the two areas is the credit union channel that we have. We had already a very significant market share. We are maintaining and actually growing it somewhat. So the growth there is going to follow the overall market growth in MI origination and MI purchases. The bank channel is going through a tremendous growth over the last year and most of the growth is on the MI or in fact 90% of the growth comes from the bank channel. We are still in the early stages of establishing our presence, establishing our relationships and contacting our clients and growing that and establishing the pipes, if you will, to deal with this. At the same time, we have this as you know, established RateStar. And RateStar is initial, as Dinos and I know, so we see the numbers, it’s been a very initial – very good response from the market. And that I think will lead to hopefully get – giving us more penetration in the bank channel for the next 12 months. And that’s not even counting the U.S. risk-sharing that Dinos mentioned. The new mandates, the new scorecard, the new – and evaluation that FHFA will do for the GSEs, they have to – from our expectations right now, the GSEs will have to, in the risk-sharing transactions, probably buy 50%, possibly more over 2016 versus 2015. So that’s actually a very bullish statement that private market is going to get a bigger place at the table.
Marc Grandisson: No. The only thing I will concur and further confirm that there is the highest level of application that we received are coming through the regional and commercial credit union channel. The banks are bigger, a bit longer to go over and make the change and adopt the RateStar application, but it’s going to take time, but we are going to get there.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. You heard the call on Radian and MGIC, I mean you can go through that and hear what they have to say. And there is trying – there is definitely a trend in the industry to go in that direction to actually try and address the inefficiencies, frankly, that resides within the rate card pricing to better address and better assess you the risk within a portfolio. But I want – I need to remind you, as Dinos and Mark did on last call, that, that endeavor of ours to create RateStar took over a year to put together. This is no small feat. It included having an amazing dedication and a big group of our people to really put it together. So I will not be surprised, I know I can’t speak to that, but I wouldn’t be surprised that our competitors feel compelled to have to react to this as well.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think from our perspective, it is a competitive advantage. I want to say we were a first mover because you rightly pointed out that some others have done it, again no other competitors in fact. But clearly, this is creating, we think some breathing air or some headroom for us and at least know because of the fact that we are already have installed it. It’s being used by our clients. And we are actually going to be dynamic like Dinos said, going through the portfolio, analyze it and modify and adjust it as we go forward. So we feel pretty good where we are.
Marc Grandisson: We have got very favorable loss cost ran across before. We do an analysis every year, which we had not anything in the data that makes us to change our expectation of loss cost trend. It’s still pretty low, but it’s very stable for last couple of years.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think to further add to this, we are focusing on returns and always we have very, very agile underwriting teams across the platform in reinsurance enable to maneuver in and out of markets as they see the returns get better or worse. A great example, as I have mentioned in my notes, is the UK motor. It has a higher loss ratio component by virtue of being a quarter share. You’re not going to get a 20% loss ratio in that business under – unless there is under extreme circumstances. So we are expecting to have higher loss ratio. But in the end, we don’t really worry so much about the components of the loss or expense. We worry about the margin that we can derive from the business. And as I – I will echo with what Dinos has said, I mean we have a pretty decent agile team that’s able to seek and source and seek and capitalize on opportunities. And we have more, always.
Marc Grandisson: It’s hard for me to tell what’s going to happen. It’s an ongoing – the relationship that we have established as we mentioned for last year has been very fruitful – the quarter share agreements that we have with one of the major lenders down under. We have – it’s ongoing. There are things going on down under as you know, various options that we are looking at. So it’s really hard for me to tell you how it’s going to go for the next year.
Marc Grandisson: I think I will – Josh, I will say it’s going to be lumpy on the written base because the business in Australia has written all upfront. The earnings is going to take years to go, so a bit more stability on the earnings over time, but the written yes rightfully could be very lumpy.
Mark Lyons: So let’s take in reverse order. I think this is the third quarter I have commented on the quota share improvement on the pre-ceding commissions. And it’s been about 260 bps. It fluctuates a little bit, 260 bps. I think the proportion getting that is increasing, so you get more of a gearing factor, firstly. Secondly, I am quoting those on a written basis. So you asked the semi-forward question and we don’t give guidance. But I think it’s fairly straightforward that if you are getting those kinds of benefits on a written basis, they are going to eat their way in over the next three or four quarters. So I think it’s reasonable to expect improvement and then likely flattening at that point. However, there is continued improvement in the gross commission ratio, mostly as a function of mix and that was 110 bps. And that’s a big part of it – the reason for it as well. On the OpEx side, let’s say we like to look at these things in total. We – on the insurance group side, you had some specials in there that were related I think to our UK operation. We had some compliance things we dealt with. We had some Lloyds cost. We had some overlap of some IT, which I view as non-recurrent, shifting from exchanging to an internal facility we have in the Philippines actually, which I view those as non-recurrent. The reinsurance, the mortgage stuff side we know about. It hasn’t come up the scale. On the – I think on the reinsurance side, that was dominated by the reduction in the net earned premium. There is a little accounting going on when we brought Gulf Re in, Vinay that – but roughly an additional $2 million of costs that come in more explicitly because Gulf Re is now a profit center in the reinsurance group versus before with more equity accounting, so a little of that sleight of hand. So to make a long story short, I would expect continued improvements on the cede commissions in insurance group and I would expect increasing management and flattening on the OpEx side.
Mark Lyons: No. I have not talked about that, but I think I will take that as a gas pedal. I guess a couple of things. First off as you know, we kind of report Watford’s results. We don’t drive Watford’s investment results. We are minority owners. But as far as the accounting world of it, they have elected the fair value option on investments. So in their line of realized gains or losses, it’s actually the sum of realized and unrealized gains embedded in there. So hopefully, you will find that helpful.
Mark Lyons: Well, that’s I would call harvesting or reverse harvesting, but it’s just your standard churn of fixed income and other investments that would have occurred throughout the course of the quarter.
Mark Lyons: Yes, I love taxing questions. So Chuck, it’s a good point to bring up. It’s partially contributory. There is a lot of areas that in higher tax jurisdictions like that, that had very good results in the year, mortgage being one of them, our Arch Re facultative group, our Morristown Arch Re Co. operation and the core insurance operation. So a lot of that kind of skewed it. So as mortgage becomes a higher proportion of total and if we continue to have these margins, it will only creep up the effective tax rate keeping everything else constant. We don’t know what’s going to happen in the P&C dynamics.
Mark Lyons: Right. Well, it’s good to be in a position where we have had it for years and years rather than trying to gain it. So, there is more renewals to us than new business to others. And in a tough market environment getting – to get on a new basis is a little tougher. Chuck, it was a program that was bought by a competitor. It was fairly large. It was, on an annualized basis, north of $80 million, hence $20 million in the quarter, roughly flat on it. And – but yes and we talked about action and other ones, but they – for calendar 2015, they were immaterial and this is one program that really affected it.
Mark Lyons: I mean, Chuck, as we talked about in the past, it really – it’s a different story by area, but Marc is right, across the board, weighted. We don’t see anything material happening. You probably saw that series class action suits, for example, that’s kind of returned to a long-term normal. It had been below normal, things like that. But luckily, we don’t seem to get hit by a lot of the SCAs. So, we will make them someone else’s problem.
Mark Lyons: Yes. Well, that wasn’t really in the reinsurance segment. That was overall. That was $2.9 million, which I said was 26% of the total tax on pre-tax operating income. That’s because the effective tax rate is 5.1% for the year, it was less than that as of third quarter. We have to true it up. We have to bring them up to the same level.
Mark Lyons: I am sorry. That’s – and we are not alone in this. So, you probably heard it on some other calls. It’s of the favorable tax ruling with regard to cascading FET where we had paid it in the past and then the favorable ruling came down, so there was a reimbursement associated with the prior cost expenditure.
Mark Lyons: Well, there is always seasonality in the business firstly. So, you got to watch the serial comparison. But there is some of the mix differences. I mean, the facultative unit performed well as it generally does and the degree by which it varies quarter-by-quarter. But as Marc said, the property cat being deemphasized and if it continues where the margins are not, we are likely to continue in that way. So the third party businesses and the other opportunities that they have been getting, they are I will call out of the mainstream opportunities continue to be in the pipeline. So it’s a little hard because that it’s probably only half of the business. It’s probably what I would call standard business at this point. But I think fourth quarter is more of a reasonable go-forward.
Mark Lyons: No. We generally don’t talk about that. We do it and we manage it in a total segment basis. So the whole strategy that Marc and his team, Andrew and his team has is they balance the mixture of that, but they have a common macroeconomic view and everything else. So we tend to look at it in totality and report it in totality.
Mark Lyons: And just to reemphasize and clarify that Josh, because I think it’s easy to get some confusion. That deal is not a single upfront premium like in the totality to the exposure. Instead, it’s a single premium market in Australia. So you are going to have – there is no monthlies really. So it’s going to be a series of singles that come out through month by month by month that come in and we will record accordingly. It’s not an upfront number.
Mark Lyons: Yes. I would say Meyer, that it’s a function of the duration of the aggregate portfolio at that point in time. So I would say as it becomes a higher proportion of total, it’s going to inch up the duration that – on it and therefore have it matching on it on the investment side.
Mark Lyons: There has also been a purposeful repositioning of the portfolio. You probably noticed that – not just the movement into U.S. corporates and municipals, but a de-emphasis of mortgage-backed securities and commercial mortgage-backed securities and so forth. So, we just compare it year-over-year. So, Dinos’ point is right. As you know, as you make these decisions in insurance, you are moving them into the bucket of just marks that will be unrealized, but that’s done with the thought of the future view of the portfolio returns.
