Marc Grandisson: I think this number -- interesting, this number is one region, one area, one sub zone. What is not seen in the numbers, and we'll have a more thorough discussion at the Q1 call is that we've increased cat exposure across a wider range of sub zones, and that doesn't really come across through that Tri-County. And I remind you, Tracy that the Tri-County renewal is going to be more important and more apparent at the June 1 renewal. So it's also one first step into it. So we have grown a European exposure because the race course look pretty good there. Significantly, it would not show up into that one single number, right? This is sort of a -- it relies sort of the true increase in allocated capital to catastrophe. If you look at the aggregate number, which is a better reflection there is [indiscernible] increase, that will be commensurate, it actually would -- you'll see the premium increase and the cap allocation increase are -- it will make sense to you.
Marc Grandisson: Tracy, our typical answer is, you tell me what the rate levels are like, and we'll tell you what we think we can do. We have a plan based on certain various levels of rate changes in terms of condition changes by zone by region. And our team, as you can appreciate, is willing and able to operate on that basis. If you take a step back, I think the overall capital position of the company is, we have plenty of opportunities to deploy, it's hard for us right now to see going all the way to '25. But certainly, we have room to grow and we have the capital and the relationships to do so.
Marc Grandisson: So I think it's across the board. You just mentioned that we have improved economics both on the quota share in excess of loss. I think that the numbers you see in Q4, a lot of it has to do with our recent growth in the quota share that we've written. I think by virtue of the cat XL, as we just talked about a few months ago, increasing, I think that we would be in a position to increase our excess of loss contribution to the bottom line. But when the hard market is around, which we still see on the reinsurance side and the insurance and the P&C side, we have a tendency to migrate towards a quota share. There's a few reasons for that. Number one, one of the big reasons that we like to talk about is, you inherit some diversification within that portfolio that you otherwise would not necessarily get from a net excess of loss perspective. And we really, really like this and we like to be closer to the rate change, right? When you're on a quota share basis, you’re side by side with a client as opposed to in excess of loss, you need to be relying on your sole pricing to make it work. So over time when the market gets harder, I think you will expect us and as part of the cycle management to underwrite more quota share versus excess of loss. This year, they're both pretty good.
Marc Grandisson: I think we're just experiencing, in the fourth quarter, that will probably change in '23, I think opportunities are going to resurface more broadly than we even had in the fourth quarter, right? I think it took a little bit to the market to digest in and to what it means for the overall market. I think another market, it's clearly in the camp up making -- doing what it needs to do to improve the return on the pricing on the property, which I think also you heard in other calls, I think will impact broader set of line business beyond the property exposure. But if we’re to go back, so if you look at the 70% growth, I mean 70% growth over, premium is about 3 times the size three, four years ago, we did have a lot of growth in the beginning of our market. So as you get into the late stages, I think 70% could be equivalent to another 50% increase in 2021 or 2020, when we started to lean into the market. So I think this is a natural phenomenon that after a while, you have -- now that you mined everything, but you really have pushed as hard as you could, and we're still pushing hard. Even 70% to me is about 3 times the average growth in the premium in the industry, that tells me that we're still seeing a lot of opportunities. But again, like I said, we're later in the stage of the [indiscernible]. And I think that we'll see a rejuvenation, if you will, of that growth possibly because the insurance companies are going to have to increase, as we all know, their pricing. One is the property cap and the higher retention why they have more risk retaining. And we're participating like the other guys on the insurance market, so we expect market to sort of getting a second bite of the apple, if you will, of a hardening market.
Marc Grandisson: I think we said a few things about the combined ratio. The 95% was meant as a target back in '16, '17 when interest rates were quite a bit lower, and it went down further. As you know, that meant that we needed to have a lower combined ratio targets, which we targeted over last two, three years, that's where you see the impact to us. I think from our perspective, low 90s is still what -- or high 80s is sort of what we're still pushing for because within the interest rates, they may revert back and come down after a while in a year, year and half from now. So you don't want to be rushing to recognize all the various interest rates, although we are currently -- we are pricing into our business, but we tend to take a longer view like we do on the trend on our inflation. And we're thinking the rates might come back down. So I think we would still target a lower 90s to high 80s to get the returns that we think we deserve.
Marc Grandisson: I mean the one thing that right from the get go, I think, you need to appreciate the quota share business is something that we might have written a deal in January 1 of '22, and the premium gets written over the four quarters. So we're benefiting from that, that's showing up in each of the four quarters. If the underlying rate increases also from the ceding companies are higher than what we might have expected at the start that gets adjusted throughout the year. So a couple of factors were, basically, we're just following effectively the fortunes of the companies. But still, I think our teams deserve a lot of credit for going after these opportunities, being responsive to the client needs, being -- providing good capacity with good ratings. Does that continue on in '23? We think so. We think the market is there and the [Technical Difficulty] growth was not only in [Technical Difficulty] business, it's pretty much in [Technical Difficulty] business. And property and properties [Technical Difficulty] a lot of attention in the last few weeks, but still, I mean all lines of business, other specialty, casualty, marine, aviation, remain -- I think all lines are, I think, in a position to really keep growing at a good cliff in ‘23.
Marc Grandisson: I don't know the answer to that. I like the comparison to ‘02 or ‘03. I would actually like to compare probably more like a combination of ‘02, ‘03, maybe ‘04 in liability and maybe ‘06 or ‘07 on the property side. So I don't know what that means. We haven't blended growing the combined ratio that we had in this year, but that probably would be close to what we can do. I mean, look, there's a lot of things that are different this time around. The interest rates are lower than they were before internationally. More specifically, we're an international diversified reinsurance company. Hard to tell, but it's certainly going in a way of getting above our long term ROE targets that's for sure, and that's really what, in the end, what really drives us, as you know.
Marc Grandisson: Great question, Yaron, because I think what we're going to see through '23 is a recognition. I mean it's already there but it's probably really coming home and the rules for us as a saving company right on the insurance line and our clients and ceding companies that more needs to be charged to the insurers that they can in turn pay the reinsurer they need to buy. Even if they went there, right, we heard that a lot of increasing retention, there’s still more volatility that's absorbed by those insurance carriers, which should lead to, again, needing a higher rate, everything else being equal. So I think what we're seeing is -- what we'll see is gradually -- and again, on the reinsurance sectors, Yaron, you can just renew business 1/1 and everything changes on a dime, right, on one stroke of the pen. On the insurance side, it take 12 month period to transition and transform and then reprice the whole business. So that's what I think we're going to be seeing, that's why I'm also fairly optimistic is because we're going to have that repricing occurring throughout 2023 and beyond. And alongside with those, between all of us here, the terms and conditions are also going to be on the table, right, on the docket for companies to present to find a way to not curtail but find a way to have a better risk sharing with their insurers when it comes down to other policy. So I guess for that reason that's what underlies is that sticker shock, not sticker shock, but good increase in reinsurance at the beginning of the year that we'll have to filter through all the plans and budgeting for all the insurance companies, including ourselves as we go forward in '23. So it's going to be a slow motion but it's going to happen, that's why I'm optimistic.
Marc Grandisson: That's policy year target effective [Technical Difficulty] it’s just expected, right, plus or minus, as you know, in our space, is volatility around the expected numbers, but this is long term expected.
Marc Grandisson: Well, we're running -- we're running about 90 now, and I think that we still continue to see improvement in pricing. So that should help us get there somehow.
Marc Grandisson: I think the one thing with an event such as Ukraine, which is a war event, there's actually a specific market for those kinds of risks. So it's not like it's included part of the overall coverages for cat or whatever else out there. There was some -- there definitely is a result of that event in attempt to exclude a lot of these war events and bring them back into the proper -- aviation war, on marine war market, for instance. So yes, there is a lot of -- obviously, a lot of activity there, a lot of rate increases there. We're participating in there, but those markets are to begin with pretty small. So that's why I think you'll see some improvement, but it may not be necessarily enough to move the needle for the industry, even though it's a very, very healthy proposition that rates have gone through the roof as you can appreciate for the right reasons in those types of business.
Marc Grandisson: Well, if I could just isolate. First, we wonder where you were, so good to see you there. Second, I think if you look at the property characters, I think the returns have dramatically improved. But as you know, for us, it's going to be incrementally, of course, accretive to our bottom line, but we're not -- it's not the biggest line of business for us. So that's what allows us, we believe, the opportunity and room to grow the way we think we could grow in 2023. So it's hard to say how much more, but the property cat itself, the market itself, has significant margin improvement.
Marc Grandisson: It's up there, but there are others that we don't advertise too much that are really, really healthy and getting better, as we speak. And as big, if not has been -- probably, some of them are as big as a property cat -- property cat writing. So we have quite a few who are giving us pretty high returns, but it is up there, you heard on the call, this is a good time to write property cat excel, a really good time.
Marc Grandisson: I mean it's hard to imagine, Elyse. I think the third party capital you mentioned, there’s still -- we're in a wait and see attitude. The US renewal, as we all know, is a small portion of the overall cat writing in the year, so more has to happen and as we all know. And in line with what -- our Tri-County was up, Florida exposure -- Florida is the biggest exposure. So it's hard to tell what could derail it. I'm trying to think out loud, the third-party coming in, I don't see it being a case. No cat in the first half of the year. While we better have no -- it would be great for an industry to take advantage of the less cat activity. No, it's hard to see anything at least, because I think that the psychology of the market is quarry of the kind of remediating what needs to be remediated in a property cat space at all levels. And from the C-suite all the way down to the underwriting system desk, I think it's clearly a recognition that we need more. I think the only thing I could say is, the one thing that I could say just to help you out here, I think that will make sense to you that we may have a bit less than perhaps some people have budgeted or maybe a bit more than budgeted price increase when we have a delta around what we see. But in terms of core capital needs and supply and demand, I don't see a major shift. I mean that was a long question, because I was thinking out loud here, but there you go.
Marc Grandisson: And Meyer, quickly, I think what Francois is saying is true for all lines of business and historically, while we'll try to take a prudent stance on reserve to ensure we have enough and will let data speak for itself. And this one is very unusual, Meyer, right, the dynamic [indiscernible] something unlike anything else. It's when we have another one, we'll have a better playbook to use, but we just didn't know. And we still don't know, it’s still not over [indiscernible] are forbearance. So it's still coming back in the -- it's not totally gone yet. So that's what leads us to be that much more. From the outside it looks like we're conservative, but we think we’re being prudent and the data speak for itself. And mostly, if it happens that we don't need it then we'll adjust it based on the data we see.
Marc Grandisson: Tracy, would you -- do you include D&O there, or you just wanted the ex-D&O, which lines specifically -- professional lines is a really broad market…
Marc Grandisson: D&O, okay. So D&O, we expect similar trends that we saw in the last fourth quarter, it may change a little bit as a result of the overall thing that's happening in the marketplace. But the trend in the large commercial, for instance, have been neutral to negative, actually, for the last three, four years. So I would say that even though we may hear -- you hear, I know rate decreases on our D&O for large commercial, there's rationality behind it. So we expect rationality specific to this. It’s not -- there's a lot of data that points to -- that validates what kind of price points we're seeing on the D&O side. On the smaller D&O side, which we do a fair amount of -- to remind you, we do fair amount of D&O. We still see a very, very stable, very good marketplace. But again, the smaller D&Os are not the big ticket items that you would expect, but a lot of them are going to be not for profit small policy. So minimum premium is really -- a lot of times what happens and that 5% increase might be $50, right? So these are the kind of things that we do [indiscernible] and we have grown dramatically over the last four or five years, it's becoming a big section of what we do. That market is healthy from a [change] perspective, right, to go back where it said about the large commercial, the SCAs are down 25%, 30% over the last four years. So it's a pretty good market to be there. The IPO market has stabilized. It was pretty hot for a while, pricing got crazy. We took advantage of a lot of opportunity that's not crazy, but it was a very acute needing capacity. We expect this to sort of renormalize again. So I think I would say, D&O is normalizing for the large commercial, sort of a Stage four. I meant Stage 3 we’re recognizing some of the overreaction, but the smaller D&O is probably early stage or Stage 3, which is still very profitable and a little bit of decrease here and there or a slight increase.
Marc Grandisson: Well, spend a good day with your loved ones, and we will see you in the next quarter. Thanks for listening, guys.
Francois Morin: Well, we've navigated through the regional differences in our pricing. So I think we have constructed our portfolio that we're very happy with, stayed away from what we perceive to be the more dangerous areas and underpriced areas. So I think that's kind of showing up in our performance over time. In terms of reserving, I'd say, two things. One, the delinquency rates are still very low. So it's not like we're really seeing pressure at this point in terms of the higher level of delinquencies being reported, and the loss ratio pick is really more a function of us being a bit more prudent. I think there's a little bit of uncertainty with -- whole prices, are they about to come down, does that create some potential pressure? We think we're very aware of that, whether there's a recession, et cetera. But we're still very, very positive on the segments. It's just a realization that this is maybe a likely riskier environment than we were in like a year or two years ago, and our reserves are going to reflect that.
Francois Morin: I mean the ones we reported really a couple more regions. We don't have -- I don't have those handy. I think the most of my -- to Marc's point, I think a lot of the growth that we saw, at least at 1/1, will come through in regions that were, I'd say, we were probably a little bit underweight in the past. So that's going to show up in Q1 premium and for the rest of the year, but in terms of P&L, it really doesn't have an impact.
Francois Morin: I'd like to think we got room to grow. But you're right, I think the biggest probably opportunity is NII, just with the leverage and the correction or the increase in interest rates we saw last year. I think that's going to take still a little bit of time to show up in the numbers. But as we look forward over the next 12 to 24 months, I'd like to think that, that will -- there's leverage there that we can show up in the numbers. In terms of the segment’s results, I think they can all -- mortgages, again, the reported results, I mean significant reserve releases, which certainly helped the bottom line and the ROEs that are reported. But we think the segments, the fundamentals underlying each of the three segments are still very good and they can actually still deliver very healthy results.
Francois Morin: Dollars of cap, yes, we think will go up. No question. We've been targeting, we’re targeting -- I mean our cat load in '22 was, call it, $80 million a quarter. Now it's probably between $100 million and $120 million for the first quarter of '23 based on what we wrote, right? And we'll see how that develops for the rest of the year. I mean, depending on how the 41, 61, 71 renewals, how those kind of materialize, there is, I'd say, a good probability that it will keep going up throughout the year. But based on the in-force portfolio that we have currently for the first quarter, I mean, that's kind of how we see the exposure to cat losses.
Francois Morin: I don't think it's going to move a whole lot from where it's been. I think there's been a lot of shifts in the mix of business over the years, right, as particularly as our insurance book in the UK has grown, that's a bit higher acquisition ratio, different kind of that reinsurance purchasing decision. So there's a long list of reasons or explanations as to why it is where it is now. And obviously, what we focus about -- what we're focused on is the bottom line returns whether -- if we're going to pay a bit more acquisition, we certainly think we're going to get a lower loss ratio and that has been the case. But for your modeling, we kind of, I think, exercise. I assume something pretty similar to '22 as a starting point, and we'll keep you updated as the year goes on.
Francois Morin: I mean to keep it at a fairly high level, those are general -- I mean, I consider them to be kind of capital relief, capital support transactions for a variety of reasons. Companies that have grown a lot under some rating agency pressures, aiming capital relief, companies trying to put some exposures behind them, et cetera. But just to clarify those are not retroactive so they're all insurance accounted transactions, insurance or reinsurance accounting, so that flows through our premium. They are across -- you saw it in our line of business, they did hit multiple of our lines of business. Some were other specialties, some were casualty, some are a little bit of property. So it's a spread. But it's all in a vibrant market. I mean there's a lot of pain that some companies are experiencing right now, and they're working for solutions. And again, we think we have strong balance sheet and capital to support them. So I think -- we don't know if they're going to happen again, those are lumpy. But if and when they are presented to us, we're happy to consider them and once in a while, we end up writing a few of them.
Francois Morin: Well, it's a great question, which is becoming harder and harder to answer, because in the early days, no question that we had adjusted our -- because so many loan, the delinquencies that were in our inventory were in forbearance and trying to make the distinction between kind of forbearance and non-forbearance delinquencies and how much of that worth was -- a new concept or new kind of reality we were basing. Over time, I mean it's been three years now. I think the reality is like the inventory is somewhat kind of commingled. So we don't really think of loans and forbearance kind of that differently than we look at the other loans, even though we know there's still a few of them in the inventory. So I mean long story to say that it's not something we tend to quantify directly every quarter anymore, but we still perceive that there's a bit of risk with COVID related reserves, and that's why we've been holding on to the reserves up to the point where we think we just don't need them. And right now, this quarter was an example where I think the data kind of suggested that we were -- it is the right time to really that there are no other reserves that were set up in those years.
