John Hele: A lot of questions; let me start with, the U.K. is not unusual. It was an opportunity for us to partner with some people that they have an existing book of business and they’re looking to expand the market conditions. They’re attractive for the time being and we can achieve double-digit ROEs. And the deal size depends how successful that you are in growing their business is going to be in excess of a $120 million for the year. It’s a 2012 event for us. Some of the other transactions that weren’t as usual meaning that you might put them in the category of either renewal right deals with books of business offered to us to pick up underwriting teams and their renewal rights. We had a few of those. We’re still working on some. We’ve seen opportunities in the mortgage space that is a re-insurance behind, either bank portfolios and/or building societies portfolios. And the size of these deals can be anywhere from $100 million to $300 million, $400 million in range and in essence depending on the line and the capital attraction or the capital utilization can be anywhere from $50 million to $250 million. So, looking at that, I wanted to be cautious in the way that we were deploying our capital because you can get in the batter's box and hit a few more runs or you can get into batter's box and strike out, but you can always do share repurchase at a future date. So, that was what was driving our decision making.
John Hele: Well, the investment is being a very, very successful investment for us. We invested $50 million. We received already $67 million in distributions and we’ve a carrying value as of the end of the year of $35 million. So, when you add it all together, this investment almost double our money independent of the loss that we’re going to take in the first quarter. The loss is emanating from the worse Cat year in the history of insurance. Its fourth quarter Cat losses and is coming from mostly the floods in Thailand.
John Hele: While I think the point is that has been offset we’re going to wait and see and we make the decisions when we get there in that quarter at that time what the trading is, what the outlook is for business. So we will make those decisions when we get there.
John Hele: And Greg we have seen and I think some others have seen in the industry through 2011, trend has been less than we have built in for this year. So, that allows some of these releases across many of our lines to flow out, whether or not that trend continues or not, we keep assuming trend is on a long-term basis. It will come back some day to that, we can’t tell you when and we have to look at that quarter-by-quarter.
John Hele: It was both. We have the ability to grow the business quickly. If you go back in our origin, ‘02, ‘03, ‘04, we went from zero premium to $3.5 billion gross in three years. So, our ability to deploy quite a bit of capital, as a matter of fact, our first year on a policy year basis, on an underwriting year basis, reinsurance group grew at $1.2 billion in ‘02. So, given a market trend that we can sense giving us good opportunities and good pricing. We can deploy capital very quickly. Now, you put on top of it, some unusual opportunities, somebody presenting us with $100 million renewal book of business that we would like to take over. If we take over any one of these deals, we’re starting to use big chunks of capital and why not be cautious in the way you’re having your, but if some of these deals don’t materialize that means we’ll continue to have excess capital. And I am even surprised that you guys keep asking questions on how we manage capital, because I think our track record has been phenomenal. We’re not trying to hold on to it, we’re only trying to deploy into the market as best as we can and if we have excess, we’re not shy of giving it back to shareholders.
John Hele: Vinay this is John, just want to add that the mortgage is, the main focus is international, where there is good opportunity there, say in the U.K. and some of other places, Australia. So, there is a proven opportunities there.
John Hele: Yes and yes. There is more stress in the market because the traditional players lack capacity and/or ability to do that. And of course you got to have the right team in order to get the opportunity. So the combination of both is what’s presenting us with these opportunities.
John Hele: Yes, we believe we’re going to produce double digit ROE. We have good partners there. We like the people. We have partnered together and we like the sector for what’s happening in the UK market.
John Hele: And Matt, it’s John. Also the earnings that flow throughout the year, it also creates capital as well.
Dinos Iordanou: If you go on our website I think we have a grid that tells you as to when we decide and on what level to do the buybacks. And basically it's a combination of what we anticipate the current business ROE to be, versus how long will it take for us to recover and if it's three years or less because if you’re paying above book you got a recovery period. If the period is three years or less than we chose buybacks. If it’s going to be more than and we have excess capital and we don’t think there is potential in the future to utilize it, we’ll probably use some other method maybe an extraordinary dividend et cetera. So, this has been a philosophy consistent now for the last five years. So, no change in that John anyone add or...
Dinos Iordanou: I don’t know if I would like to do none because the market is so good. I’m deploying my capital in the marketplace. But having said that, when I said the business was we had a white spread to it. We were pricing a lot of our deals and I wouldn’t say all of them at 15% ROE, some of them it was even at 12% ROE, expected ROE, and even with that we couldn’t get the buyers to agree with that. Some of the buyers they were looking for us to deploy capital of 5%, 6%, 7% ROE. We’re not going to do that. So, I’m not saying we’re not going to work on the deals. We’re going to work. We put a price out that we’re comfortable with. It’s going to be in a double-digit ROE. That’s what we tell the market, that’s when we tell the brokerage communities, that’s when we tell the buyers, but now do I have clarity if the market will respond to that or not, no if I had that clarity I can give you more of a precise answer. So, not knowing that that’s why I said I’m going to have a wait-and-see attitude. We’ll continue to work on these deals, some of them they have a long lee-way, some of them they might take two quarters, three quarters from beginning to end. It was successful, its music to my ears. I’m deploying capital for what I’m getting paid for in our business. If not then we’re going to revisit excess capital what do we do with it.
Dinos Iordanou: I thought John was pretty granular. It’s 64% of a property Cat which means that, I think we have a better record in reserving Cats than most. At the end of the day if they don’t materialize, would it be conservative? You’ve seen what we’ve done with the Thai losses too, because the contingent business interruption is so difficult to estimate. Even though we never wrote excessive loss cap business in the country of Thailand. We have no direct traditional excessive loss cap business in that territory. We are anticipating losses coming from both our insurance group and reinsurance on large industrial risks that done on a global basis. But because the contingent business interruption is such a difficult measure we became very conservative. And at the end of the day, I’d rather be on the high end of the reserving range than the low-end. You might say we’ve done the same in prior years in ‘05, in ‘04 et cetera and if you look at our history we had consistent reserve releases from short-tail lines, this is not the first year. It just happened to be unusually higher. But on short-tail lines you know what you got, its either you got a loss or you don’t and you don’t have to wait for many years to figure it out. Now the 16% on long-tail lines which is just about 16 million bucks out of the total came from the very good years in the casualty business ‘04, ‘05, ‘06 this is no reserves from any of the later years and the medium term it might be a few years after that but is mostly medium-term.
Dinos Iordanou: Claims may professional liability business with low limits that usually within three, four, five years where you are.
Dinos Iordanou: Right. From all events starting with ‘08 and don’t forget ‘08 it was a very heavy year with earthquakes, floods et cetera, it’s all events, it is not just one event.
Dinos Iordanou: A little stronger than one we told you last quarter because we then do share repurchases. Our premium growth hasn’t been that dramatic yet.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, the one that we did it was in the reinsurance sector and we set the size of it, it is about figure of $25 million at quarter, it’s about $120 million and it’s a 13-month deal.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, that’s before expenses. So you got to take, if you are putting in on your new model, you better take out investment expense out of that too.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, I don’t think it’s going to move more further down because we’re finding enough products with still high credit quality and enough spread from treasuries to continue maintaining approximately in the 2.5% to 3% yield and we’re going to try to stay there. So, I don’t expect that to move dramatically. We have a...
Dinos Iordanou: We saw them on three sectors, Vinay. We saw them on the P&C sector, we saw them on our new initiative, which is the mortgage space, and then we see them also on new initiative which is our life and A&H reinsurance sector. So we’ve seen them. And don’t forget you bring powerful teams, good underwriting people with market connections even though we believe, at least we believe that will conserve underwriters, the market is responding and sending us these opportunities. Now it’s up to us to find the right ones with the right profitability and bring them home and close, but I’m an optimist. I’m a patient optimist. Market is moving in our direction, we probably can utilize a little more capital over time. We’re seeing these kinds of opportunities. If we hit on some fine, if not we will go back to our old ways.
Dinos Iordanou: Right now on a policy basis, we think we are still in the around 9% range. That’s how we’re calculating it. A lot of that influence comes depending if you are going do you own calculations. I can run you through pretty quickly. On an accident year, this is not policy; on an accident year basis, this way you can follow the numbers; we produced 7.2 for the year, the cap losses, there were a 200 million more than normal and then we had about $275 million of prior year reserve releases. So that will bring your ROEs slightly below seven on an accident year basis. Now why is my policy a better; first there is some rate increases that is going to improve the book and second I think our mix is changing to higher ROE. So the percentage of business with the higher ROE for the 2012 year is a little higher than what we had in the prior year. So when you push that we’re getting somewhere in the high 8% and change 9%. And we do those calculations, that’s why I can speak to them because are we're happy with it. You don’t see my comments to be too enthusiastic that hey, we're going to go and write a lot of business. Our growth is still predominantly emanating from one-off opportunities rather than across the board improvement but I’m more optimistic than I was last quarter because I think the market environment is moving in a good direction.
Dinos Iordanou: I’m having difficulty deploying my excess capital. I’m not worrying about capability because when you look at the balance sheet, it has very low leverage 14.4%. I have approximately three quarters to a $1 billion of hybrid capacity that I go out without having to dilute my common and raise either debt or perpetual prefers or whatever form we decide to do. So at the end of the day, the instructions that I have given to all of our operating units is operate in the marketplace as if you have unlimited capacity. I’m not talking from a rich point of view but from a capital point of view. And once you utilize whatever I’m allocating to you and we need more, I’ll go out and find it. So, we’re operating with an ability that we have a lot of capacity and a lot of dry powder for us, given the right opportunity in the marketplace to capitalize.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, it’s our first choice, yes, absolutely. I didn’t buy all those shares back to go back and dilute my common.
Dinos Iordanou: We do at granular analysis by profit's centered, by (inaudible) and depending what you wrote it on insurance or reinsurance, some things will pop up a little bit on one and go down on others et cetera. All I can tell you is, I spent as much time with the actuaries to the point that I think they don’t like me a lot because I ask too many questions and I spend too much time with them. I feel that our reserve position today is as good as it was a year ago or two years ago and that’s basically also the opinion of outside people that they advice us and they do independent reviews on what we have. We have a very good methodology in how we reserve the company and I think I’ll let the track record speak for itself.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s not, I wouldn’t read too much into it because let say it’s a line we like to grow cautiously because let’s face it, it’s a credit line and in the economic conditions we are is something that you need to be cautious. But also it depends how you buy your insurance protections on the surety and we’re switching more from a quarter share to excess of loss which in essence it allows us to retain more of the net premium to us.
Dinos Iordanou: Listen, motor insurance, I don’t care if it's auto in the U.S. or Motor, it's a predictable line. When you under price it, you’re going to find a lot of excuses why you're not making money and when you price it appropriately, you are going to make money. Rates have improved in the last couple of years. Some of the pricing challenges have been resolved and if you have good partners, and we think, don’t forget, you also got to look at the partners that you’re partner with. We like the people; we felt it was a very good deal for us to do.
Dinos Iordanou: We'd like to be in for as long as we can. I don’t like to be doing all this work and go in and out at the end of the day. But on the other hand, we're not going to stay there and take losses. I mean that’s not what we get paid for. We get paid to make money for shareholders. So it’s a combination.
Dinos Iordanou: Our attitude on talent has not changed. I spent a little time on my prepared remarks just to tell you what we’ve done and usually we don’t go out and put press releases if we hire some people et cetera, but we’ve done enough that I thought for a lot of the analyst it would have been important for them to know, because some of them, they hear about this, they hear about that and they ask us the questions. We will hire talent independent of cycle. We don’t care if you get a Michael Jordon come knocking at our door, you’re hired right. Now is the market allowing them to deploy their talent and show a lot of revenue and profit immediately, in some cases yes, in a lot of cases no but we’re very patient. I’ll give you two examples. We brought a very strong property fact team. They're doing fabulous, Steve Franklin and his team et cetera. The market allow them to operate and do well for us and we let them do. We brought David McElroy and his team. They’re fabulous people, probably one of the best underwriting teams. The market did not allow. We're patient. We told them, listen, we hire you for your brains, we hire you for your capability and one day the market will allow you to display what you can do. So we’ll be patient along with you. So our attitude is we find the right people, independent of cycle we hire them. We warehouse then. I never saw a company go bust because maybe their expense ratio is a point or two above what it should be, but I’ve seen every single case that you do that when the right opportunities come these teams more than pay for themselves and, we're very, very patient about that.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, a little bit of growth was in Europe and it was mostly on small to medium sized enterprises and that sector both in U.S. and in Europe we like. So even within a line, even though we don’t write the large financial institutions, the large FI business or commercial D&O, it’s not in the best of shapes for us to be enthusiastic about significant growth. Things are improving, but not fast enough for us. There is other sectors that we do like and there if we can grow, we’re going to grow.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, and we don’t think it’s going to reach there, but I don’t have to make a judgment yet as to what I’m going to reserve it for next quarter. The industry experts, I am not one of them, but they think that the loss is going to be somewhere between $850 million to $900 million. There is a good logic around how they estimate that. You got about $0.5 billion which is the whole, then you have the 32 debts and then you have the evacuation, and then you’re going to have the removal of debris and wreckage. All that is going into go on the liability side. We estimate that $350 million to $400 million, that’s not an unreasonable number. Now, what things can change that is if we have a spill and then you have an environmental disaster, there is about $1 billion of cover the liability side for pollution that if they run into some very difficult problem in removing, that might escalate, they don’t anticipate that but I have to give you a range and in that way of thinking, both with town floods or this one, we give you a pretty broad range and we tell you what it's going to cost us if it happens at $850 million versus $2 billion. Now, do we believe $2 billion? No. I’m not sitting here and telling you that that loss is going to be a $2 billion loss. It probably is a very high probability that is going to be in the $850 million to $1 billion and then would be on the low end. By the end of the first quarter I've got to make that judgment and put a reserve up and as we get more information and more information we’re going to refine that number. But right now, that’s our range, $18 million (ph) to $35 million (ph).
