Dinos Iordanou: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. As many of you know, this is my last earnings call as CEO of Arch Capital, and I could not be more proud of the team and organization that we have built over the past 16 years. We announced our CEO transition plan two years ago, and I’m very pleased with the work Mark and the entire executive team have done to position Arch for the challenges they will face in the future. In our 16 years as a company, we have come a long way. We have taken an idea to build from Scrooge a specialty insurance and reinsurance platform that can generate superior risk-adjusted returns and we have done that. We also saw an opportunity after the financial crises to add a new segment, mortgage, that profitably diversifies our company, and we have achieved that also. Through the PNC cycle, Arch has produced average annual returns of 16% and book value per shareholder average returns of 16% and book value per share was growing 10 times from $6.03 a share in March of 2002 to $60.91 per share at December 31, 2017. And a share price of $87 before this call from a split adjusted $8.84 back in 2002. On my own, I cannot have accomplished these results, but with the help of many people, much has been accomplished. The challenge for all of us was to improve the intellectual capability of the company and its ability to manufacture, as I always say, profitable decisions. Most companies do not pay enough attention to the most important asset they possess, their employees. Here at Arch, it’s the foundation of our success. For Arch, the question has been how do you create a culture in a cyclical business that not only empowers, but also helps our employees to make the best decision that they can. You have to care for them, you have to share knowledge, you have to teach, you have to reward them. You have to provide an opportunity for employees to constantly learn and transfer knowledge up and down the organization as well as across segments and channels. The more knowledge your employees possess, the better decision-makers they are and that is what produces outstanding results. You have to believe in the success of the team over the success of the individual, and you have to be willing to challenge and be challenged. Collaboration is the secret sauce that enables crisp execution and achieving extraordinary results. For the past 16 years, I’ve had the honor and privilege to help lead Arch and to have a hand in its formation, and success is one of my greatest personal achievements. I’m now passing the baton over to Marc, and I’m confident that we will see not only a continuation of the culture that has made Arch successful, but that also I expect the future of Arch will be enhanced under his leadership. To take an analogy out of car racing, which I’m a fan of, Mark, here are the keys baby. The Ferraris are in the starting position; the fuel, ready to go. Achieve greatness, my friend.
Dinos Iordanou: Elyse, its a good question. I think we’re prepared for that one, obviously. I think there was somewhat of a small margin expansion in the fourth quarter of this year. It’s clearly that we’ve seen it. We think it’s about 30 bps in our portfolio, maybe its 50 bps. It’s a positive – it’s small, but it’s a positive and it’s also in the heels of 2.5 years of margin compression. So that you have to keep that in mind that a one quarter change does not repair 2.5 years of margin depression. That’s what we are cautiously optimistic. It’s holding in January, our initial discussion with our team is that – the market is holding of the right level, the same as it was in last quarter. Essentially if you talk to our team, they’ll tell you that 2017, the last quarter of REIT changes pretty much meant that 2017 was a wash. So we sort of have a stable year versus 2016. And this is what’s behind our commentary about the market. So it’s holding, slightly improving. And clearly, there has been the recent improvement at that level, but it’s also an improvement in ROEs and returns in margins. And a lot of it – that’s not have a whole lot to do with the REIT level themselves. A lot of it has to do with the tax rate changes, specifically in the U.S. and as well as their interest rate environment that we see all around us, right. So those two together account for about 200 basis points of pickup in return. So historically, we told you we have about a 7% to 9% ROE. This was middle of 2017. So I think we’re probably moving towards the higher end of that range, but the one thing that I mentioned that I really want to impress upon you, these are all quantifiable changes, risk changes in trend and losses. There’s a lot of stuff out there that’s called terms and conditions, and a lot of it has been given away over the last 2.5 years to 3 years. And we don’t necessarily factor that very well into our calculations. And the trend has been going up. The trend was 1.5% at closing and on 2% for this year. So that’s why we’re cautious because, yes, we’re seeing some compression and margin expansion. The last quarter, it seems to be holding up at the January level – the January 1 renewal, but there’s a lot of uncertainty as to where are we starting from and what it will it mean for the next – for the remainder of 2018.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s prudent. From an old guy, it’s always prudent when you can calculate something. Then I think in my 42 years in the business, the effect of the change in terms and conditions never really mathematically can get factor. It’s prudent to be a bit more cautious, and I think what Mark and the team have done for determining the accident year is prudent, in my view.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. They’re going to bring me back just to pick up the menu every quarter. Because I don’t think they’re expert on Greek food, but I am.
Dinos Iordanou: Let me just a little color. What Mark said is absolutely correct, but I want you to understand that a risk price methodology adjust for the riskiness. And for that reason, a reduction in exposure has been mostly in the 95 LTV and above and, of course, singles that we have been mentioning for the last three quarters. Just a little more color.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I don’t know. My duties going forward is – board duties, choosing the menu for the calls. I won’t participate on the calls, but I’m going to be talking to the chefs as they’re going to offer for lunch. And, of course, I’ll be available for golf games and dinners, especially if I don’t have to pick up the tab. So you know my number, so if it’s the golf games with good dinners, and I’m always available.
Dinos Iordanou: Tzatiki’s too – this is my mother’s secret sausage – I mean, secret sauce, which is a lot better than tzatziki. Tzatziki, every Greek restaurant has it.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, I will pick up on what Mark said. I mean, yes, the losses in the aggregate, I mean, it’s three losses and then you have the California fires and all that. It’s still over $100 billion – It’s still over $100 billion. So this is not what I would call a small event. But as Mark said, most of the absorption of these losses came by the primary riders. And for that reason, the reinsurance market and especially some of the – what you will call alternative capital did not get hurt as much as potentially could have been hurt. And for that reason, that capacity remain in the marketplace and it got easily reloaded, et cetera. And that has an effect as to how you’re going forward to with the rate. I don’t know if Mark and in his comments was more specific. In the primary property arena, we’ve seen gradually improvement on the pricing that is not diminishing. It’s happened in December and it’s continuing in January. And at the end of the day, I anticipate – he’s going to continue because that’s where they heard is. Most of the losses they’re getting paid by the primary companies. Now it didn’t affect to reinsurance as much and for that reason, I think there’s capacity is plentiful. And rates have not escalated based on what we were anticipating. Mark mentioned 5% to 10%, which is not – what we want. If you was 30%, you would have met our threshold. You would have seen us writing a lot more cat business than…
Dinos Iordanou: My only closing remarks thank you all it’s being a pleasure work with you over the years. And remember I’m available for golf games and I’m available for dinners. So I’ll see you around. Thank you very much.
Mark Lyons: I will just add Elyse, we talked about that as a management team. When you look backwards, the actual risk it takes never works in a soft market. It’s always worse than you think, and its terms and conditions as Mark highlighted. So that’s where our gray hair comes from. We’ve been through a wealth of these things that you have to be thinking more conservatively.
Mark Lyons: Yes. I would just add Elyse. This was six months ago. The idea of retraining if we could and deploy it would have been tougher. Now it’s – we’re training about 142% of book. I think as of this morning, over three years, that’s 12%-plus, getting closer. Not at, but closer to where we are. So it’s not impossible, but we’re looking to deploy our businesses, first and foremost.
Mark Lyons: And Kai, if Marc didn’t mentioned, I apologize if you did, when you adjust for those hurricane-related without the delinquency rate, it’s 1.97. It’s virtually flat with the prior quarter. So that really accounts for it. As far as your second question on the expenses, for the quarter, the segment was 20 little over 22. We have to keep in mind, is yes, we’re growing on premium and you got the AIG quota share session starting to wane marginally a bit. But as I commented on in the prepared comments, the deferred acquisition costs were written to zero on the UGC transaction. So they’re building backup and being amortized. So I would not to get crazy guidance, but I would say as best, it would marginally improve from the 22.1%. So best I can do for it.
Mark Lyons: The only real impact you’re really seeing of significance is in mortgages as we talked about. I mean, there is some growth in NWP as Marc delineated on a written basis, but the PC side is really not to date, has not really impacted it’s really the mortgage side.
Mark Lyons: I’m sorry, Meyer, yes, you did have a second point, as now I can just point out to me. The FET on the $13.6 million was reflected in the reinsurance groups acquisition ratio, and it was all expense.
Mark Lyons: Yes. We would expect that incremental benefit now, Brian, of course, the 35% to 21% that we have, it’s all U.S. we have a U.S. tax group that goes beyond mortgage, of course, it’s all very – everybody talks about the other U.S. stock companies benefiting enormously. If you have other U.S. based income you are benefiting too, just as we are.
Mark Lyons: I think it’s purpose, it still very much alive, I mean, we have other guys coming up with total return reinsurance still as of yesterday I believe it was announced in the marketplace. So I think that one thing that happen to Watford is that they were essentially participating on the property cat portfolio and so to happen to run into the 2017 cat as well. So the question is, was this appropriate then we can look back and be money, money quarter back. But at the core of what Watford is doing, we are – there is no much change for it purpose and it’s still very much alive and what it’s doing. The reinsurance play as you guys remember what initially what we are trying to do get Watford into there is been a shift over the last six quarters, as I mentioned the reinsurance market terms and conditions got progressively worse since we established Watford Re. There is a push for Watford to become more of an insurance provider in the U.S. And that will certainly help those kinds of combined ratio and volatility specifically around their results.
Mark Lyons: Let me start it. I think the ongoing movement over the last few years and Marc has highlighted in the past of smaller policies lower limits continues to constrict the volatility, which is part of the game plan. And large attritional losses you still occasionally get we got it from the fourth quarter of last year, you got it again this year. It seem to be a common theme on insurance and reinsurance on the onshore energy being the exposure that’s generating that, which is requiring different actions associated with it because you have to have a common view of that across. So I think the corrections for that are going to go – take a long way for stabilizing. And you could never say never, but that’s a high capacity business that can hit you with large pops.
Mark Lyons: Well, the hurricanes pretax load was really not that large, so you can kind to deduce that is not a big deal. It was south of $5 million.
Mark Lyons: The PMIER is $72.5 million of drag. We had to put a sign for the new notices. That’s the question. Sorry, Geoff, we didn’t get that.
Mark Lyons: Let me just throw in once again. I know you asked an industry question, as it relates to Arch, especially with Dinos and Marc’s comments about the primary side. In the prepared remarks, they’ve comment that the reinsurance releases treaty and facultative. As facultative is the sister process, rest by portfolio similar to insurance. But attachment point saves you there. And the primary guys are ground up whereas the facultative unit is very skilled where to attach.
Marc Grandisson: And Elyse, again, this is just one quarter worth of information and we’ll have to wait another three to four years to see whether that – these numbers are holding up to what we think there holding up. And that also means that we fit 2013 through 2017 at the right level, which one could argue that’s not everything is probably as rosy as people might think. The proverbial bond maybe a little bit out of the bond, as Dinos would like to say.
Marc Grandisson: Exactly. On the PMIER note, that’s a good question you’re asking. It’s going to be asked. Currently, we don’t see any change in our capital plan. We’re totally everything is in line. It’s going to be some changes. We can’t talk about it, but totally within the planning budget. So it’s nothing to talk about.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. We talked about last quarter, I think, the number I put in the ground for it to make its valuable. In terms of to get back to historical returns, we wouldn’t want from a property cat perspective. Not perspective because of the volatility around it, we would have won about 30% of increase. And now where we are, we probably gained anywhere between 5% to 10%. So we would need not in a significant amount of REIT increases though. So one thing I tell you about the middle of the year, this is property cat exposure business insurance or reinsurance. They are very, very similarly in terms of REIT needs. It’s too early to tell. I think there’s a lot of adjusting for position in the marketplace. One thing that surprised us, I’ll tell you for January 1. And it might be another reason why we’re a bit conservative in our comments is that capital does not seem to go away at all. If anything, I think capital has been increased at the 1/1 renewal, and its – the capital has committed for one year. So maybe we would expect a very similar round of REIT change by midyear. We think it should be much bigger than this, much higher than this, but we may not be able to get this because of the microeconomic forces of supplying demand of capital, essentially.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Delinquencies are getting better, and we have our delinquency – the case of delinquency that we have on our portfolio, if you exclude to your point the recent storm, it’s still decreasing. And sequentially, as is with everybody else in the sector, we have seen a blip about 3,200 new claims. We think it’s kind of hard to see through all the claims specifically, but we estimate about 3,200 claims from the storms. You acquired right, it’s a blip. It went up from one quarter. We expect the cure rate for those claims, as you heard from other people to be very, very high. A typical delinquency now that we see that’s non-hurricane related probably cures to the tune of 87% to 92%. The ones on the storms are going to be – we expect north of 95%, but you’re right. So blip, we have to recognize it. There were some reserves put aside for this as a result of that event. But we are expecting this to be a blip and go away. As of the recent, I think, Mark, we have already decreasing claims. We have 3,200 at the end of the year. At the end of January, I believe, we already had 400 accrued. So we expect it to be fully curing. Also, we should know, you probably heard about some other call, that Fannie and Freddie had put programs to stay any delinquency to give people credit and give some leniency on their payment of the storm. To recognize, the duress under which they are for the storms. So anything that we hear and see indicates that it certainly will repeat itself and that will be a blip that goes away in the large part.
Marc Grandisson: I think, at high level, Brian, I think once – investors look at returns after tax. Most of the U.S. MI provider of capital of U.S. MI business are U.S. based, therefore, U.S. taxpayers. So I would expect, in general, so that should means, everything else being equal, which is never is, that the returns would increase for the U.S. MI provider. Therefore, the question is, is that – will they be okay with this? Will investor expect a higher return? Or did the risk change in any significant way? So I think all else being equal, I would expect the market has been such not only in MI specific, it’s also P&C in any market, for that matter, phenomenon that if there’s more money left after you pay the tax, man that there was an adjustment for returns. So we would expect to have some kind of effect. I don’t think we’re seeing it quite yet, because as we all know, collectively, there’s PMIERs 2.0 on the horizon. And done my taper somewhat what happens over the next six or seven quarters. We don’t have a crystal ball, as you know, but all else being equal, when tax rate goes down, when there’s more money available for shareholders, and everything else being equal, which would expect price to go down slightly. Yes, we would.
Marc Grandisson: Well, before we were paying 35%, there was a quarter share to ARL for capital management purposes, so that would blend into 17.5% absent FET on the other side. Now I’d say, 25% for what’s in the U.S. and then there is a quarter share although we have to weigh that with the B tax that comes into play as well. So we’re somewhat similar – in a similar position after tax then we were before if not improved slightly as Mark mentioned.
Marc Grandisson: I think another variety. A good characteristic to keep in mind is, they are north of 50% – I think they have 55% in the quarter direct on their own paper rather than being [indiscernible]
Marc Grandisson: The best question, the best way to answer that, I’ll ask Dinos to chime in to confirm what I’m going to say. But I think the Mark Lyons, myself and Dinos work together for over 16 years. We’ve had our differences and our agreements and disagreements, but by and large, I think over time we find ourselves a lot more agreeing on things and not. I think we’re both – and three of us come from the very rational – very economically rational way to analysis businesses and make decisions. And I think that’s something that is sometimes missed or that you should appreciate that. And I think Dinos would echo this, the strategic visions or the strategic play that we have did and we did over the 16 years were not – Dinos was certainly the proponent and the one publically advocating and talking about them. But all these things were really done and claim to as we talk together jumble our results were very instrumental on this as well. So I think that we all grew together in that environment and had more success then failures, I mean, we don’t do everything right. But I think the overall – I think we grew to agree more together not because I came to his view or he came to my view is because if you look for the truth and look for the right rational thing to do, we sort of come up to the same or very often the very similar conclusion. That’s what I have noticed over the last 16 years.
Marc Grandisson: Actually we – the reason ones are getting below 10%, but we were about 12.5% over the last two, three quarters. So we’ve crossed it, but it’s a one quarter, Geoff. So who knows if it’s holds up there.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. For cat – yes, I make point on the cat for the – lower than 5% of what we expect right now. It’s still early to tell that…
Marc Grandisson: The regular stuff. Yes. We’re slightly below 10%. For the recent, last few quarters of delinquencies that’s what we expect ultimately.
Marc Grandisson: We’re unable to tell you this, but we can tell you this, Geoff. We’ll have to get there. When you finalize – it’s going to be $5 million this year. We’re going to have the final thing. This will be more like a second quarter call discussion.
Marc Grandisson: The only chapter we haven’t seen I think the last is Maria loss in Puerto Rico. That’s the only one I would say we throw back that you, Ian, and saying it’s still not too early, but we still have to see how that one develops. I think Harvey and Irma are pretty much pin down right now.
Marc Grandisson: Well, the only think I would tell you Ian is, I live in Florida, I mean Marco Island and the eye hit right over my house et cetera. My house had very little damage maybe $20,000 because is build with a new standard. So it’s a Cat 5 type of a home. And for that reason, the damage I had it was by new. But I can tell you when I drive around Marco Island, most of the roof damage has not been repaired yet. There are still tarps and believe me, there is price escalation. I have a neighbor that he lost 30 tiles in his roof and the cheapest price it got to repaired it was $4000 that’s over $100 a tile, I mean he says, I’m not getting water in the house, so I’m going to repair it, because I’m going to wait for prices to come down, but there is – there’s still – there might be a little creep that we haven’t seen yet.
