Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, you have multiple part question, but it's -- I'll try to frame it in broad terms, and then maybe Mark can get more specific to it. But first and foremost, the CMG has no change in the marketplace. CMG has been operating since 1994, so in essence, us acquiring that entity will transfer that $100 million-or-so of volume over to us. While PMI has stopped underwriting as of '11, and therefore, all that production will be new to us. Now to size the market, there is only 7, 8 competitors in the market and the FHA, the FHA, who roughly has about half the market today, is continuing to depopulate that as more and more private capital is assuming the risks. So we believe there is quite a bit of room in us expanding in that area. And the third point I will make, also both Fannie and Freddie through the stacker and Connecticut Avenue Security transactions, they are putting more of the credit risk to the private markets, especially for mortgages that fall below the -- have a higher than 20% down payment that did not require by law to purchase direct mortgage insurance. But in protecting their books, Fannie and Freddie purchased that on a book basis. So I don't know how best to describe the market to you, but we believe is a good opportunity and a strongly capitalized company like Arch Mortgage will be a welcome addition to the marketplace with enough room for us to grow.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, our prospect of ROE have not changed. We still believe that is high mid-teen ROE type of business. On -- value of risk of capital is about 18 to 1. Probably, over time, that will get further down, depending what the regulators will do to probably 15 to 1. But for the time being, it's 18 to 1. And we do like that business. Of course, it will take some time for us to get to steady-state, probably 3 years, as Mark said. And then the real accretion to our ROE will start happening at that point in time.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No, mid-2014 is kind of the first year. Because the sales force is just about now, we won't be writing a lot on the old PMI platform until probably third quarter of this year. It takes time to get the bulk policies in place and then you start receiving the flow from the originators. In the small banks and regional business, a little faster. On the national mortgage originators, a little longer because they have to go through the vendor management routines and it takes a bit of time. We tried to accelerate that in anticipation of the close and we had people working on it in the fourth quarter, and of course, in this first quarter. But our success is mostly now with the smaller and regional banks because the process is a little easier and we gravitating to the large originators.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Jay, it will depend what happens going forward. Don't forget, if everything remains steady, let's say, we just -- we barely -- if we say, the rate increases we achieve in the future, they're only good enough to cover loss core strength, then your ROE will -- unless you allow your capital to build up excessively, it will be -- it will remain constant in that range, right? So we haven't seen that change. As a matter of fact, even though rates have -- rate increases have moderated a bit, it's still above loss cost trend, not by as much as 150 or 170 basis points we saw maybe 2 quarters ago, but 80 basis points as we saw in the fourth quarter. So it will depend on that. But right now, we're very confident about the business we write it will generate that kind of return on equity.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, the earned premium comes later on than the written premium. So the '14 is baked, if you have a change, it will affect '15 and beyond. But I can't predict the future if it's going to have a change. The math is pretty easy, depends how many, if you're gaining margin expansion or you're losing it. Our ability, which is your second question, to navigate through these markets, all you got to do is look our history. Even in today's market that predominantly we like on the Insurance Group, we have -- in our European operations, we have reduced significant volumes in the professional indemnity space because we just don't like the -- what's happening in that particular -- too much competition, too many players and we're not getting rate increases above trend. So in essence, that will deteriorate and we don't like to be playing in spaces that economics get worse.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, our current thinking hasn't changed. We will maintain a bit of excess capital as cushioned, that's always been our philosophy. And we continue to look for opportunities to deploy capital in our business. But absent of good opportunities, we probably will go back to share buybacks if we are accumulating excess capital at a faster pace than we need to have.
Constantine P. Iordanou: You have a nicer voice than Michael, you tell him that. But what we have announced in January is we have agreed in principle to act as the reinsurance manager, reinsurance underwriter for Watford Re, which is going to be a new multi-line Bermuda reinsurer fully rated. And Highbridge Principal Strategies will act as the investment manager of the Watford Re. The venture is not yet finalized so we're limited as to what we can say about it. But they're in the middle of capital raising so we can't comment on that. On the conceptual thing, think of this as a kind of a semi-virtual company, it will have its own management, a CEO, a CFO, a Chief Risk Officer, underwriters to do underwriting, reviews per se on our activities. And then the bulk of the underwriting activity, it will be done by the Arch employees and the Arch underwriting system, and the investment operations will be done by Highbridge Principal Strategies. And both of us, Highbridge and Arch is bound contractually for a long time to provide those kind of services. So that's the principal concept of the facility.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we haven't -- CMG is capitalized. We just bought the entity. Our financial strength will, as a matter of fact, they're under review by the rating agencies to -- they were on a -- they're a triple minus with positive outlook, BBB- with a positive outlook based on waiting for the closing of the transaction. So we expect a significant bounce on the credit rating of that facility, but we're going to be adding capital to it to maintain adequate capital ratios. And depending on their production, we will continue maintaining adequate capital. Mark, you want to...
Constantine P. Iordanou: And you've got to understand, Michael, that based in our agreements with Fannie and Freddie, at the beginning, we'll probably a bit over capitalized because we have contributed in our MI operations approximately $350 million to $400 million. That doesn't limit what we do in the U.S. Also, this is part of the things that we do overseas. You're going to get a lot more clarity on this on the first quarter when we're going to start reporting the segments individually, and then you can build your models after that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, right now, I think the risk of capital ratio is closer to 10:1. So it's not going to -- this is what it looks like now to us, and that will start going up as we produce more business. But it will take probably a couple of years, maybe 3 years, before we get to the point that we have enough production and then we need to add additional capital in order to support the profit capital ratio.
Constantine P. Iordanou: I can't talk about others because I don't know what they're going to do. First of all, if you have a structure like Arch, which you have businesses on both segments, you have the opportunity to do it. If you're a pure reinsurer, of course, you don't have the opportunity to do that because if you lack in insurance operations, you've got to stick with what you have. Having said that, it's the willingness of managements to decide as to where they're going to allocate capital and what segments. Even in the insurance segment, we don't have a lot of liking on the large accounts business where rates are today, especially if they're written on a guaranteed cost basis. If you eliminate law-sensitive type of transactions, it's less underwriting risk and more service-oriented type of business. Predominantly, we're focusing on very tiny binding authority business and small accounts across the board, not only in our program business or a binding authority business, but also in what we do throughout the world. And that is also a focus of our reinsurance operations as reinsurers of underlying businesses, they still look for the small, medium-sized type of accounts to reinsure.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's definitely clear that when things are getting more challenging, especially in the reinsurance business, talent will make a difference and discipline will make a difference. And I think our track record speaks for itself. We have terrific underwriting teams in our reinsurance group, and I think they are as disciplined as they come. I don't -- I do have a management tool that I got from my father, it's a Louisville Slugger, it's in there. But I only keep it in the corner of my office because I never have to use it. These guys are more disciplined than I am.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I mean, it depends what these facilities that have the collateralized paper will do, are they going to ante up additional capital so they can participate or -- I don't know the answer to it. You can have different scenarios as to what's going to happen. For example, if I'm the buyer of -- on a retro plan of collateralized capital and I have a major event, I'm not releasing that collateral until I know exactly that I get paid for my losses. So in essence, if they want to reload and participate, is up to them. But I don't know what their reaction is going to be at that point in time.
Constantine P. Iordanou: We buy both, we buy both and is -- we model things out and we believe we can have a good purchase. We don't really care if it's traditional or fully collateralized.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we do, but don't forget, it was attractive terms, especially on a net basis. So we said all along that we kept a very conservative balance sheet to give us those kind of opportunities. We felt we can raise at attractive churns and in the right jurisdiction, so we chose that path. And maybe we have a bit of excess capital beyond what we had before, but we also have the opportunity to deploy it in other business and there is a few things that we are working on. And if that doesn't materialize, we can always return it to shareholders.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Not enough to even get us close to 20%. We just said, we have put in about $400 million, we're about 10:1 right now. We have a lot of room to get to 18:1. If we're very successful, probably you're looking out 3 years out before we need. And don't forget, I can't even predict what my balance sheet is going to look 3 years out, but I can tell you, it will have a lot more than $560 billion of common equity. So the 20% will take quite a bit of time. We didn't say we want to be 20% tomorrow, we said, we'll work on the opportunities the market gives us and we're going to try to build it. But from a risk management point of view, we didn't want to deploy more than 20%. And of course, there are other ways to deploy capital as you've seen with our activity at Watford.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the cat business for us is, I would say, on an expected basis, the low cat might give you another $100 million, $150 million of excess profit. And on a bad cat year, you take it off, right? Because you cannot assume 0 cats and then our cat load is like $250 million a year. So basically, yes, that will have a fluctuation. If you do the math, right? So is a few points of ROE that it can swing, kind of 2 to 3 up or 2 to 3 down depending on heavy or no cat activity. And that's what you saw. The other event that happened this year is that the fixed income market didn't really help very much, with the ROE on a net income basis and/or the growth in book value. So you can do your own math, but when we look at the business we underwrite, we allocate 2 notches above our rating, cap it off through the S&P bond model, and we run everything through to see. I'm not saying everything we underwrite today produces that kind of ROE. We've got business there in the mid-single digit, but we're still in it because we like the future of that business and we have business that have 15% ROE. In the aggregate, when you put that on in the hamper, we come with that range. That's why I gave you a range, I don't give you a bullet point because I'm not that smart to know exactly which segments we're going to be successful to grow versus the other, and mix will make a difference. But 11% to 13%, we're very comfortable with.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it's the -- don't forget, we're doing it on both, on insurance side and on the reinsurance side, but you've got to go by geographies. We're not making a big bet in Europe and other parts of the world because we don't see the uplift on the rate. The bet we're making in the U.S. is we view that as a unique situation. A good underwriting team with a very good track record and having a significant amount of business in the primary D&O space, which have experienced more stickiness and also that better rate improvement than anything we've seen in that D&O world in the last 3 to 4 years. So we're backing, I think, a good team. We like the management from the top down all the way through. And at the end of the day, we were willing to do that. Having said that, it doesn't mean our insurance operations in the D&O space in the U.S., they're not trying actively where they see opportunities to grow. Where we don't see opportunities, also, we don't have any misguided misconceptions, we will cut that back.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we don't comment on future activity because -- but in general terms, we've seen, as we reported on the Ethniki transaction, opportunities sometimes do special deals in reinsurance because people they're looking for capital relief. And sometimes you've got to have the excess capital available and ready to deploy it immediately. If we see those type of opportunities drying up, then we've got to rethink about what do you do with excess capital. But right now, I'm still in a wait-and-see pattern looking at all these opportunities that we're discussing.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I don't believe so. I mean, the opportunities might have went away anyway. I mean, a lot of the reinsurance transactions, they were out of necessity because some of the direct mortgage insurers, they were in need of capital. And we recognize that from the first day we did the first transaction, and that was the reason that we will always have an interest. Our interest to enter the primary mortgage insurance business didn't happen yesterday. We had that interest going back 4 years ago. We just have to find the right opportunity with the right facility, et cetera. As you know, technology plays a big role in that. You've got to have robust systems to be in that space, you've got to have good relationships with organizations like yours, which we expect to do a lot of business with. You're the largest originator. And you've got to have the interfaces and all that. So when we found that opportunity, we entered the market. Having said that, we always knew that our reinsurance opportunities, especially from the primary mortgage, it will purely depend on their capital needs. And now the capital markets have opened to some of the potential clients, some existing clients and potential clients. So I don't know what their needs are going to be in the future, but our intent is to be both in as a reinsurer and also primary in the U.S. and also overseas.
Constantine P. Iordanou: They'd probably go -- the margin will go down slightly though, because it will be negligible. This is taking out the MI out of...
Constantine P. Iordanou: Okay. Let me start with the fresher one, the last question. Now, it had nothing to do with Watford because Watford, even though the probability is very high, at the time we made that transaction we were making it for us. We want to maintain that. Now in the future, if we chose to put some in Watford or not, it will be up to us. Having said that, in your question about what business Watford will take, yes, they will take sometimes business that we ship out today to our other participants and they will participate with that. Sometimes, we're going to be side-by-side and sometimes there might be deals that they will do on their own. At the end of the day, the underwriting standards of Watford Re will be the same underwriting standards as we have at Arch. I'm not reprogramming the brains of our underwriters. What might be slightly different, than in my -- cause some business will go to Watford, it will depend on duration of liabilities and what kind of expected return we expect from the Highbridge principal strategy, it's the hedge fund who is going to be managing the assets. So yes, there might be situations that some accounts might not make the cut for Arch, but it will make the cut and produce the north of 15% ROE for Watford and then, we'll do those too. But I want to emphasize that our underwriting teams, when they're working on Arch accounts or Watford accounts, they're going to use the same basic tools and the same principles that we have established over the last 12 years.
Constantine P. Iordanou: On your reserve question, we've be reserving conservatively all of our lives, we're not planning to change that. Usually, performance comes, as I say, the current accident year, it's a self-grading exam. Maybe 4, 5 years out it becomes an exam, but the professor will grade, and that philosophy hasn't changed with us. So I don't believe that our reserve philosophy will change. So in essence, based on historical averages, I would think the same kind of performance is going to emerge.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, thank you, all, and we're looking forward to talking to you in the next quarter, which is going to be probably a little more exciting. The first time we're going to report the MI as a separate section of our 3 businesses. And I'm sure you're going to have a ton of questions. With that, have a wonderful day. Thank you.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, not too much. I mean, as you know, we just split this thing by channel, how we look at it, the credit union space, we would have, now that the acquisitions is closed, a 45% market share perhaps that could go a little North. We'd like to protect that, perhaps, marginally increase it over to short term. And over the longer term, on the lender bank channel, we certainly hope to get to a double-digit market share 3 years down the line or so.
Mark D. Lyons: That's right, that's 3% of the total. Well, I was quoting of the channel itself, 45% of the credit union channel.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, before you go there, your question along as some of Dinos' answer. Remember, we're quoting you this margin expansion numbers on a written basis, so a lot of it is baked into 2014 already, because of what was done in the 4 quarters of 2013. So even if you have the assumption of 2014 being a 0 margin expansion, you can pretty much figure out the -- borrowing unusual cat, things of that nature. You could arithmetically write pretty much get to a strong insurance result.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. To the extent that if your real question, Michael, is emanating from consideration at closing, which is a little different than ongoing capital base.
Mark D. Lyons: I understand that, the underlying premise in your question, but we don't know to what extent we're going to be penetrating that lender market. As Dinos said, that's not going to get any traction until the mid year and then get the monthly streams behind it. But it's clear that we're going to be -- whatever the capital standards are that come out. As Dinos said, it's approximately 18:1 now and gets stiffened over time, that's what we're going to need to do. But that will be a function of the actual rate on which we put on these exposures, so...
Mark D. Lyons: And one way to think about that, in rough terms, in round numbers, because -- now that it's closed, CMG has roughly $5 billion of risk in force. So if you use the 18:1 that Dinos just talked about, that translates to about $280 million -- $275 million of implied capital needs. That's arithmetically as opposed to GSE requirements. But that assumes that 100% of it is kept onshore as well, which likely is not the case. Anyway, I'm just giving you--
Mark D. Lyons: And let me just add, Michael, that the -- don't view this as a panacea of moving capital from reinsurance to insurance. We just got done quoting that the full accident year was about 83 combined for the reinsurance group. And they worked hard to be well diversified, so although there's focus on cat, cat's not -- clearly, not the only game in town, so that's a 17% return on revenue right there, so it's not -- the sky isn't falling.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, that's -- it's a good a question, and you kind of answered it yourself. This is not a write-off, this is a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset. So depending upon, let's say, revaluations periodically and performance is good in 2014, you start to see the unwinding of that.
Mark D. Lyons: So to amplify that, Vinay, Dinos saying it's attractively priced, it's tax deductible. We tended to want to raise it in the jurisdictions where it's going to be deployed. And as general statement, we don't really like to track capital if we can get away with it.
Mark D. Lyons: And just to augment that a bit. Your question necessitates a scenario or 2, and how will the capital markets continue to view our mortgage churn space. As to the GSE capital requirement, let's hypothesize. Let's say they go from 18:1, and then you go to 16, then you go to 15. This could be increasingly difficult for some of the legacy players to come into compliance. To the extent that the capital markets get a little more cold shoulder towards it, reinsurance as a capital source becomes very attractive.
Mark D. Lyons: Most of it is non-cat. So there is, I'm estimating, but I believe it was closer -- it was North of 50% on non-cat.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, I think it's funny because we look at that ourselves. And if I do it in combined ratio perspective, it's probably the best way to do it. The calendar quarter for the reinsurance division would have been about 90 bps higher, which is marginal, and 40 bps higher in the full calendar year with the mortgage insurance removed.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, some of it is. Remember, these comments Dinos make on the range are underwriting years, not accident years. In an improving market, accident year '13 will be worse than underwriting year '13. And underwriting year '14 will improve even more. So accident year is the starting point but you have to translate probably a material movement to convert that to an underwriting year and improve it.
