Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it's a good question. Let me give you the flavor and the decision-making process that we go through. Our excess capital was building rapidly and at the same time because of the environment we have in the property cat area with additional capital coming in et cetera, it caused us to reduce our exposure into that sector. Usually, we don't buy shares back in the third quarter because of the potential storm activity but with $450 million PML in Florida, that risk was a lot more manageable for us. So it cleared the way for us to look at our excess capital and also look at the prospects of us deploying the capital in the business. We are not as optimistic in finding transactions for us that are reasonable for our shareholders. We had a few that we attempted and we were in the mix. None of them materialized being conservative in our approach of acquiring business. And if I'm not able to deploy the capital into the business, then the next option is to returning to shareholders, and that's the thought process we went through, and we decided to initiate the buybacks even in the third quarter, which is not a normal activity for us for the reasons that I just mentioned. Plus we felt the price that we were buying the shares, it was pretty attractive in reinvesting in our business.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No. You're doing comparisons without making adjustments for the E. There is periods of time that our shareholders equity is in the right place, so in essence, we don't have much excess capital and there is periods of time for different reasons that the equity we have is about or what we need to run the business. Of course, when you have that, it affects your -- the ROE because the R is the same and the E is a larger number. It is going to give you a smaller percentage on that. It's management's responsibility, and I'll take that one as my responsibility, as the CEO to make sure that we have a good balance between capital needed, the protection we need to have excess capital for various reasons that we explained in many of our prior calls and take the excess, excess capital and return it. And that was the activity you saw in the third quarter potentially continuing in the fourth quarter et cetera. So when you look at ROE, you also got to look at the capital at the same time, and then you can make those comparisons about the quality of the business that we generate. We're happy with the quality of the business that we generate. Unfortunately, in a competitive market environment, especially in the reinsurance side, we don't think we're going to have as much of it as we would like.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's on allocated capital, and we allocate capital to the business units at 2 notches above our financial rating. Our financial rating is A+, and we go to AA in the models to allocate the capital to the units.
Constantine P. Iordanou: The flow bank channel is still at its infancy. It was about, I would say, 10%, 15% of the total. The other 85%, it was single premium prepaid MI.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Okay. At 9.1 we're probably the most conservative from a capital point of view from any one of our competitors in that space, and I don't anticipate sending more capital to MI until it's needed. We're not going to get through the steady-state with PMIers for quite a bit of time. Mark, do you want to elaborate on that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, and yes. But I'll give it to Mark who'll give you more details. Yes. We did book that at a higher loss ratio and the mix is changing, but the mix change is actually goes a little bit of against us because we're not having as much cat business, which usually the expected loss ratio, it's in the 40s. You have less of that, so there is a mix change. But Mark, do you want to add more color to it.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And what -- I mean, it's -- you can never tell, but these things happen. I mean you get unusual losses occasionally. We don't view these recurring but what I don't know in this world if you -- you could. If they continue to recall, we're going to reevaluate our underwriting posture.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And of course, the duration of liabilities and investment income associate is part of the mix when we make a total return determination. And you're not going to view high excess workers' comp with very, very long duration the same way you're going to do E&S property who has no durations.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's all in the mix, Jay. I mean, we -- I think we can chew gum and walk at the same time. So -- we don't make a decision and that decision is permanent without looking at the environment. We look at our share price, we look at prospects, work when it got deployed, capital, we look at the business opportunities, et cetera. We look at our excess capital and how big that amount is, and then we make judgments. And beyond that, we make also judgment in not only how much we need to return to our shareholders but in what form we want to return it. So it's not only share buybacks. If our share price gets to where it's appropriately priced in the marketplace, we might then do a dividend. So we take all that into consideration
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, and no. It depends on the price at the end of the day. Single premium usually is not as attractive to us because it's competitively bid et cetera. On the other hand, depending where the mortgage cycle is and interest rates, if you get a reduction in mortgage rates and you have a significant amount of refinancing going, then that's an attractive product because [Audio Gap]
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we don't really know, because I can't predict the future. There has been a lot of interest on the facility and the facility competes in the marketplace. And at the end of the day, we've been pleasantly surprised about its acceptance, so far. If it continues, if -- it continues, we can get to a steady state within 2 years instead of 3.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I think it's a question you got to ask them, et cetera, but I'll give you my flavor. I think on a company with $1.2 billion of unencumbered capital, you can go into the $500 million, $600 million worth of premium written 0.5 to 1, and be extremely safe and pretty conservative with that. And that's what I would call steady state, and it might take a couple of years to get there.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Okay. All right. If you figure it out, if you see gross versus net and then the 15%, all that we do is reverse engineering and you figure it out.
Constantine P. Iordanou: I believe what the article said it was that on an underwriting year basis, there is $400 million. So that doesn't mean by the end of the year, another quarter so. But it points to you that it's going to be approximately $100 million a quarter for 4 quarters.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. It's an originator. It's an originator. We will take maybe 1 or 2 weeks of production and put it out, and it says give me a price for you to write the mortgage insurance on this block. Here is all the underlying loans that we have, and we're going to prepay it up front, single premium instead of month. And a lot of this sometimes is paid by the bulk because they include it into their -- into the price of the mortgage and sometimes it is paid by the lender.
Constantine P. Iordanou: We don't think it as such. The way we think about the mortgage business is that you have flow business, you have this single premium business, you have other transactions we're doing in the reinsurance, the stacker and transactions, et cetera. So we don't -- we're not trying to -- when we look at the entire marketplace and if we like a transaction, we go after it. And we don't have a preconceived notion. We have to have 3 of these and 2 of that and 5 of these. That's not the way we operate. You know us better than that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: That's correct. The rest of it is monthly and is earned. It's written and earned all in the same month.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No, I don't know if it's different. So you have your personnel, your underwriters, you got a fixed base of expenses. So at the end of the day, it is what it is. If you write it and you book it up front, you still have to service it over 6, 7 years. So I haven't thought of it as, is expense ratio difference between a flow business versus that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, Francis. Thanks everybody for bearing with us and we looking forward to talking to you [Audio Gap]
Mark D. Lyons: And I would just add to that Kai. Following up on Dinos' very last point, from a valuation and attractiveness standpoint, we bought these back at $125% of book value. So -- and you heard Dinos earlier in his comments talk about our forward look of our underwriting years, accounting years but underwriting years being 10% to 12%, so the arithmetic works.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. It's -- the wildcard is the PMIers and that market place is dynamic too -- similar to the PNC side. It depends what the demand turns out to be, and we'll do it at that time but it could be that we need to put some additional capital over the next few years, but we have to see what materializes here.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, other to reiterate, I think you've heard us talk about mix every quarter and how mix can affect things, and I think this is a great quarter of how mix has done that, not just by line of businesses but by the operations within the reinsurance group. We always talk about the treaty side and the property cat side but we have a very profitable property facultative side, that really had outstanding results this quarter and helped with that loss ratio.
Mark D. Lyons: It's coming down to mix. I hate to do the forecast that you're asking for. So it'll depend on what materializes, and the reason I say that is because the property facultative book is not cat-dependent. They don't lead with cat. They pick it up in some more risks, but they're really looking for attritional underwriting, so -- which they're very good at. So their results are not going to be impacted by what you're reading in headlines on cat business.
Mark D. Lyons: And today, it was 1.6 at the corresponding quarter last time was similarly valued attritional loss sizes. So the difference between the 2 is 170 basis points of net earned premium that I referred to in my comments.
Mark D. Lyons: That's in a -- taken from 10,000 feet up. I mean, this is a clear example to me of a large attritional loss.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. Smoothing, if you will, because this is a cat cover at the end of the day, and you're going to go 10 years of 5% and 6% loss ratios and there's going to be a 500% loss ratio moment that is going to return back to 5% or 6% loss ratio point. So take it from that perspective, you don't really view that as a recurring item.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, there is some business mix, but we don't evaluate our businesses on loss ratio alone and then look independently at expense ratio, and then look independently at the duration aspect and the investment income side. It's all in totality. That's what return is. So you can't really look at a loss ratio without looking at the outstanding improvement that they've gotten on ceding commissions, which finds its way through the net acquisition ratio, and by the way, it earns its way in. So that's on a forward sense, because that's already baked and written, those ceding commission improvements are going to continue to be baked in firstly, and secondly, not every treaty renews at the same time. Those treaties are renewed at periodic points throughout the year, so additional gains are possible.
Mark D. Lyons: That's the point I was really making. You can't see it but the direct commissions paid up front really didn't change appreciably at all, so that whole balance is mostly, I can't say exclusively, mostly driven by the increase in the ceding commissions.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, Jay. For clarification, yes, that will be the case. To the extent that they are single bullet, they will be earned over the ratable life. Think of it that way. And to the extent that they are monthly, they'll come in and as written and earned really...
Mark D. Lyons: Actually Ryan, we really -- there hadn't been a question on that, so you didn't miss anything. The $8.2 million that we reflected in our comments and in the earnings release is a portfolio transfer that was effective January 2013 on basically, losses from 2000 to 2012. It was reevaluated subsequent to that, and it was a reduction in the ultimate losses, and the accounting requires that you go back and retrospectively look at it as if it has always had that view. So you should think of the $8.2 million since it was recorded as a reduction in interest expense as an outlier and that piece is not recurrent, unless we decide in the future to have another valuation, which changes the ultimate liability. Assuming that there's no future changes to it, all you're going to see in future income statements is the accretion associated with that liability over its expected payout period.
Mark D. Lyons: It's periodic. It could change, it could be semiannual. It could be -- it depends on what we're observing in the underlying information and the data.
Mark D. Lyons: Sure, sure. It's a good question because it gets a little murky. I mean you can tell by my opening comments that we got to phrase things in a certain way. Here's what I think you're missing, Josh, is that in any company, the common shareholders are going to be basically subsidizing the preferred costs. So there always deducted before, you have net income available to common shareholders. So think of it as -- we're looking at it as what's available to Watford's common shareholders and then you got to make the next step on what's available to Arch's common shareholders. So you're effectively going to have at the 100% level down because of consolidation whats their net income, round one. Round two, then is the further deduction for the preferreds. Okay. And then you're at the point where you're taking the controlling interest into new account, which is roughly 11% and 89%. So we need to take out 89% so that we're left with the 11%. But since you already subtracted the preferreds to begin with, you're implicitly doing at 11%, 89% on these preferreds when you make that adjustment. I know this sounds a little confusing but suffice it to say, those adjustments, the $10.3 million that's there is the combination of the preferred costs and the net income split back 11%, 89%.
Mark D. Lyons: Arithmetically, forget conceptual for a minute. Arithmetically, the $6.6 million, which was the net income at the 100% level in combination with the $4.9 million on the preferred that lump together. If you take 89% of that, comes to the $10.3 million, which is a sign reversal because we're undoing it. So you're left with $1.2 million of net income available to Arch after taking out noncontrolling interest.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. That real differential is the difference between 2.5 and 2.8 on net income versus pretax operating. So maybe we can have a cycle, I guess, but I'm kind of -- I don't know what you did.
Mark D. Lyons: We really never talk about that explicitly. What I can tell you is that it continues to build momentum, and we're happy with where it is. And this vehicle is really set up to be third-party reinsurance. So over time, this is going to continue to be growing towards being Watford dominant.
Mark D. Lyons: Okay. All right. I guess -- by the way, your math is going to be predicated on fundamental assumptions that may not be true in the future, but I'll wait till the future quarter for that.
Mark D. Lyons: Actually no. I mean, it's not that it's lesser volatile, as Dinos pointed out before. It -- as a general rule, it comes with a lower loss ratio and a higher acquisition cost.
Ryan J. Byrnes: The call has been kind of breaking up a bunch, so I'm not quite sure what we were just talking about. I was wondering if we could get, it also broke up earlier when we were talking about interest expense, the pressure from the loss portfolio transfer from January 2013. I just wanted to see how we should think about that going forward. I think you may have answered it but the call broke up.
Ryan J. Byrnes: Okay, great. And then I apologize if this has been discussed as well, but the growth at Watford was very strong in the quarter, probably better than that most of us were anticipating. Just wanted to get your thoughts there on how close were you guys getting to a run rate there.
Ryan J. Byrnes: And again just remind us, what kind of underwriting leverage that vehicle can get, obviously, thinking that it gets a little more aggressive on the investment portfolio side.
Joshua D. Shanker: Don has already cascaded me a little bit but I don't know my accounting very well. I wonder if you can help me understand how the Watford noncontrolling dividends and that contributions work at the bottom of the P&L.
Joshua D. Shanker: Okay. Or is net of the $10.3 million, or is net of? So like maybe was there a Arch's share of Watford. . .
Joshua D. Shanker: The other thing that I've done wrong apparently is I've also miscalculate the operating tax rate. It seems to me that you add about $158 million of pretax operating income before dividends, and after I make those adjustments for the preferred dividend, the dividends to Watford and Arch's stake in Watford, I'm still at about $158 million but operating income was $142 million after tax, which seems like you had a big tax bill on the operating side of the P&L, but maybe I'm wrong about that.
Ian Gutterman: I guess my first one, Mark, do you have the spread of how much of the Watford premium, gross premium in the quarter was essentially Arch source business you did to them versus third-party business from...
Ian Gutterman: Okay, great. Any thoughts on the satellite, the NASA loss the other day? Is that a industry event, or is that not have much...
Ian Gutterman: Okay, okay. Just checking, and then just my last clarification on that topic. Mark, I think when there is a question about how this flow through the accounting. I understand the earned part honestly but on the written, it sounded like you said this still flows over 12 months. I guess, what I thought it was -- I think was single premium written. The written would've all hit this quarter to be earned over 12 months.
