Christopher Doll: Thank you, Denise. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today we will be discussing our financial results for the second quarter of 2020. Please review the cautionary statements on our materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain reconciliations to non-GAAP measures, along with information pertaining to the use of non-GAAP measures as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. We undertake no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. This morning, I'm joined by our President and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Risk Officer, Jimmy Leonard and Chief Credit Officer, Richard Stein. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call for questions. Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.
Christopher Doll: Thanks Tayfun. Before we start Q&A as a courtesy others, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue if you have time for additional questions. During the question-and-answer period, please provide your name and that of your Company to the operator. Denise, please open the call for questions.
Christopher Doll: Thank you, Denise, and thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact the IR department, and we'll be happy to assist you.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think the - we believe we've stayed very close to our clients during the past five, six months as we entered this period and our sales force has been in close contact, and our relationships are very strong across the board in both corporate banking as well as middle market banking. And they are clearly showing a preference to bank with us and to increase the size of their relationships. I mean, this is purely a function of their willingness to work with us because we are not offering any significant rates to them that they can't get with rival banks. So we've lowered our deposit rates well below where we were in the first quarter. But I think the strength of our relationships and our sales force coverage is enabling us to maintain this level of liquidity. And we - I mean, our liquidity levels are significantly higher. The 19% deposit growth, I think, exceeds all of our peers and the increase in our liquidity position is significantly higher than others. Look I mean I think it doesn't impact the NII. We reflect the liquidity profile of the balance sheet. And it also gives us many opportunities in coming quarters to continue to deepen our relationships with our clients. That's our perspective.
Tayfun Tuzun: Scott, I don't want to give fourth quarter guidance at this point. But I think what you should rely on is not just for Q4 but also beyond Q4, we believe that 3% level, the 3% NIM, once we are past the PPP and once we are past the impact of the higher cash balances, it's probably a good sort of target for us.
Tayfun Tuzun: Erika, everything that we look at today as well as sort of the outlook that we have in place gives us a lot of confidence that we will have plenty of room.
Tayfun Tuzun: So North Star was a combination of revenue actions as well as expense actions. So we are talking here a focus on expenses only. And with respect to charges, it is way too early. And not necessarily all expense actions would accompany a charge associated with it. So I would not necessarily be too worried about that. I'm not saying that there's not a charge associated with any of the expense actions, but size-wise, at this point, I'm not too worried about it.
Tayfun Tuzun: I will answer the question about the conservative stance. Look, I mean, I think we all recognize that there's a lot of uncertainty and very low level of visibility. Under those circumstances, I think it's natural for us to be a bit more conservative. And with respect to the $3.9 billion gain, it gives us a lot of flexibilities. If there is a need or if we view that the future outlook for rates changes in our perspective such that, that gain is better off harvested and deployed for other purposes, there are some accounting realities that don't necessarily allow you to immediately recognize all of that gain. But it clearly provides a very significant pool of, I would say, capital that we can deploy going forward. At this point, given our view, we're very happy with the portfolios as they stand, and we will continue to harvest, and we have a long maturity date so we were benefited, but as you stated, Mike, it's a rich man's problem, and it gives us a good amount of flexibility.
Tayfun Tuzun: Two comments, Saul. So one is, if you actually normalize the NIM progress from the first quarter into the second quarter with cash positions and the PPP across all banks, you're getting to a much tighter distribution. So if you get to how core NIM has behaved, that volatility goes down significantly. From our perspective, we have $28 billion in cash, and we are choosing not to deploy any of that part just to show a higher NII outcome. Others have done that. Everybody has their own risk profile and risk preferences. I think what needs to be really more instrumental as we look forward, it's a long game and our outlook that the normalized NIM, once we pass-through this PPP period and a more normalized level of cash, is 3%. When you think about it, our NIM was 3.24% in the first quarter. So with where the short-term rates are and where the yield curve is, a 24 basis point movement between the first quarter NIM and our sort of longer-term outlook on NIM is a pretty good performance. And ultimately, again, this is just - we're talking about a few quarters here where things are going to look a little bit choppy, but NIM is just an outcome. And we have a strong preference in not going after NII boosts in the short-term that would put us into a riskier position in the long term.
Tayfun Tuzun: So setting aside the impact of loan balances on reserves. Clearly, if the loan balances decline, there's going to be impact of that. Setting that aside for a moment, what we have so far observed is coming out of the first quarter into May and to June and now into July, there is more stability in the economic scenarios that are being provided by Moody's as well as just overall market expectations. My expectation is that banks will continue to watch that progress over the next quarter or two. Because in order to be able to release reserves, you need to develop a confidence that - on the sustainability of the economic outlook. And if that - if the level of sustainability is truly dependable and if the economic indicators should give us the confidence, the answer to your question is, yes. At one point, we will start releasing reserves. But I do believe that we are a few quarters early on that, assuming that there is stability. We do need time in order to develop that level of confidence.
Tayfun Tuzun: One needs to take into account what happens at the end of period. So you just have to - obviously, it's useful to look at the average loan guidance. But we will - when we get to the end of the third quarter, we will see where the balances are at that point. And if there are zero builds, our reserve position will reflect the end-of-period balances compared to - and the movement will be compared to the end-of-period balances in the second quarter.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. I mean, at this point, given the fact that we are spending a lot of time on analyzing the expense base and looking for opportunities for efficiencies. I'd rather not get into the longer-term outlook for expenses, but it is clear that our intent is to lower our expense base from where it is today, so I will make that statement. And as Greg said, we continue to invest in areas where we believe we need to invest in to continue to grow our Company. But our intent is to do it in a way with the utmost efficiency at the rest of the Company. So the focus of this study is going to be lowering the expense base that we are running today and taking it from there.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, I think, Gerard, clearly, the inability to use the cash in the short-term is one aspect of why these companies - and it's both individuals as well as companies. So we expect that some of the natural rundown is going to be base that they're going to have to spend that cash within their operating capital. The other one is, I think it is very likely that they - some of our clients have consolidated their deposits into a smaller number of banks, and we have been a beneficiary of that. Because as we look at the distribution, the distribution is extremely granular, which suggests that, again, more of a relationship-based direction in deposit flows than anything else.
Gregory Carmichael: Peter, this is Greg. First off, our intent is obviously to look at the opportunities in front of us. And the question was just asked about North Star, a lot of the expense opportunities in front of us are very similar to North Star. If you think about our branch transformation and opportunities to optimize our branch network. Thinking about the opportunities around our vendor management and the money that we spend in those areas and the attractive opportunities that sit there, rightsizing our organization for the sales opportunities. There are a lot of opportunities out there in front of us. So our intent would be to continue to invest in the critical aspects of our business that we've mentioned before, the digitization of our platforms, our Southeast expansion and so forth. We want to continue those investments. But over time, we would expect to run at a lower rate on expenses. And the realities of the revenue opportunities that are out there in the environment, we expect to run at a lower level going forward.
Gregory Carmichael: Amanda, this is Greg. First off, we - our strategy and focus on investing in our technology platforms to better serve our customers through product distribution or servicing capabilities hasn't changed. And I think we've made tremendous progress as evidenced by the fact that 75% of all of our transactions now go through our digital channels, using that technology to serve our clients in a much more efficient way. There's more opportunities in front of us and there's an opportunity to replatform our commercial loan system, which we're going to do that. Origination system, we're going to do that. There's opportunities to continue to make the whole mortgage process a digital experience, and that's rolling out as we speak. So we'll continue to invest in those opportunities. In addition to that, there's tremendous opportunities, I believe. When you think about our back office to apply technologies, robotics, artificial intelligence in that environment in a more aggressive way to take out long-term costs, so when we think about our expense base and how we're looking forward here, we'll replace our technology dollars to drive the best outcome for our shareholders and serve our customers. It's going to be the area of automation of our back office, it's going to be continued automation of our origination systems, and it's going to be continued automation of our ability to distribute our products. In addition to that, when you think about the environment we're operating in, resiliency is extremely important. You always have to be on. This isn't 10 years ago, five years ago, where you can afford to have your systems offline. You have to always be on for your customers. So investments in our core infrastructure. We don't want to put new technology, new capabilities on old infrastructure. So it's refurbishing our older infrastructure, pulling our new infrastructure, focused on, once again, serving our clients and making us more efficient going forward in operations.
Gregory Carmichael: No, auto, I think, obviously, we expect to see - the team's done a fantastic job. As we've talked before, we're a super prime borrower in that space. We expect to continue to see growth in auto and attractive spreads. In addition to that, we expect our mortgage business also in our mortgage portfolio continue to expand as we go forward here. Card and so forth, we don't expect to see much growth in those areas.
Gregory Carmichael: First off, I wish it was resolved, and I do not have an update. This is a loan cycle process. As we've stated through numerous channels, we're very comfortable in our position here and willing to deal with that as we move forward here. But there is no update. Is there potential to get settled? Sure. There's always a potential it could get settled. But at the end of the day, we want to make sure that Fifth Third is viewed appropriately and the opportunity to characterize our behavior and the actions that we took proactively, I think, is very, very important to us. So no update at this point. But hopefully, we could solve it.
James Leonard: Yes, Peter. It's Jamie. Thanks for the question. On the commercial side, I think you saw on the presentation, if you look at payment deferrals, 6% of the loan balances are in payment deferral and the vast majority, over 80% of the payment deferrals we have were 90 days in duration. But because they started midway through the quarter, not many of them have come off. So, I don't want to give you too much of a false positive. But to date, we've not had any request for the - a second 90-day deferral in the commercial book. I guess, some additional color would be that about 75% of our commercial customers that were on deferral have made payments while in the deferral. And then beyond the payment deferral information that we provided in terms of other types of forbearances, there's about 7% of the commercial book that's received a covenant waiver.
James Leonard: Yes. So Mike, it's Jamie. On the commercial side, I think what you see is what you get, it's pretty straightforward, and there was a slight uptick in the charge offs, but it was offset by the improvement we saw on the consumer side. And so I think the heart of your question is how good is the consumer in this environment, given both the government support plus the support we've given customers that have requested it for the forbearance and payment deferrals. So when you look at our portfolio on the consumer side, Tayfun mentioned a couple of items. If you exclude mortgage because those were six months, and you look at the non-mortgage loans, only 12% have re-enrolled in additional hardship relief. And through last Friday, we've had over half of our original deferrals, they've come off the program. So I think that's one good data point. We initially expected that number to be as high as 30%. So the fact that we're experiencing 12% shows us both the government support plus the overall health of the consumer is perhaps a little bit better than we expected. The other data point I would point you to is for Fifth Third, in particular, Moody's published a study July 7th, and they evaluated the MSAs most-impacted by COVID. They used number of COVID cases, population density, tourism, global connectedness, et cetera. And the national average weighted by GDP was 0.31, and this was on a scale-up to 2.0 where we're playing golf, so lower is better. Our score for our consumer portfolio is 0.12. So we're 60% better than the national average. And so I think there's a lot of hard work going on in our consumer portfolio. We stopped the 90-day offers at the end of June. And really, we're working to move to the top of the customer payment priority and I think ultimately, between the geographic diversification we have, the overall credit quality of the book, you see in the FICO scores plus our revamped hardship programs, I think we're getting a good view that the consumer is doing better. And in fact, so much so that the second half of 2020, we expect our consumer charge-offs to be below the second half of 2019.
James Leonard: Yes, Gerard, it's Jamie. We do use three scenarios weighted with a baseline and then using Moody's one upside scenario, one downside scenario that Tayfun outlined for you. The major economic variables that have the greatest impact on the reserve levels would be unemployment, GDP, HPI are the ones that have the biggest impact on the models. And as Tayfun mentioned, this quarter, the build of $355 million in the ACL, the vast majority of that build was driven by the deterioration in the outlook, and then you have the net impact of loan portfolio decline and migration and ratings almost offsetting each other.
James Leonard: Yes, I would say, in terms of the momentum going forward, the biggest improvement or biggest factor in the second quarter improvement was the paydown of the defensive draws we saw in the first quarter, and that drove a healthy portion of that decline. In terms of the charge-off composition, this quarter, you had a decent amount of the growth driven by energy and leisure and entertainment. As we look ahead to the third quarter, I think you'll see a common theme with entertainment and leisure, perhaps some CRE and then obviously, energy, as it completes its restructure. So I would say it's - a healthy portion of the charge-off expectation is driven by that COVID stress portfolio. But again, we still feel good about our client selection and the fact that, as Richard pointed out, it's a well-managed portfolio. It's just in this environment, there will be losses, but we think they'll be manageable.
James Leonard: Yes, Ken. I think the guidance is based on average loan balances. So they really truly reflect what happened, especially sort of second half of May into June. So the second to third quarter guidance truly reflects that speedy paybacks at the end - towards the end of the second quarter. It's been stable so far. Utilization rate is basically back to where it was pre-pandemic. But again, the decline in average commercial balances is more a function of what happened at the end of the second quarter, more so than the third quarter.
James Leonard: There's not a lot of customer demand for new loans, Ken. The market is very muted at this point, both for economic reasons as well as for what's going on with sort of the healthcare situation that limits interactions. But so far, we're not seeing a whole lot of activity from our clients.
James Leonard: Yes. The provision could go down, clearly. I mean, if loans continue to go down and the charge-offs stay flat, there is a path which would indicate that the provision number on our income statement will be lower, so that could happen.
James Leonard: Yes. So of the loans, the consumer portfolio, this was through last Friday, 53% exited, 12% went into a new relief program. And those programs, I think we've got a pretty good approach there where we offer a short-term program of six months at 50% of your normal payment or we offer with certain eligibility criteria and proof of hardship to longer-term loan modification. And so that's 12% of the group. And of the remaining group, the vast, vast majority, I think the number is 79% or so are making payments and are back on track. And so one of the earlier questions was just how do we feel about the consumer loan portfolio and ultimately, how much support is out there? When we look at our growth rates and our delinquency rates on that core book, it is very good, which is why we're confident in our second half of the year outlook on consumer charge-offs.
