Chris Doll: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Fifth Third's third quarter 2023 earnings call. This morning, our President and CEO, Tim Spence; and CFO, Jamie Leonard, will provide an overview of our third quarter results and outlook. Our Treasurer, Bryan Preston; and Chief Credit Officer, Greg Schroeck, have also joined us for the Q&A portion of the call. Please review the cautionary statements on our materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain information regarding the use of non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the GAAP results as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. These statements speak only as of October 19, 2023, and Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to update them. Following prepared remarks by Tim and Jamie, we will open the call up for questions. With that, let me turn it over to Tim.
Chris Doll: Thanks, Jamie. Before we start Q&A, given the time we have this morning, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. Operator, please open the call up for Q&A. 
Chris Doll: Thanks, Rob, and thanks, everyone else, for your interest in Fifth Third. Please contact the IR department if you have any follow-up questions. Rob, you can now disconnect the line. 
JamesLeonard: Thanks, Scott, for the question. We were certainly bringing the Victory bell on deposits this quarter. Really, when you take a look back, coming out of March Madness, one of the biggest drivers of our deposit success in the second quarter and the third quarter was really transitioning our customer recommendation engine from household growth to deposit growth. And while that sacrificed a little bit on the household growth numbers instead of our typical up 3% or up 4%, we were up 2% on households, but that translated to very strong consumer deposit growth. And so within the deposit growth we did have during the quarter of almost $4.8 billion, about 60% was commercial, 40% was consumer. And within consumer, 70% of that growth was in the Southeast markets, while 30% of that growth was in the Midwest. So again, the retail franchise at Fifth Third is just performing at an extremely high level.  And on the commercial side, the growth was surprisingly high given the corporate banking book growth within the commercial deposit growth. About 80% of the growth was in corporate banking. So at the time, we were targeting, let's get LCR, full LCR north of 100%. We actually came in at 118%. So definitely did better than we initially expected. But when we were dissecting the quarter end results, it really makes sense that the corporate banking book did better. And as one of sort of hidden benefits of the RWA diet is that we are getting better share of wallet within that corporate banking book, and that also helped drive the deposit growth. So overall, a very strong quarter. Again, for us on the deposit side, we expect continued growth in the fourth quarter, albeit at a little bit lower growth rate but still up a bit in the fourth quarter. 
JamesLeonard: If you break it down between real world and regulatory world, that's really how we are looking at this in the real world with really the economic risk. Whenever you have a fixed rate asset, whether that's in AFS, HTM or in the loan portfolio, you have that economic risk to higher rates. We have elected to hold our securities in AFS, and we'll continue to do so, given that it gives us better flexibility and opportunity to reposition as the environment changes. But when you are in the real world managing the balance sheet, how we approach balance sheet management is in totality. And you can look at our strong NII results, our interest-bearing liability results, any of the measures relative to peers, the total balance sheet is performing very well. We're going to grow NII this year, 3% to 5%. Others are shrinking. So our philosophy is paying off in the real world.  The challenge simply comes from the fair value of a single line item and putting that into capital. We're not insensitive to how that looks on the face of the balance sheet and the tangible book value per share. But we still believe it is prudent to have that flexibility because flexibility has value. In terms of the regulatory risk, perhaps one of the details that we continue to evaluate as something we've not really communicated to all of you externally, is that given the burn down that you have in the presentation and the significant, whether it's static rate, forward rate, you're looking at 60%, 65% of the ASC burn down during the transition into the new capital regimes, assuming the rules play out as currently written, and that burn down is going to happen on our portfolio because our portfolio has structured. We have defined maturities unlike those portfolios that are in residential mortgage-backed, instruments with convexity and extension risk, we know our portfolio is going to pay down.  And we know that this is going to be very manageable from a regulatory capital perspective. When we model the capital impact at a fully phased-in level on AOCI, the impact on CET1 is about 125 basis points when you reach the third quarter of 2028 and that's why we continue to accrete CET1 is to be able to have sufficient regulatory capital for that world. And in fact, should rates get north of 8%. We would still be maintaining a CET1 well above regulatory minimums would be over 8% CET1 in that environment.  So we feel good about how we're positioned, how we will roll down the curve and ultimately, the regulatory capital. It's just one of the challenges in this environment with everything in AFS is that you have that mark on the tangible book value per share, that erosion. But at the same time, should rates fall. I think all of you would be very pleased with how much tangible book value accretion, we would report in that environment. 
JamesLeonard: Not really. It was a pretty vanilla quarter for us where we had cash flows in the quarter of about $500 million. We put about $700 million to work of the excess cash in short duration Level 1 treasury floaters. When you look at the AOCI walk that happened in the quarter, the securities portfolio because everything is in AFS, worsened about $1.2 billion and if you look at how the 5-year move increased about 45 basis points, the 10-year moved to about 75% and then spreads widen 5 bps on the CMBS and about 15 bps in mortgage. So when you add it all up with the DV01 of about $25 million, that gets you to the AOCI movement for the quarter on the investment portfolio. And so it was in line at least with our expectations with how rates were moving during the quarter. 
JamesLeonard: And then, Erika, on your other components of the question, CET1 for us finished the quarter at 9.8%. Excluding the investment portfolio, AOCI, that number would be 6.3%. And then the RWA bloat from the pending rules would be about 2% to 3% of RWA, which is about 20 basis points. So we would look to be at a 6.1 level. But as we talked about then, the earnings power of the company is very strong. We continue to defer the buybacks. We'll continue to accrete capital and with the passage of time, given the structure in the investment portfolio. The burn down of that AOCI will be 65% or so by the time we reach the fully phased-in level. So we feel that this is a very manageable timeline for the company. In fact, have a lot of cushion should rates even go higher. 
JamesLeonard: And in terms of how the consumer is doing and what we see in our data, the average consumer balance is still deposit balance is still 15% above pre-COVID levels. But to Tim's point, renters are back to pre-COVID levels and sub-660 FICOs are actually below pre-COVID level. So the averages can be a little bit misleading in terms of what credit outcomes may bring in 2024. But as Tim said, we're certainly well positioned from a credit perspective on our balance sheet.  And from an ACL perspective on the second part of your question, the scenarios we use from Moody's have GDP contracting almost near zero. So the modeling certainly picks up erosion in the forecast. In this quarter, you had a slight erosion both in GDP and unemployment as well as with corporate profits and that was part of the reason or the primary reason why our ACL coverage increased from 208 basis points to 211 basis points. It's just we had the benefits of the loan balance reduction and the unused commitment reductions from RWA optimization efforts that offset that. 
JamesLeonard: The first quarter, the day count is what will drive that NII trough. The NIM whether it's the fourth quarter or the first quarter is going to be driven solely by how much excess cash we have from the strong deposit performance. So we'll see, but it's going to be one of those 2 quarters. 
JamesLeonard: The consumer book, in particular, is where most of the fixed rate repricing benefit resides. If you look at 2024, we'll have about $8 billion of consumer loan payoffs is how we model it. And front book rates are 200 basis points to 300 basis points higher than back book rates. And so if you take that, coupled with, call it, $4 billion in security maturities and cash flows you end up with about $300 million tailwind on an annualized basis. Obviously, that will happen during the course of 2024, so take half of that for the in-year effect. But you're looking at $300 million type of run rate benefit just from one year's repricing. 
JamesLeonard: I think it will be environment dependent, which I'm sure is not the answer we want. But I think you hit on all the right points, Mike, which is the RWA diet makes positive operating leverage difficult in 2024. With that said, we will do everything in our power to deliver as good a results as we can, but I think it will be a challenge in 2024. 
JamesLeonard: All of those facts are correct, and we feel very good about all of the work we've done on the credit portfolio over the last 15 years. In terms of it being economically insensitive, no, but within any industry, there are going to be winners and losers, and that's where it comes down to that client selection that Greg referenced. We just believe we are very well positioned, and we've been very diligent and part of the benefit that we're getting right now is the fact that we were not stretching for loan growth over the past several years and we probably had the lowest loan growth guides over the past several years running. And so back to our priorities of stability and profitability ahead of growth. 
JamesLeonard: John, it's Jamie. The crit office loans were what I referenced that declined 180 basis points. Crits overall, were up just a little bit. 
JamesLeonard: It was mostly the fact that deposit growth outpaced expectations. And in this environment, we want to hold excess cash as opposed to doing anything, adding it to the investment portfolio. We certainly view cash as an asset allocation at these rates, as you referenced. 
JamesLeonard: Yes, I would say that our balance sheet is elevated due to a couple of reasons. One, the unrealized losses, whether you have an AFS or HTM, you do have to fund those losses in your liquidity buffers. And so should those losses come down, that certainly frees up cash to shrink the sheet or over time as our non-HQLA allocation matures, we will reinvest that in shorter duration level 1s and also allow us to maintain an above 100%, while also shrinking the sheet. It's just -- both of those things are going to be measured more years than in quarters in terms of the cash coming down. 
JamesLeonard: We're pretty neutral right now, how that lines up versus last year, probably a little asset sensitive a year ago, whereas today, we're neutral to at least in the disclosure showing liability sensitive. 
JamesLeonard: I would say steady based on what we're seeing now from the delinquency and NPA, all the above and our ongoing portfolio, in the last 12 months, we have rerated 95-plus percent of the portfolio. So based on all of that underwriting or reunderwriting, if you will, I'm expecting steady. 
TimothySpence: And Scott, if I just put a point on the last thing, Jamie you said. I mean, we believe investors want us to do what is best for managing the business and for recognizing the fact that options have value but if you believe that the AOCI mark is weighing on the stock, then the other way to look at it is the burn down is 25% accretion in tangible book value per share in the next two years, just given the current outlook on rates, which is a pretty unique buying opportunity, be the other way to look at it. 
TimothySpence: So there's a lot in there. But that's the right question, Erica. So a few things here. One, I think, we have tried to be consistent in how we confront change or a need for change in how we operate the company. And the underlying principle here is that if you have to make a change, it's better to do it quickly so that you can get it behind you and return at normal mode of operations. So we have been aggressive in building liquidity. Jamie talked about the fact that we were Cat-1 LCR compliant in both August and September this year. And I think equivalently, we have tried to be very proactive about how we manage through the RWA diet.  So we have one additional quarter to go of dieting to hit our RWA target, which was about a 2% reduction, if you just look at what we're expecting in the fourth quarter. And from there, we'll have achieved what we think we need to achieve in order to be able to refocus on growing the balance sheet. Prudently, I should say, growing the loan portfolio prudently sequentially over the course of the next year. We have the benefit of a very high level of profitability right now, right? We obviously don't have all of the peer reports at this point. But if you look at the core profitability measures here, they're excellent. We're generating 30-plus basis points of CET1 a quarter, which is quite helpful as it relates to being able to both build capital and fund loan growth.  And then while demand is tepid, across the sector. We have some idiosyncratic benefits here that probably have been a little bit lost behind the diet in the form of both dividend and provide, which continue to perform very well and generate growth. And the sustained multiyear investment we've made in expanding our middle market coverage in the Southeast markets, the middle-market relationships in terms of the new relationships we've added in the company year-to-date, are 25% ahead of our all-time record pace.  And we still have bankers who are seasoning in in terms of building their portfolios that we have been fortunate to hire over the course of the past few years. So that -- those are the things that really provide the catalyst in an environment where demand in aggregate is a little bit more tepid and then the raw capacity in the form of capital generation to be able to support that statement that we can return to growth next year. 
TimothySpence: That's a great question, Gerard. I think, honestly, it's less uncertainty, right? So to your point. So you have a lot of variables underway here. You have the Fed and rates, as you mentioned, you have an immense amount of government spending right now, which is propping up economic growth in certain sectors of the economy that otherwise wouldn't be there. You have sort of unusual times in the housing market, where we have both high rates and still stable or even in some markets, slightly growing home prices, even the home affordability is at an all-time low.  And it's just, I think, more than anything else, we need to see some of those variables get fixed, right, in terms of what happens. So if the Fed stops raising rates and then introduces a cut, I think that would be helpful. I think that we have to see the last of the stimulus dollars come out of consumer accounts and see what the floor looks like in terms of consumer spending. And then I think we have to have a better sense for what the underlying economic activity looks like in areas where the government spending the $2.3 trillion that are coming out of the various government programs are not driving a lot of the economic activity for people to get a little bit more focused. Because again, what I hear and went out to the opportunity to get feedback from about 3 dozen clients shortly before the call here, is they're seeing a gradual slowdown that is essentially disposable income. They're seeing disparities on the consumer side between either the businesses or take hotels, hotel properties that either cater to retired people or to high-end consumers in high-end destinations continue to do well, whereas the mass market properties are starting to soften. We hear them on the B2B side being much more guarded as it relates to liquidity and monitoring cash and adjusting staffing levels and just delaying the larger CapEx investments here.  And I think an interesting data point, as I had the chance to spend a little bit of time with the head of economic development for one of the large states in our footprint and I was asking about the new project pipeline. So yes, pipeline is still robust. There's a lot of discussion going on, but the time to decision from when they're initially contacted about a potential opportunity for either a new plant or a headquarter relocation or otherwise to the award in a given state has moved from 200 days as recently as 18 months ago to over 500 days. So you can just see the grind down here of economic activity as people sit on the sidelines and wait to get a better sense for what direction we're headed on the economy. 
TimothySpence: So good morning Ebrahim, it's good to chat. I think a couple of comments. So narrowly to your point, I think we have fairly good visibility into what the first half of the year is going to look like. And we're not seeing anything at the moment that would suggest that we're headed toward credit deterioration in the first half, right? We talked about it in the script delinquency formation that delinquency rates are actually down on the early-stage basis. NPAs are down sequentially, and we have a roll forward for you in the appendix. The slides, which would indicate that, that trend is likely to continue through the fourth quarter. And on the consumer side, just as an example, the nice thing about the way that we manage delinquencies is it's like an assembly line. So you can see in the zero to 29 and then the 30-plus buckets what you're going to be dealing with or early next year, and there just isn't anything in there to be worried about.  With that said, the base case we're using as we think about the management of the company, strategic investments, how we manage expenses and otherwise, continues to assume that maybe the market is a little bit too bullish on the idea of a soft landing here. I mean again, you just look at the payroll numbers, so -- and apply a human lens to it. So jobs are up, but job participation is flat. Labor force participation is flat. And average hours worked are down and unemployment stable. What that means is you have more people working two jobs because they're not getting enough hours or earning enough money at the job that they were working, the base job that they were working to be able to cover their expenses.  So when you then look at declining real incomes, the only thing that really would be standing between somebody who is having to work two jobs and is still suffering from a declining real income and credit delinquency is the fact that there was the stimulus buffer that built up because people had forbearance on loan portfolios and stimulus dollars. Well, the student loans are back now. Housing inflation is still very high at 7.2%, I think, in the most recent prints. And those are just early indicators that there are people across the country that are struggling a lot more than the headline numbers would suggest.  So I feel good because the two areas I would say the market is most worried about right now are subprime consumers and renters where we have very little in the way of exposure on virtually no subprime, I think the lowest level there of any of our peers who provide information on that front and 85% of the consumer exposure is to homeowners. And then in commercial real estate, where, again, our exposure relative to total capital is lower than anybody else's. And because we weren't trying to grow that portfolio materially, we're able to be much more selective, which is reflected in superior credit metrics right now when you look at our commercial real estate book relative to others. So it's both smaller and better performing. 
TimothySpence: The old saying is Cincinnati invented hustle, so we're going to work as hard as we possibly can on that front. 
TimothySpence: It's not on the CRE side, great question. Not on the CRE side, we're not seeing. It doesn't mean we're out of the woods yet. We're watching that portfolio. Clearly, there's stress in that portfolio, but we have so little of it, that's not driving. And as I said earlier, we don't have any geographic or product trends. There's not an industry that's driving our NPA numbers as we sit here today, we have very little from a delinquency standpoint.  And so again, it gets back to how diverse the portfolio is. Yes, I still think we've got some pressure on the 550 basis point rate increase that will flow through to our clients. But we're on top of the portfolio. It's why we're stressing 200 basis points ahead of the yield curve. So we get out ahead of that stuff. And so could it go up a little bit given all the cross-currents, sure, but I think we're in a great spot. Our client selection has been outstanding. Our through the cycle, very disciplined fundamental underwriting I think gets us through this cycle. And so I feel good about where we are today. And even if it goes up a little bit, it's very controllable. 
TimothySpence: So we reduced the -- it is about 29%, you're right. We reduced that portfolio by about 7% year-to-date, given the diving that Jamie talked about earlier, I would expect that number to probably continue to decline between now and year-end. Our portfolio -- that SNC portfolio performs better than on every metric than the rest of the portfolio. So it's under 6% from a criticized asset standpoint. Delinquencies are less than we see in the rest of the book. NPAs are less. So it is some of our strongest performing of the portfolio -- the commercial portfolio. 
BryanPreston: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Jamie. In general, I think what we're seeing is that it's a combination of -- it is local and a national impact right now. And what you're seeing is that you may have periods of time where the dominant players or the bigger players in specific markets may just have a lower liquidity need. And so that gives you a little bit of an opportunity to be a little bit more aggressive and do well from a share perspective. But what we've seen since March is that tends to rotate around a little bit.  And ultimately, as people start to realize as deposit competition is moving in the market, you're just seeing people then start to react. Your most rate-sensitive customers are absolutely focused on the national markets. They tend to be the ones that are most willing to use a non-traditional provider, and so you definitely see some of that. But in general, it tends to -- you still tend to have some opportunity to take advantage of some geographic differences, but those geographic differences can rotate over time. 
BryanPreston: We've done nothing incremental at this point. Obviously, we're paying attention to the market and evaluating opportunities. I think more than anything the, as Jamie mentioned, the lower lockout structure of our portfolio ultimately is our hedge to higher rates right now because we now have those defined maturities that are going to come in, and we think that keeps us relatively well positioned. But we're constantly keeping an eye on the market and figuring out if there are opportunities for us to continue to improve our positioning. 
BryanPreston: Yes, it's Bryan. I would tell you that the outlook on rates has a modest impact on how we think of loans, but it's more about just composition and more in consumer where we may see some additional opportunity or relative asset classes, you might feel a little bit better about some of the spreads in auto. You're going to see almost no mortgage production in a higher rate environment, obviously. And that's probably the biggest implication just given that our commercial portfolio is primarily floating rate, doesn't really have a big impact from a floating rate portfolio perspective. And it really for us comes down to overall macro, how we feel about what the credit outlook is going to be and whether or not we're earning adequate returns on the capital we're deploying. 
