Matt Curoe: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Fifth Third's first quarter 2024 earnings call. This morning, our Chairman, CEO and President, Tim Spence, and CFO, Bryan Preston, will provide an overview of our first quarter results and outlook. Our Chief Credit Officer, Greg Schroeck, has also joined for the Q&A portion of the call. Please review the cautionary statements in our materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain information regarding the use of non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the GAAP results, as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. These statements speak only as of April 19, 2024. And Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to update them. Following prepared remarks by Tim and Bryan, we will open up the call for questions. With that, let me turn it over to Tim.
Matt Curoe: Thanks, Bryan. Before we start Q&A, given the time we have this morning, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Matt Curoe: Thanks, Tim. And thanks, Ellie, and thanks everyone for joining -- for your interest in Fifth Third. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any other follow-up questions. Ellie, you may now disconnect the call.
Bryan Preston: Thank, Mike. It's Bryan. Great question. I think one of the things on this front, we very early last year made the decision to grow deposits very aggressively. We viewed it as a very consistent theme with being focused on the long-term, focused on stability, and quite honestly, focused on returns. We viewed it as worst case. We're going to generate some low cost wholesale funding with no prepayment penalties. Best case, it gave us an opportunity to have 12 million interactions with prospects and customers. And we have a lot of confidence in our ability to win relationships, when we can get our team in front of our customers. And so with that, as we've moved into this more stable environment, there clearly was some costs as we brought those promo balances in, but it gives us an ability to actually manage and recycle interest expense where we're able to pulse offers through different markets, where we can basically harvest some savings and reintroduce that back into interest expense on new offers and ultimately have a lower net overall cost. We just feel like it's being very efficient with every dollar we're utilizing. As I mentioned in the guidance, there's certainly some risk that the competition can reaccelerate, but it does feel like overall deposit competition did soften at the end of last year and that continued to [indiscernible].
Bryan Preston: Yeah. Thanks, Scott. I think the main thing there is two items. For the guidance for the rest of the year, that is under the assumption that there is no change to the economic outlooks as provided by Moody's. A big driver of the release this quarter was the economic outlook from Moody's did get better. So that was a factor. We also had end-to-period decrease in loans sequentially. So that was an item that drove the release as well. Next quarter, we did guide to stability on loans. So that's what we're saying kind of zero to $25 million. Mix could cause a little bit of build, but we do expect end-of-period loan growth in the second half of the year and that's where you get the larger numbers.
Bryan Preston: Their baseline scenario has had a bit of stability. It's certainly -- I don't think it is a significant -- there's no slowdown in 2024. They continue to push out their baseline expectations. They've also improved their downside scenario. That's had a little bit of a bigger impact on our reserve calculation. But overall, they're now in the camp of the economy continues to be moving well, and I don't think that they're expecting a significant slowdown at this point in 2024.
Bryan Preston: Yeah, John, thanks for the question. It's one where the main thing that I would highlight for you is that we continue to have very strong benefits from the fixed rate asset repricing at this point. And you can see this -- for us, you can see that in our actual numbers. Year-over-year our indirect secured consumer business, which is primarily our indirect auto business, that's up 100 basis points year-over-year on a $15 billion portfolio. So, $150 million of annualized benefit in a year where we were actually constraining production in auto because of the RWA diet. So, those businesses we have, those medium-term fixed rate lending assets, whether it's the auto business, RV Marine, whether it's solar provide, generate a lot of power for us in terms of earnings capacity. Over the next 12 months, we'll have enough fixed rate assets reprice that will generate $350 million, $400 million plus of annualized NII benefit. So, even in a higher rate environment and with the curve selling off some, that benefit is increasing for us. So that is a good outcome for us that helps support and offset some continued migration from a DDA perspective, as well as some continued forecasted increases in deposit costs overall. We're not making any assumptions that the deposit environment and the competition and the increasing cost is over, but it is definitely moderating. From a NIM perspective, we do expect positive NIM from here as well. We're only talking about a couple of few basis points a quarter trajectory. A big wild card on the magnitude of the NIM increases just ultimately is where the cash position ends up. If we continue to have really strong performance out of our deposit franchise above the 2% to 3% that we're guiding to, NIM will be a little bit lower, but NII will be better as a result of that. But overall, we feel really good about the absolute positioning.
Bryan Preston: That's right. We do have a similar amount that will happen in '25. And actually, we've been in the range of $4 billion to $5 billion a quarter repricing overall on the portfolio between loans and investment portfolio. The investment portfolio has actually been, say, $600 million to $800 million a quarter range. That number is actually going to start accelerating later this year as we start to get some maturities on the bullet/locked-out structures. We're expecting over $1 billion in the fourth quarter and a pace similar to that in 2025. So, this benefit and the repricing is going to continue and actually pick up a little bit and that's where the higher for longer environment, as long as the frontend stays relatively stable, because that will help keep deposit costs stable, the higher long end will actually help and contribute to higher income over time.
Bryan Preston: Yeah. We are there today for whatever comes out from a liquidity rule perspective. So, we will not have to make any material changes to the balance sheet compared to what we have today. What will happen over time as the loss position on the investment portfolio burns off, that will actually increase the liquidity contribution from the investment portfolio, so we can take the cash -- start to take the cash position down. Also we will start to remix the composition of our investment portfolio to continue to shift more into level one securities which will also help us take the cash position down over time. So, it will be just a natural transition where the balance sheet will get a little bit lighter from a cash and securities perspective as time passes. But we're very well positioned for any pending liquidity rules.
Bryan Preston: Yeah, absolutely. We've got about overall about $31 billion in deposits in the Southeast now. About -- over half of that relates to the consumer franchise. So, we're doing very strong in consumer on that front. And as Tim mentioned, we are -- it is a net provider of funding. We only have about $18 billion worth of loans in the Southeast.
Bryan Preston: And then just on the volume front for originations for solar, I know this question came up earlier as well, we're probably talking closer to $1.7 billion to $2 billion of originations this year, just given the dynamics that Tim mentioned earlier.
Bryan Preston: We think that is certainly a big question for us and for the industry, and it's one of the items why we highlighted that our NII guidance at this point is less rate environment dependent and more dependent on just the overall level of deposit competition. As you mentioned, we do compete against the money center banks as well as a lot of regionals across our different markets. In the Midwest, we compete against JPMorgan primarily. They're the number one bank in most of our markets. We're the number two bank in those markets. So, we see them and face off against them. And obviously, in the Southeast, we deal with Bank of America, Wells and Truist, so very significant competition. In general, it does feel like the broader liquidity environment has stabilized versus what we saw midyear last year. So, even with a little bit of weakness from an overall industry deposit perspective at this point unless something really breaks in the liquidity system, we're not expecting the significant food fight for cash that happened last year as people were just scrambling to show that they had a stable balance sheet. But it does mean that over time that you're likely to see just a potential increase in competition. The big counter for this is really going to be whether or not loan growth shows up or not. If there's no loan growth for the industry, there's not going to be a need for significant competition for deposits. And so, broadly speaking, we think competition probably stays lighter than what we saw last year, especially in a stable environment, also at a time where we think the whole industry is going to be focused on maintaining profitability. So, we do think that will moderate some of the pressures, but the bottoming of the RRP and potential decreases in bank reserves as QT continues, certainly could create some pressure in the medium term.
Tim Spence: We definitely took advantage of the fact that we have I think at this point with the investments that have been made down there, Mike, a higher natural share than we did existing market share rights. So, we were able to use the Southeast as a mechanism to raise deposits without repricing existing relationships to the same degree that we would have if we were using those rate offers in markets where we had high existing shares. I think though, what's important is that what's driving the growth in the Southeast is the household growth. And those relationships are that vast majority momentum banking relationships, which means the core deposit product is a non-interest-bearing deposit product. So, the 7% growth in the Southeast when you break it apart, the research triangle is like 25% year-over-year. Most of the major markets in Florida were in the mid to high teens, Tampa 11% or 12%, Broward County and north in Southeast Florida 17%, 18% year-over-year household growth rates. So, we're gaining share in a way that then allows us to make decisions about whether we want to move more of the deposit wallet where obviously rate is part of it, or where then we have the opportunity to introduce the fee-based businesses on the consumer side of the equation, and in commercial third of the relationships that we added in treasury managers, we mentioned this last quarter, were payments led. So, they're not driven by deposit rates or credit as the entry point.
Tim Spence: Yeah, sure. Happy to. I'll start that one, and if need be, Bryan can fill in here, Scott. So, I mean, listen, I think in general, the commentary we've provided about what we hear from clients is more or less the same. They are not pessimistic at that current point, but they're also not leaning forward in the saddle here, whether it's capital investments or pushing forward on M&A opportunities or building inventories or otherwise. The prospect we now face with rates being higher for longer definitely will weigh on plans. And so, I do expect that in general that if we're going to get growth, we have to get it principally through taking market share. I mean, the byproduct of that is that the places where we are expecting to see growth in the second half of the year are the places where we made investments to be able to do it. So, middle market C&I was strong in the first quarter. I gave a little bit of a breakout on the markets. A driver there in the Midwest and the Southeast both is the benefit that we get, the early benefit that you see from the federal stimulus programs on manufacturing, energy transition, infrastructure and otherwise, because our regions have gotten a disproportionate share of those dollars. I think in addition to that, we have a much larger sales force in the Southeast today than we did three years ago, and again the byproduct of that is we will continue to see an accretion of market share attached to those investments as those RMs become fully productive. Texas has been a really nice story for us. We've been in Texas for a little more than a decade now. We have I think it's 175 employees there roughly and it's a really nice complement to the strong commercial banking team that we built out in California a few years back in terms of expanding the middle market footprint. So, we expect to see growth in that area. And then lastly, on the industry vertical side, aerospace, defense, transportation and TMT are the places where the pipelines have -- we're seeing some pickup in the pipelines.
Tim Spence: Yeah, sure. So, I'm going to do payments first and then we'll start with the loan, because payments is easy. So, the payments clients meet their return thresholds essentially out of the gate, Gerard, because you don't have credit attached, which means the capital you're holding is op risk capital. And it can take as long as 30 to 45 days to board a client, but because of some investments we made fortuitously for us prior to the deposit crisis last spring, we can board a client provided that the client is ready to do it in six days now on average. And that then allows for a very quick ramp and that's what's supporting the -- I think it's 11% growth in commercial payments fees year-over-year, that current pace. A high single-digit pace has been the goal there for a while and it requires us to get ramped quickly every time we add a new client. On the credit side of the equation, I think the beauty of the focus that we have on granularity right now is when we move a middle market relationship, it's generally a single bank relationship. And that means the credit comes on. It will take a month or two to move payables and receivables and otherwise and to get the payments flowing, but you hit the return threshold very quickly I would say generally well within a year on what we do in middle market. Where we are playing either at the upper end of middle market or in corporate banking, the return profile can develop over a longer period because quite often then the ancillary that we're focused on is not payments. It's the capital markets revenues. Where we lead, we get the returns quickly. Where we are a participant, we're a participant because we believe we can grow the relationship over time. And then, there is a strong discipline here to go back through the book every year. We do an operating review in every region with every corporate vertical and we have them show us the 25 lowest returning relationships in their portfolio, and there's either a relationship plan that we believe, or we exit.
Tim Spence: The disproportionate share of the clients that we are moving with conventional payments products and managed services are moving from another bank. So, it would be either they are a business that doesn't run with any leverage and that relationship moves, or they make a decision to move their payables or receivables business to Fifth Third because we can provide a superior service. So, that is a share shift. In the case of the embedded payments businesses, we are quite often helping people to build products into their software applications that didn't necessarily exist previously or where they had a smaller bank who had agreed to provide simple services and they're looking for somebody who's more robust controls the ability to support higher volumes. And then, in the case of the work we're doing on the technology side now, a simpler process to do integration and future product development.
Tim Spence: Yeah. Ebrahim, thank you. And as you know, we're big believers in accountability here. So, I actually asked Matt to go back and look through the Q&A in the scripts from prior quarters to see when we got the first question on higher for longer rates, and you were the one that asked it, so -- in the fourth quarter of '22 earnings call. What we said was we thought the market was overly optimistic on how quickly inflation would come down, and I don't remember what event it was last December. But the comment that I made then was that we thought either the bond market or the equity market were wrong. The question was just which one. And then, if we had to guess, it was bonds. So, I think for certain we know now that the bond market was the side of the trade that was wrong at the beginning of the year. The factors that have influenced our more cautious outlook are pretty much exactly the same today as they were the last time we talked about it. We just view the current fiscal and monetary policies to be at odds and that the fiscal side in particular is unsustainable and inflationary over time. And the longer it goes on, right, the more that the Fed will need to remain higher for longer, which puts pressure on the long end of the curve. And then, I think as a knock on to that, we know that longer rates stay elevated, the more likely it is that you see adverse consequences either in asset prices or in credit performance. The big question is just how long does that take, right? When does that play out? And that is an area where we have low conviction. So, what we are trying to do and what we will always try to do in low conviction environments is be liquid, be neutral and be diversified. Because historically, when you had a change, things slowly but suddenly or slowly then suddenly sort of a dynamic plays out in terms of big environmental shifts. On capital priorities, we do continue to expect to buy back between $300 million and $400 million in shares in the second half of the year. Our level of confidence in that just comes from the strength of the capital generation of the franchise. As Bryan and I both mentioned, we had the highest ROE and the most stable ROE, if you look at it on a year-over-year basis of any of our investor peers, and that is the basis of the confidence. If the environment ends up softening and we don't see the loan growth, that will then create a capital opportunity because the capital need to support organic growth won't be there. So, you do have a buffer here if we do see a turn in the environment and softening in loan growth expectations. And if not, then we have more than enough capital generation to do $300 million to $400 million in second half of the year.
Tim Spence: Yeah, absolutely. So, we got into Texas in 2012 when we formed our energy vertical. We have deeply experienced folks there who have done a really excellent job. And then, over the course of the past several years added middle market offices in Houston and Dallas, where we were able to attract very strong talents from trillionaire banks, who understand the focus we have on whole relationships and we're able to do what I think for us is a little bit unique, which is a heavy focus on C&I and then the delivery of the value-added services, whether they're capital markets or payments as opposed to a focus on either loan-only relationships or buying participations or investor real estate or otherwise. That business now also has specialty products, so ABL equipment leasing coverage. It has coverage dedicated treasury management. It has wealth and asset management support and then a non-public branch office, which allows us to do things on the pub fund side. What it does not have today is any retail banking presence. I wouldn't rule that out, but those are very large markets that we're talking about here. They're not markets of between 0.5 million and 3 million people, which has been the expansion strategy in the Southeast. So, any effort that we elect to make with branches in those markets will be a thing that we communicate to you in advance, because we'll be talking about committing 50 to 100 branches in a single city in many cases as opposed to what we're doing in the Southeast right now, which is really building 10 to 25 at an individual market level and getting to that top five presence that we know we need to be able to support the primary banking model.
Tim Spence: Yeah. So, a few things just on the industry in general and Fifth Third on that front. One, we've got to find a way to reignite growth in labor productivity, right? I think that's true of the economy in total, but you'd see the same thing if you look at the banking sector is despite all the investments that have been made in technology over the course of the past 10, 15 years. Aside from branch rationalizations, you can't really point to a lot of examples where there were big productivity lifts. So, whether it's the cloud platforms we're putting in, where we should be able to drive more straight-through processing, or the use of AI or otherwise, overheads have to come down. That is going to be an important point of focus for us through the value streams and through the tech modernization work that we're doing. I think secondarily, there are going to be businesses that regional banks or community banks just don't compete in, in the future, if there isn't a rationalization of the way that the non-credit wallet is shared. And large public companies would be a good example of that space, right? We did our diet last year. We walked away from companies where we were an important lender, but we weren't getting a fair share of the ancillaries because they were being consumed by the money center banks. That's either going to require the money centers to make larger individual commitments in order to justify the ancillary or it's going to require that the treasurers that those companies reallocate the wallet proportionally. So, I and -- my own view is at least initially you're going to see a shift there. I think private credit is going to be an interesting one to watch. Like there isn't a great track record historically for people growing as fast as private credit is growing and completely avoiding mistakes. I also have a hard time figuring out what the comparative advantage is there that's defensible if the model works. And I would prefer always, since we are a good deposit gathering institution, that we'd be able, if there's good money to be made and the valuations that are being placed on these credit fund providers, certainly suggest there is, that we'd be holding those assets on balance sheet. So that is not been an immediate point of focus for us. And then lastly, as we've talked about in the past, it's hard to imagine that whether it's 1,000 or 2,000 or 3,000, it's hard to imagine that there are going to be 4,000 banks. And you're just going to have to see some consolidation and people retreating to places where they have density and focusing on markets where they can neutralize the scale advantages that the large banks have because you're the same size in the area where you compete versus being seven, eight, nine, 10 ranked in every market across the US, which is just fundamentally less defensible business strategy.
Tim Spence: Thanks for that, Chris. I think we don't have any other questions in the queue, but we'd be remiss if we didn't say congratulations to [Erica] (ph) and her family since she wasn't able to join us today before we wrap up our call.
Greg Schroeck: Yeah, great. Thanks. Great question. So, of the $59 million increase that we saw in NPAs this quarter, $49 million of it was in commercial, two names, not in the industries that you had indicated. We had a retail trade name and a senior living trade name. So, we are continuing to see stress on the healthcare side, specifically in the senior living. That's not a huge portfolio for us and we think we have our hands around it, continue to review that portfolio on a consistent basis. So, not overly concerned. The thing that we have been consistently saying and we continue to see is we just -- we are not seeing trends by geography, by product, by industry. Our issues that have bubbled up have been more episodic and we've been able to deal with those episodic events on a quarter-by-quarter basis. So, I am not expecting to see a linear increase in our NPAs. To your last question, I still feel very good about the guidance. Bryan talked about earlier, 35 basis point to 45 basis point for the year based on -- again, Tim mentioned our commercial real estate portfolio continues to perform very, very well. The rest of our C&I borrowers continue to perform well. They've done a nice job with expense cutting. They've done a nice job passing along pricing. They're operating about as efficiently as we've seen them. We're taking a cautious view as well, not sure where rates are going to go. So, we're not seeing a lot of CapEx. But overall, we like the behaviors of our C&I portfolio, and I think the results of our commercial real estate portfolio speak for themselves.
Greg Schroeck: And on the credit side, the solar dividend credit losses are performing right as we model right around 1.3%. We actually think we'll run a little bit better for the remainder of this year. Early volume within the portfolio is seasoning. So, we saw a little bit of seasonality this quarter, but we feel good about what we're seeing. And we certainly have more optimistic view for the rest of this year.
Greg Schroeck: Yeah, it's a great question. So again, probably not going to be linear, it's going to be lumpy. It has been for us in the past given current previous comments I made about episodic, more episodic events and the fact that we're just not seeing trending by industry, by geography. And so, I would expect it to continue to be lumpy. But as I said earlier, we're still liking the way our C&I portfolio is behaving. We like our commercial real estate track record an awful lot. But with higher for longer, maybe higher forever interest rates, we're going to continue to see stress and we're going to continue to proactively manage the portfolio as we have. We're not doing deep dives because on an ongoing basis, we are stressing the C&I portfolio by 200 basis points. We're getting out ahead of any potential issues, but that could lead to some criticized assets, a special mention. We're doing the same thing, do something on the commercial real estate side, exit stress testing. So, we're taking a look at maturities and we're stressing by 100 basis points a forward curve on what that loan looks like at maturity. And so, if we see weakness there, we could see an elevation in criticized assets, but 99% of our accruing criticized assets are current, right? And if you include our non-accrual, we're still 93%, 94% current within that portfolio. So, we'll see episodic kind of lumpiness for the remainder of the year.
