Greg Carmichael: Once again, thanks Tayfun. And Erika, as you look at our businesses and the changing needs of our customers as they move to wanting to bank anywhere anytime. Our ability to invest from a technology perspective on opportunities to improve revenue, improve the customer experience and obviously drive efficiencies. We’re going to stay focused on that. And we’ll also continue to look at our investments that we have today in our infrastructure in better ways of reengineering our infrastructure to serve our customers going forward.
Greg Carmichael: Fifth Third has always been focused on prudent expense management. We’re going to continue that going forward. And technology is a great opportunity for us especially with some of the recent advancements. Mobile check deposit, we have over 15% of our deposits now coming through remote deposit capture. That drives efficiencies in our bank operations. We’ll continue to look for ways to accelerate that pace of play around those investments where it makes good sense for our customer and our shareholders.
Greg Carmichael: Thanks, Kevin. First-off, Kevin and I have a great relationship. As Kevin mentioned, I’ve been the COO since 2006 and President since 2012, it’s been a great partnership. And this has been a very thoughtful transition. We’ve worked hard to get this right. We’ll work hard to continue to get it right going forward. Leadership style, Mike, what I can tell you about myself and what you could expect from me is a couple of things. One is, I believe in clarity, making sure organization has crystal clarity as to our mission of objectives, we’re trying to accomplish as an organization. Being very transparent about where we stand, what need to get accomplished. Being very, very proactive and decisive on moving forward and making sure we hold the organization accountable for our overall mission of objective to serve our customers. So that’s my style, I’ll continue that going forward in the organization. I look forward to once again focus on how we can leverage my background on my experience prior to Fifth Third. And when I first came into Fifth Third in the technology, we’re living a technology evolution. And all was changing. And my experience in that sector and the pace of playing that sector will continue to be an opportunity for us to get it right. So I’m looking forward to the opportunity.
Greg Carmichael: And the only thing I would add Mike is we got great leadership in this organization with the moves we recently made. Made and we look at the market, and the talent we have in our markets, we’ve got great people running our markets, we’ve got great leaders running our lines of businesses. And I’m very proud of the performance of this organization. As Tayfun said, as Kevin just said, we’re in a very solid position right now with a lot of upside opportunities going forward.
Greg Carmichael: First off, thanks for the question. And I have been focused on the organization obviously as Chief Operating Officer and President, spent a lot of time in the market, a lot of time with our businesses. So, one of the first things I want to do is make sure I touch base with all key constituents, our stakeholders out there, shareholders, key customers, employees and maintain their focus on our market. In addition to that, we’re going to continue to look for ways to take advantage of some of the dynamic changes that occur in our industries such as our investments and technologies accelerate our pace of change with respect to how we serve our customers and efficiencies. And also continue to look at our businesses making sure we’re aligned and we’re in the right businesses to get the right focus on those businesses, we have the right parties in place, we have enough resources decked against those opportunities. You can expect I’ll continue to focus on that and make sure that we’re aligned to capitalize on the market opportunities.
Greg Carmichael: Yes. First off, we don’t typically comment on M&A activity Sameer, but I will state this. Anytime there was an opportunity to create value for our shareholders over a long-term horizon, we’re going to look at that very closely. And we’re not going to do a deal, just to do a deal, in order to do something as positive in a short term that doesn’t create long-term shareholder value. So, I think as we look at those opportunities in our business or a geography, we’ll always be mindful of, does it create value for our shareholders and net-net, our ability to be able to execute. And we’ll execute those opportunities at the end of the day when the time is right and when those opportunities emerge.
Tayfun Tuzun: Sure. So Scott, I think what’s very encouraging is when I look at the last sort of two quarters of trends, despite the fact that pay-offs remained at healthy levels, our production numbers are coming in strongly above those to drive net loan growth. When we go back to the second half of last year, I think as a company, we have done a very good job in understanding the impact of the competitive dynamics in the market and have been able to between sort of the sales groups, the credit group as well as my finance group to organize ourselves in a much more efficient manner to respond to the market and to respond to our clients. And I think that’s really driving the healthy increase in production levels. And when you look at the credit profile of these new loans coming on balance sheet, as I mentioned, the credit profile this quarter of this new production was the highest in five quarters. So, it’s clear that we’re not stretching or sacrificing on credit as we increase the number of our relationships. And also, we’ve been obviously focused in deepening the existing relationships and that’s working well as well. And this is also, I have to say that during the last three or four quarters, we’ve added great talent both in originations as well as on the credit side. I think that’s working very well for us. And we’ve identified the right areas whether it’s our specialization in healthcare, our continued focused on mid-core, our new retail vertical. I think this is really a broad-based support for loan growth that we are seeing today.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, the second piece Ken, we - actually it was in our 8-K that we filed in June. There are some leased branches and the expense impact on those will flow through our numbers as we close those branches and reflect the impact of those leases on a going forward basis. That number had to be disclosed between $6 million and $10 million.
Tayfun Tuzun: Matt, our color there is no different than the same message that we’ve been giving over the last two years. Now, yes, car sales are at healthy levels. But when we look at the pricing and profitability of that business within the credit profile that we are comfortable with, we are comfortable with the origination levels that we have. And they’ve been very stable. And a number of our competitors obviously are operating at credit profiles below ours. The immediate profit metrics look reasonable but it just doesn’t fit our risk profile and risk tolerance levels. So, I don’t really have any new news for you in that area. I think the next few quarters, the numbers will look very similar to what you’ve seen from us over the last two, three quarters.
Tayfun Tuzun: Unfortunately - the development of our balance sheet is really an extension of what we’re seeing in the broad economy. Home equities continued their soft decline. At one point that’s going to turn and clearly, in our branch network we’re very focused in making sure that when that happens in our footprint that we are ready to experience that growth. Credit cards, I think that still continues to be a good business for us to support ongoing growth. That business as you know is a very branch focused direct retail portfolio for us and has great credit profile and we’re happy to grow that portfolio. And we will grow that portfolio. We’ve added some management talent over the past couple of quarters there. And as we focus on the MV project and the credit card business at the same time, we are focusing on business growth opportunities. So, you will see continued growth in credit cards. And then we also will obviously maintain our mortgage presence and as we see opportunities there, we will support that. So, at this point the trends are going to look fairly similar but as the consumer continues to improve and it’s how balance sheet helps, we’re here to observe obviously more growth in that area. But right now C&I will dominate loan growth.
Tayfun Tuzun: Ken, I’ll leave my outlook structure as I laid out without sort of adding more to that. I mean, clearly the fundamental drivers continue to be healthy. And it’s no different than what we thought was going to happen in January, what we thought was going to happen in April. We just maintain a very similar perspective. We are confident in the health of, the fundamental driver that being earning asset growth which now going forward for this year will really reflect loan growth rather than securities growth. NIM is at good levels, the momentum there is helpful. We believe that the second half should show good sort of fee income level. So, I will just leave it there and we gave you a little bit more detailed expense guidance. Beyond that I would be careful in not projecting Q2’s PPNR levels for the rest of the year. We clearly have outperformed in the second quarter. But things look good. And as we move into the third quarter, we are confident in the fundamental drivers. But I just want to point out that in Q2 we outperformed significantly.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, I mean, first of all, I did not make any statements related to the energy being part of the underlying credit trends. So I’m going to turn that over to Frank and then I’ll come back with comments on provision.
Tayfun Tuzun: And on the provision, Ken, I think we signaled at the end of last year very clearly that we would expect this year to cross the threshold at some point. Our coverage level provision to charge-off coverage level moved up now above 90% this quarter. So, our outlook basically is for that trend to continue into full coverage. But that’s just a natural progress with respect to our existing credit profile, our loan growth statistics. And I think despite the fact that we feel very confident that just as a natural progression at this point that we’re expecting.
Tayfun Tuzun: Look Mike, I think we discussed with you as well as with the broader investor community that we have been aggressively taking actions in our branch network to adapt to new technologies. We’ve been observing what’s been happening in the underlying demographics and usage patterns. And this is just basically an accumulation of those trends over the last number of quarters. And we had, we analyzed this second quarter of last year. And this quarter was a good time to take another look. Because as you know, technology is moving very fast, there are opportunities. And we hadn’t made significant changes in our branch network over the past number of years. So, this was the right time to do it. We felt comfortable with what was available to us. And we have a better look into the future as to how our customers are utilizing our branches to them than we did before.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think Mike, the bottom line is we would hope, the board, myself, Greg, the leadership team here would hope that the streak and you all see that we’re going to continue the momentum that we’ve talked about, we’re going to continue the effective approach to rapidly changing and challenging environment. And I think you can expect the whole as accountable to that standard now and in the future with Greg, so.
Tayfun Tuzun: Chris, I mean, your question is precisely the reason why we have this slide in our presentation because we wanted to make sure that we were very transparent in terms of the numbers, in terms of the assumptions that support those numbers. We keep seeing references to historical data ranges from our peers. And we were hoping for this discussion to be based more on factual data which we are intending to do. Your reference to the short-term wholesale funding it’s [indiscernible] it’s not sort of a meaningful change in terms of the overall trends which clearly will rely on core funding.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, the SNC portfolio John, as Frank mentioned, with respect to all the variables, credit variables is actually a better portfolio than our overall commercial portfolio. So, I will get you, but I don’t have the yield specific to the SNC portfolio but in one of our presentations we can share that with you.
Tayfun Tuzun: The resi stuff clearly, the second quarter was impacted by all the refi activity that took place in the first quarter which then shows up in our MSR amortization lines. The investment portfolio really was nothing beyond our expectations, just reflective of the market trends. As I mentioned, the commercial book showed little bit elevated pay-off levels but when we sort of looked at the details of those pay-offs, they appear to be more event related rather than refi related. There was some activity in the commercial construction book. There was some prepayment ahead of the project finalization dates. This quarter more than last quarters, nothing sort of outside a reasonable range. So that’s my color on prepay activity.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, exactly. Yes, that specifically related to those branches that we are going to consolidate where we have a lease rather than owning the property. And that’s going to flow through our expenses over the next couple of quarters.
Tayfun Tuzun: Well, we sized it in our 8-K, we said it’s going to be between $6 million to $10 million. But I did not include that, I exclusively stated that my expense guidance of 2.5% does not include that number.
Tayfun Tuzun: The flexibility of managing an AFS book outweighs the benefits of not marking a healthy maturity book, so that’s been our long subscribe philosophy here.
Tayfun Tuzun: I mean, that clearly is a reasonable statement. We’ll see how the environment moves. But that type of flexibility is what we value.
Tayfun Tuzun: No, I mean, we own currently nearly 23% of the company directly. So, we are not close to having that concern. And there is really no bright line as we have board memberships as we have the warrant position and a significant operating partnership with the company. So, that’s not the reason why we currently are still holding 23% of the shares.
Tayfun Tuzun: No, Matt, I think as you know today when you look at M&A opportunities, you don’t only look at the next 10 years of that optimization but you look at the past 10 years. And the really attractive opportunities are few and far between and so, nothing really to report on that that commencement.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, so, by definition this branch action will clearly impact the overall employment levels in our retail business. But it’s been now, I think it’s a good sort of two and half years since we have reduced our FTE counts in our branches. And that continued even into this quarter. I suspect that as we sort of continue to grow technology inside of our branches and reconfigure, redesign our existing branches that trend will continue. But on the other hand, I have to tell you that revenue growth continues to be of utmost importance in our retail business. And we have been and we will continue to add sales oriented associates. So, there are two trends that are going against each other but the 105 reduction itself will clearly take out a portion of our retail employee base.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, Scott, it’s Jamie. As we said on our first quarter call, we would expect during the course of 2015 to add another $1 billion to $2 billion of leverage during the course of the year. During the quarter, we made the decision to accelerate that additional leverage as you saw in our results. So, our portfolio as we exit the second quarter is where we would like it to be. And we’re pretty pleased with the execution and continue to be mindful of the rate risk. So going forward, you can expect our portfolio to be fairly stable and to grow in-line with earning asset growth.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, it’s Jamie. The biggest portion of the answer to your question is, if you look back another presentation prior and you look at year-end, we’re actually the duration of the portfolio was 5 years.
Jamie Leonard: So, what happened is, rate rallied in the first quarter which drove the portfolio duration to shorten and then rates have sold off in the second quarter. So, we’ve not really changed the mix or composition of the portfolio. It’s merely a function of the rates that are impacting the disclosed duration. But then when you look, what we’ve added in the portfolio both in the first quarter growth and then the second quarter activity, you really see that driving the change in the EVE where we did decline from a minus 3.8% down to minus 4.6%. But in terms of the disclosed asset sensitivity, you can see the biggest drivers of your rate risk are the beta, the pricing lags and then the DDA disintermediation and we’ve not changed those assumptions. The only change that occurred to our interest rate risk update was we did an annual deposit live attrition study. And that resulted in a small increase in average deposit life of 0.2 years. And that’s driven by the continued success from our deposit simplification program and our ability to service our customers. And we’re seeing less attrition in our deposit base. So really there were no large changes in our rate risk assumptions.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, this is Jamie. The strategy on the available for sale is really just to maintain flexibility as we manage interest rate risk and see opportunities in the market. I know a lot of our peers have used HTM but given that our asset size were below $250 billion, we did elect AOCI opt-out, so that use of the AFS and the resulting marks don’t impact our capital ratios. Yes, there will be an impact on some of the screens that you all use on tangible book. But we’d also hope you just would fair-value the HTM portfolios from peers as well when screening across that metric.
Frank Forrest: Hi, this is Frank, good morning. Good question. As Tayfun mentioned though, when you look at our loan growth, it’s not heavily concentrated in construction activity. It’s across all sectors. And again the risk profile is very strong. The construction activity we’re seeing is quite frankly a non-speculative office building, apartment buildings, some retail it’s a national builders that we’ve had a long-time relationship with. And again, I’ll emphasize, we’re taking nominal risk in managing that book as we go forward. We’ve learned as other institutions have our lessons. This book is small relative to I believe our peers. And we’re being very prudent in client selection. So, it’s - we’re happy to see the growth. But again, they’re the client we feel very good about it. These are again loans that I think I have a very solid risk profile. And we’ll continue to manage it prudently as we go forward.
Frank Forrest: Thanks. As we’ve said before, the synergy book is relatively small in context of both commercial and the Bancorp as a whole. It’s less than 2% of our Bancorp loans, its $1.67 billion, so it’s a small book. We have the highly experienced team of lenders, who’ve been with us over 20 years on average. It’s predominantly a mid-to-large corporate focus that’s consistent with our other Fifth Third National Alliance. Now we exercise what we believe is conservative underwriting. It’s a diversified book as Tayfun has talked about. Upstream represents 50% of all energy related exposures and that tends to be a well-structured book. It’s under a traditional secured reserve base borrowing base. The balance of that book is predominantly to investment rate credit. So, when you look - as we went through this Shared National Credit exam, effectively for us it was a wash. The numbers that Tayfun said are in our second quarter results, there were no material adverse changes as a result of the exam across the broad portfolio or in the energy sector. So, the sector itself we talked about the fact that we had a slight migration on non-performing assets. But the non-performing assets in the energy book are less than 1%. And we don’t expect any material change there. We don’t expect any material changes in the outlook for the second quarter as a result of our energy book. So, we feel good about the book as a whole, again it’s small, well managed and performing to date, we’ve seen some risk rating migration as have others. But again, it’s just not a material number in terms of Bancorp.
Frank Forrest: Hi, this is Frank, let me take it. To begin with, we’re looking on the yield question for you. The books up from about 39% to 44% over the past year as it relates to the Shared National Credit exam. Again, we have a large corporate book and that’s predominantly what this is, mid-Corp and large corporate, very high risk rated overall book, the overall risk profile is strong. And as I’ve said before, when you think about the SNC exam, and you think about this portfolio, we underwrite everyone into our own account. So it doesn’t matter whether we participate in the syndication, we lead the syndication or we do a standalone one-off to a corporate. We structured, we underwrite to our own account, to our own risk appetite into our own standards which we believe are high. So, relative to whether it’s 39% or 44%, I don’t necessarily think it’s that meaningful because again we underwrite to our own account and this is a portfolio that’s performed very well. And our portfolio performed very well in the most recent SNC exam.
Frank Forrest: Again, the only piece of that that could be lingering as we talked about likely be in the energy sector. But the energy book for us is 2% of the SNC book, I mean it’s small. So, it’s a small piece of the overall pie. And again, we’ve booked all of the results from the SNC exam, all the ratings, adjustments, were all in the second quarter. So, we don’t expect any material changes going forward from that exam.
Kevin Kabat: Hi Mike, let me start, give you my perspective. We try to be as transparent as possible relative to orientation. But as you know, when I was working with the board relative to looking at kind of CEO transition and particularly in terms of looking at about a decade of timeframe it’s not the, as I told, the board it’s not the years, it’s the miles. And so, from my perspective, given that the bank is in really good shape, whether you look at the balance sheet as you just mentioned our earnings. And then as you also look at in terms of the succession and the talent that we have internally from that perspective, it really to me ties together very well for a very normal, very thoughtful transition for a Fortune 500 company. And I think I’m really comfortable, I think the board was really comfortable in our approach. And in the perspective that we put together as you said, long-serving CEOs and our expectation is that Greg will do that same as we go forward from that standpoint. And the other thing I would mention is, Greg has been, as I highlighted, Greg’s been Chief Operating Officer since ‘06, he’s been President and Chief Operating Officer since ‘12, so he has a long history. He understands the culture he understands both the challenges and the opportunities. And he’ll get a chance in the coming months to really kind of layout his thoughts and his perspective in terms of where Fifth Third will be going from that standpoint. And I think you’ll be pleased with what he brings to the table from that standpoint. So, I don’t know Greg, if you wanted to add anything.
Kevin Kabat: Yes. Well, we’ve discussed over the past couple of earnings calls is we felt there were some opportunities to rationalize deposit pricing especially in light of the LCR. So, our focus has been on reducing deposit rates especially in those buckets that are less LCR friendly. And you see that in our results this quarter on the NIM as Tayfun talked about the benefit from over-funding actions was roughly 3 basis points. And that should stabilize us as we head into what potentially is a rising rate environment at the end of this year. So, I think we’ve accomplished what we wanted to accomplish and you can expect that to be fairly stable going forward until the Fed begins to take action.
Kevin Kabat: Yes, a couple of comments on that one. One on MSR, we’ve been actually, when you look at our MSR management over the last three, four years, we have a very comprehensive approach to how we manage our MSR position with respect to production trends, interest rate environment and also the up and down trends in our servicing book, so the decision when and how much to portfolio or what portion of our mortgage production to portfolio really depends on environmental factors. We did have in the first couple of quarters a little bit more elevated balance sheet positions in mortgage production but that does not necessarily indicate what we will do going forward. That’s really a quarter-to-quarter determination in terms of where we see pricing in the market, what our portfolio characteristics look like. Right now we’re just holding the arm portion of our originations, we’re not holding on to, on the conforming side, we’re not holding on to longer-term fixed rate mortgages. We’ve always portfolio, the jumbo production because that just is more of a relationship business. But in general, the mortgage servicing asset risk management is a very comprehensive approach. And whether what we balance sheet from production is a little bit separate than that.
Kevin Kabat: Our long-stated strategic approach to our Vantiv ownership is that over the long-term we will not remain a majority or a large owner of Vantiv. And that decision really we look at it on a quarterly basis, we look at where we are, we look at where the stock price. It’s a barely complex ownership structure as we have the warrant position as well as the CRA as well as the direct ownership. So, at this time, our position has not changed, we still intend to reduce our ownership. But we want to make sure that we execute that in the best interest of our shareholders. And we will continue to monitor that situation.
Kevin Kabat: Sameer, I’m also trying to get him to pay attention to retirees because I’ll still be a significant shareholder and more aligned with you than ever, so.
Kevin Kabat: And Sameer, we’ve been very successful inorganically actually starting and growing sub-businesses inside the commercial corporate banking area. So that success gives us confidence that if we were to venture into a new area that we could actually do it with the right talent. And in this environment it almost is better to do that as the regulatory environment is very difficult for a non-bank to operate inside a bank. So, our success so far gives us confidence that we can do it internally if there are opportunities outside, we don’t mind looking at them but we’ll have to evaluate them as they come along.
