Sameer Gokhale: Okay, thank you Caitlin. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. Today we will be discussing our financial results for the second quarter of 2018.  This discussion may contain certain forward-looking statements about Fifth Third pertaining to our financial condition, results of operations, plans and objectives. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from historical performance and these statements. We have identified some of these factors in our forward-looking cautionary statement at the end of our earnings release and in other materials, and we encourage you to review them. Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. Additionally, we will also be discussing the proposed merger of MB Financial Inc. and Fifth Third Bancorp. This discussion may contain certain forward-looking statements about Fifth Third, MB Financial, or the combined entity pertaining to our financial condition, results of operations, plans and objectives. These statements also involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from historical performance and these statements. We have identified some of these factors in our forward-looking cautionary statements at the end of the earnings release and in other materials, and we encourage you to review them. We undertake no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. The subject matter discussed today is addressed in the proxy statements and prospectus filed with the SEC. We urge you to read it because it will contain important information. Information regarding the persons who may under the rules of the SEC be considered participants in the solicitation of shareholders of MB Financial Inc. in connection with the proposed transaction is set forth in the proxy statement and prospectus filed with the SEC.  Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures we reference during today’s conference call are included in our earnings release, along with other information regarding the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A copy of our most recent quarterly earnings release can be accessed by the public in the Investor Relations section of our corporate website, www.53.com.  This morning, I’m joined on the call by our President and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Operating Officer Lars Anderson; Chief Risk Officer Frank Forrest, and Treasurer Jamie Leonard. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call up for questions. Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.
Sameer Gokhale: Thanks Tayfun. Before we start Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up, and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have this morning. During the question and answer session, please provide your name and that of your firm to the operator.  Caitlin, please open the call up for questions.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay, well thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third Bank. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact the Investor Relations department, and we would be happy to assist you. Thank you.
Jamie Leonard: Maybe the only other factor, Geoffrey, is that the forecast does include some of the funding activity for the MB acquisition now post-announcement, which was May 21, so there are some funding costs in there.
Jamie Leonard: Yes Gerard, I would say that the DDA migration we experienced in the second quarter was perhaps more elevated than what we’ll see the rest of this year, in part because we did increase our earnings credits rates during the quarter, so the beta on the ECR was about 45%, so that allowed and created excess liquidity for our customers that permitted them to pursue alternative investment options to help generate better income for those companies. That was predominantly in the large corporate and mid-corporate space, and with that adjustment in our managed rates during the quarter, we feel really good about where our ECs are positioned competitively, so I would expect the migration to slow a bit as the Fed continues to raise rates. But to Tayfun’s point, if the Fed continues to raise rates and we get to a 3% terminal Fed funds rate, then certainly the DDA as a percent of the total will continue to go down, but I don’t think you’ll see that type of compression that we’ve experienced in the past year.
Jamie Leonard: Erika, it’s Jamie. We did pull forward in line with market expectation a rate hike that was previously expected in December to September in our current guide, and we did reduce the NII outlook predominantly driven by the commercial deposit migration and cost, but also inclusive of some wholesale funding activities related to the MB acquisition. But yes, you are reading that correctly. The one item I would clarify on our forecast, however, is that we do assume in the third quarter one month LIBOR to Fed funds, or OIS spread, compresses from the 16 or so basis points we experienced in the second quarter down to 8 basis points or so in the third quarter, and that’s a significant assumption that we would obviously do significantly better, given asset sensitivity and the C&I composition of the portfolio being heavily tied to one-month LIBOR. But each basis point of spread there is about a million dollars per quarter, so that is a significant assumption that is also in the outlook.
Jamie Leonard: I would say of the $30 million or so change in our outlook on NII, I would call it $25 million related to commercial deposits and $5 million related to wholesale funding activities.
Jamie Leonard: Matt, it’s Jamie. I think a good way to think of the revenue synergies is that it’s inclusive of customer attrition, just normal branch closure type of activity. When it comes to the actual loan book coming over, through due diligence and through the last two months of efforts since the deal’s been announced, we’re comfortable with the indirect portfolio that they have coming over and maintaining, but our revenue synergies don’t assume any significant changes to that book of business. The revenue synergies that are outlined on Slide 15, the first two categories really highlight what MB brings to the table in terms of our ability to link and leverage their products and experience, predominantly in the business banking and ABL and leasing, whereas the next three categories are more of what Fifth Third brings to the table. We just wanted to frame up where we see the opportunities on the combined business, and we’re confident in our ability to drive those synergies.
Jamie Leonard: John, the other question you had was the shared national credit balance. Our balance is actually down a couple billion over the last several quarters. It’s roughly $26 billion to date, and again as Lars said, the vast preponderance of those credits are tied to deep relationships and not credit only. We feel very good about it. From an asset quality perspective, the shared national credit portfolio has less than 3% criticized assets and continues to perform exceptionally well, and it diversifies our portfolio across the enterprise.
Jamie Leonard: And for Fifth Third specifically, the one item that you saw in the quarter is the LCR did increase as we begin to position the portfolio to greater allocation to level 1s as we prepare for MB’s balance sheet to come over, which at the deal announcement we said there would be some LCR dilution from the composition of their investment securities portfolio, so we will continue to migrate ours a little bit higher in advance of a first quarter close. 
Tayfun Tuzun: Also related to MB, they’re not much, but there are some trickling costs associated with the MB transaction, whether it’s in legal, etc., so that’s also impacting the expenses a little bit this year.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, so there is absolutely no change in the way we described the deal, the impact of the deal on our North Star targets. When we made the comment about the North Star initiatives coming to a conclusion here at the end of 2018, that comment was really related to the internal work that is going on to be able to introduce the products and services and also the expense initiatives, but we will see the impact of that effort throughout 2019, basically leading into our end of 2019 North Star target. Assuming that the transaction closes in the early part of 2019, then the full year of 2020 clearly has all the expenses that have been associated with the transaction itself, so that’s it. We’re not changing the impact of the North Star initiatives in terms of their timing, all we’re saying is that the effort to finish the work internally, whether it’s IT, whether it’s organizational design or whatever, are coming to a conclusion. That was the comment. It was not meant to be a comment on financial metrics.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, there is a couple of other line items in corporate. We are forecasting potentially a little bit in private equity gains here in a couple of transactions that we have, and obviously the improvements in--the current success in capital markets will continue, so that’s sort of--there’s a few other items, nothing big significant. We’re expecting pretty decent growth relative to the seasonal changes, so there’s nothing more than that.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, the MB Financial-related expenses are just trickling down. That is going to probably continue through the remainder of the year. There’s a little bit of an increase in technology expenses into the second half of the year, similar to our guidance before, and then we’re also expecting continued good business activity driving--you know, these strong capital markets and strong origination levels typically result in higher performance comp-related expenses, so that’s what’s driving it. We’re expecting since this headcount reduction is going to drive a more run rate number for the fourth quarter, we’re expecting that to be a little bit more stronger in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter, and then as I mentioned before, the marketing expenses clearly are going to drive the quarter-over-quarter change. We will be seeing a fairly sizeable increase in our third quarter marketing expense relative to the second quarter marketing expense.
Tayfun Tuzun: We clearly are intending to achieve efficiencies through those cost savings. We’re not going to use those entire savings in order to invest in the business. Our guidance of an efficiency ratio in the lower 50s in 2020 clearly shows that we intend to maintain a good chunk of those expense saves as our bottom line. Even excluding the MB transaction, we are expecting a pretty decent move in our efficiency ratio, which leads to the conclusion that we intend to keep a good amount of these savings. The other thing that I think needs to be realized is these investments in marketing are going to have an impact on revenue growth going forward, which obviously also positively impacts our efficiency ratio.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think you are right that when you look at the expenses this year with all the investment back into the company, we have seen a little bit higher expenses. We anticipate that our 2019 expense growth will be definitely below the levels that you’re seeing in 2018, and we would hope that it would be meaningfully so. The year-over-year change in total compensation expense of $80 million is close to a 2% number on our total expense base off of this year, so those types of actions are intended to slow down expense growth moving into 2019 and 2020, even before you take into account the expense saves associated with MB Financial.  It is a little bit too early to provide guidance for expenses in 2019, but as a management team, we are extremely focused in achieving a significantly lower expense growth in 2019.
Tayfun Tuzun: In terms of the coupon, John, it’s sort of between 4 and 4.5% in terms of production, so they are fairly close to where the portfolio yields are.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, with respect to the current year numbers, Scott, some of these are obviously a little bit elevated on an annual basis for 2018, so some of the incentive comp numbers, etc., are a little bit elevated beyond what the normal run rates would be. These are not all negatives as we look into 2019 and 2020. It’s important to consider that. Also in terms of year-over-year expense growth, when I was answering a previous question, the expense growth expectations into 2019 are clearly going to be below what we have here in 2018, and then revenue growth associated with both North Star initiatives and other investments, those are all baking into our performance targets for the end of next year and into 2020.
Tayfun Tuzun: So all of these are--I mean, I think we’ve been consistently raising these targets as we see our performance moving up, whether it’s due to some environmental factors such as tax rates or higher expectations on other efforts, and then now plus MB we are moving onto that 18-plus range in return on tangible capital, and then we’re raising our ROA guidance along those expectations.
Tayfun Tuzun: One comment on the marketing - a large majority of the marketing spend, Mike, is related to the retail deposit household growth. There is a portion that goes into credit cards, but a significant amount of those dollars actually are intended to generate retail consumer deposits and household growth.
Tayfun Tuzun: In terms of the sort of--if you look at it from a branch growth perspective, you’re looking at growing the branches in the key south markets by approximately 35 to 40%, so that’s the next two, three years worth of expansion.
Tayfun Tuzun: Chris, you have to realize that we’re talking about a two to three-year expansion, so at this point I think the expansion itself is not going to have an impact in this rate environment. We will update that for you as this continues, because obviously unlike branch closings, branch openings take a little bit longer, so let us wait and see how that process goes before we show you an impact on deposits.
Tayfun Tuzun: Well, Randy Quarles’ comments yesterday obviously have received some attention. We’re just going to have to wait and see whether there are any changes associated with LCR. Within his comments, he appeared to refer to liquidity measures. We’re just going to have to wait and see. 
Lars Anderson: Yes, to your point, the end of period was substantially impacted by two things. One, we had a very active and constructive capital markets that allowed us to leverage the investments we’ve made in our platform in investment banking and, frankly, monetize that, and that’s part of what helped us lead to a really exceptional capital markets quarter But let me remind you, we had a record quarter of production in corporate banking, we had a record quarter of growth in middle market outstandings, one of the highest production quarters that we’ve had in years in middle market banking. Our pipelines continue to be very strong. I think a lot of the economic environment, the tax reform and other geopolitical issues are very positive and have positioned us very well.  As I look at the third quarter as well as the second half of the year, I think we’re very well positioned. We selected industries, geographies, we’ve recruited talent and, frankly, have positioned ourselves, I think to accelerate our growth into the third quarter and beyond. I have a high level of confidence that we will be able to deliver, albeit the macroeconomic environment will need to cooperate. 
Lars Anderson: Yes, a couple things there. First of all, what we’re seeing in the corporate banking space is extremely aggressive - there’s no question about it, so we’re needing to be very selective. We shared with you our industry verticals, the new industry verticals which we have introduced where we tend to get outsized returns. We’re not just looking at it from a credit perspective, we look at it from a total relationship perspective - that’s our strategy, but I would tell you that largely the commercial originations that we’re seeing today, while they are under some pressure, largely reflect our overall portfolio that we have at our company. What we are being able to execute on, again getting back to relationship, is we told you we were going to make North Star investments in capital markets and other capabilities. We’re leveraging those successfully into that corporate banking space specifically. That’s helping to drive a record level, not just corporate lending activities but also capital market activities for our company.
Lars Anderson: Yes, one thing I would just add to that is the single largest driver of our commercial loan growth this quarter was core middle market, it was not corporate banking growth.
Lars Anderson: Maybe, Mike, one data point to help frame up the size of the opportunity in the southeast. We have roughly 300 financial centers in the southeast today that average about $35 million per branch in consumer deposits. The rest of our franchise, or if you look at the midwest, we have almost 900 branches and they average about $53 million in average deposits per branch, so it highlights the weakness of the network, the overall network in the southeast and what that opportunity might look like when you’re finished building out the network and what that consumer deposit book could grow to.
Greg Carmichael: Gerard, this is Greg. First off, on the geosciences front, some of the advancements that we’ve made in that area that we were recognized for, they do a great job of really assessing the market opportunities, where best to locate that branch based on business opportunities, consumer growth, directional trends, competition and so forth. It’s a very advanced model, so that gives us a high level of comfort when we go into these markets where to put those physical branches. The other thing I’ll mention is the branches we’re putting in are very different from the branches we’re closing - much more efficient branches, smaller real estate footprints, smaller square footage of the branch itself, lower staffing levels, and very highly automated when we go into these markets. But if you think about what we’ve accomplished, we solved the Chicago density issue with the MB Financial acquisition. We think a smart way to expand in the southeast is to build on the franchise that we currently have there through a de novo process, so repositioning 100 to 125 branches from higher density legacy markets where we can continue to serve our customers with less branches and reposition them into the southeast. We’re very comfortable we can continue growing households. Tayfun mentioned the marketing spend, increasing market spend. We’ve seen some great results on our investments in marketing. When you look at household growth over the last six quarters, we’ve added net 118,000 new households. Consumer deposits over the last six quarters, I think are up close to $3 billion, so we’ve been very successful. Our preferred banking platform is growing significantly, so we’re encouraged by what we’re able to accomplish. It’s really about repositioning and giving our southeast markets more opportunity to better serve their communities.
Greg Carmichael: This is Greg. I’m really pleased--as we get further into this transaction and discussions with MB Financial, we were extremely pleased with the talent that they have and our ability to bring together the best in class in our Chicago market, so part of the retention of these bankers starts with the leadership and our model in the Chicago market and how we’re going to run that business, starting with Mitch as the CEO of that business going forward. The senior commercial middle market banker from MB Financial will lead that market for us, so it starts from a retention perspective to find the leadership team, which we’ve done, and communicate out how we’re going to operate in that market. Also, the combined opportunities when we bring these two franchises together that can be leveraged across the market and the advanced capabilities we have in capital markets and so forth with our customer base, the capabilities to leverage their ABL and equipment financing in our core middle market on a national level, those things when you put it together are extremely attractive, I believe to the MB Financial team and to the Fifth Third team. So the environment that we’re creating in best in class to better serve our customers there and give our sales people and our teams more resources to offer into the marketplace, so that’s going very well. In addition to that, in key situations we have provided lock downs for those individuals through the transition and beyond to make sure that we have the right talent in place to lead the organization. But once again, I want to stress the key thing is our business model and combined best of breed talent in that marketplace, as I mentioned, a significant portion of the current MB Financial team will be in place from the combined perspective when we close this deal in a leadership role, so I think net-net we feel real comfortable. We haven’t really seen any concerns in that area yet. We’ve worked hard to get that right, we’ve worked to communicate effectively to all the MB Financial employees, as well as our own Chicago employees, which is extremely important, and we’ve done a nice job, I think. Mitch and his team have done a fantastic job of really putting their arms around the customer base.
Greg Carmichael: The only thing I would add to Tayfun’s comment there is we’ve been very successful, Mike, as we alluded to, growing households and it’s really across not just our legacy footprint but also in our high growth markets in the southeast. We’ve been very successful. We measure everything here, as you know, and when you look at the advanced analytics we’ve put in place and learning how best to market our opportunities and where we’ll get the best returns, we’ve tested that over the last year plus. It’s worked extremely well, and there’s a bigger ask there because there’s a bigger outcome there and opportunity for us. So we’ve decided to invest some resources, additional resources than planned to continue marketing at a higher level, given the success rate that we’ve already had, and you’re seeing that in our consumer deposit growth we’ve had over the last six quarters, as I mentioned earlier, and our household growth and especially our preferred banking platform, in the customer acceptance of that platform and what we’re seeing there from a growth perspective, so that’s positive. When we talk about repositioning in the southeast, obviously we’re going to continue to invest in our commercial business, especially core middle market. It’s extremely important to us, and we’re seeing, as Tayfun mentioned and then Lars reiterated, we’re seeing record performance in loan originations across our footprint, but especially in those markets also. But the investments we’re going to make to reposition our branch network is just thoughtful thinking about how best to serve our customers and grow our business, and as you know, coming out of the crisis we hadn’t invested heavily into those higher growth southeast markets coming off of some acquisitions. We think the smart way of growing that is being additive to those markets, using some of the advanced analytics that we have to place those branches, a much smaller footprint of branch, a higher automated branch, a lower cost branch in those markets to better serve the consumer-based customers there, and the business banking customers.
Greg Carmichael: Obviously the Carolinas, the Georgia, Atlanta area, northern wedge. You’ve got to look at Tennessee and Nashville in particular, parts of Florida are where the opportunities sit for us.
Greg Carmichael: No, we have branches in all those areas I mentioned before, we’re just once again not the level of density that we need, I think to better serve that market and create more leverage of our products and services and marketing spend in those markets. So it just goes back to markets like Nashville, there’s additional branches necessary in Nashville. If you look at Atlanta, once again the northern wedge of Atlanta, we’ve got 38, 40 branches there. There’s more needed to support those communities, so it’s just being thoughtful how best to grow in those markets from a retail perspective and a business baking perspective is what we’re looking at.
Greg Carmichael: We would like to grow significantly. I think we can grow significantly in those markets and take market share in the southeast markets, based on the teams we have in place, our capabilities, and what we’ve seen with some of the advancements that we’ve made, our marketing capabilities, and the products and services that we offer. So we think we can take share, we can even grow the deposit base at a disproportionate level than our legacy markets, and we think we’re well positioned to do that. We’ve just got to be smart about how we add to it, but it’s really going to be a balanced mix.
