Tayfun Tuzun: Ken, I think with the flat investment portfolio and the 2% year-over-year growth, earning assets will grow. It’s probably going to be closer to sort of 1% type number as the average the two dollar items.
Tayfun Tuzun: So on fees Geoffrey, as we indicated before, we were not expecting much of a lift in 2017. These initiatives are underway, some of them will come to their final phases this year. For example, the mortgage system will go online the fourth quarter of this year, there are others on the capital market side. We are gradually executing that includes potential insurance etcetera. So our expectations with respect to fee income were focused on growth in 2018 and beyond. We have significant investments in our credit card and personal lending areas that would be encouraging both from a fee side as well as the balance sheet side in 2018 and 2019. So, my overall comment is whether it’s NII or fee income, in 2017, you are seeing the results of what we have done so far through the end of 2016. On the expense side, we clearly have started executing some of the expense initiatives earlier in 2016. Now if you include some of the exit strategies in commercial in 2017, those are more negative than positive for NII as you can imagine from – just the pure 2017 calendar year perspective. So that’s why some of the 2017 guidance appears to be a bit more muted, but we are pretty optimistic as we look forward into ‘18 and ‘19.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, the mortgage income we expect the origination income to be 10% to 15% above I think we said last year’s levels. And that’s purely obviously was just an impact of interest rates actually in mortgage a number of our efforts as we get closer to year-end will boost our ability to support a higher origination level. We just need to manage that transition period between higher interest rates and our new system coming online in an efficient manner.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah so without necessarily giving a precise guidance on total provision dollars, I would point out that this quarter’s provision as lower due to one significantly lower commercial charge off dollar number and two, the EOP over EOP declined in loan balances. So as loan balances grow, you clearly are going to – with these releases of growth in that line item and then Frank just talked about overall in terms of charge-off expectations. So I wouldn’t necessarily take the $28 million commercial charge-off and project that over the entire year on a quarterly basis which will guide your provision expectations a little bit.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think we gave some indication as to how we go from the current level – I think the number that we’re looking for 2016 in terms of core ROTCE is probably about 10%. So, - and we will take you and I think we’ve given you some examples as to how that 10% gets to 12% to 14% and the combination of expense saves, balance sheet – and fee income growth. And Mike we will continue to clarify that path as we execute these initiatives. But obviously the current environment, it materializes whether it’s with respect to interest rates or the tax rates, our expectation is that we would clearly be closer to the upper range of that guidance because we clearly stated that we would reach the lower range of our guidance with no rate increases and a meaningful change in the environment.
Tayfun Tuzun: I mean I think I don’t have the exact sort of necessarily split in terms of the revenue pick-ups in front of me right now, but you will start seeing those lifts as we get near the end of this year. The few areas where I think it will be more visible clearly personal lending will be one. I think as we sort of finalize the analytical investments in credit card lending, you will start seeing that in 2018. I think you will start seeing capital markets, you will also in addition to that seeing the impact of sort of the exits this year of $1.5 billion left will be coming to an end, so that will provide a built-in improvement in loan growth into 2018. So those are all pointing to a pretty good 2018, but we will continue to provide more details as this year goes on.
Tayfun Tuzun: I don’t have that number right in front of me, Kevin but we will again just give us some time and we will quantify that.
Frank Forrest: Hey, this is Frank. Good question. We’ve had very consistent asset quality results in this year and back in 2016. And again, our focus has been on deliberately changing the risk part of the balance sheet, as you know had a significant number of de-risking activities both on the consumer and the commercial side of the portfolio. We don’t have a significant energy book, it’s very small so we’ve not really had any losses of any size there. Our commercial real-estate book’s performing really well and it’s limited and it’s capped at 15% from a concentration limit of our total book which is lower than our peers. We have a larger midcap book into large cap that is primarily investment grade and it’s performed exceptionally well. The other thing to consider relative to NPLs we reported $660 million NPLs for the year, 72 basis points, 31% of that number are tied to energy and they’re tied to reserve based loans which are very well secure. And the loss profile on that portfolio is roughly 2% max in our opinion, that’s far lower than what you would typically see in an NPL portfolio with substandard loans that generally as a portfolio have anywhere from 10% to 15%-20% loss. So again, the profile of that portfolio by the NPLs the balance sheet management composition of our assets we believe is well diversified and that does very well and we expect in 2017 that are credit losses as Tayfun said should be range bound but should be down for what we reported this year which was 39 basis points at an enterprise level.
Frank Forrest: So you have the numbers are roughly – on the C&I side we will see growth – on the commercial side, we will see continued growth in construction, so that will be one source of growth just on a year-over-year basis. We clearly will see some moderate growth in leasing and we expect to see growth in credit card outstandings on a Q4-over-Q4 level and relative stability may be little bit of growth in mortgage as well. And then you also have the positive impact of our GreenSky partnership which we said would produce about $90 million to $100 million growth on a quarterly basis.
Frank Forrest: On a core basis, no. On that base, we will have growth I mean we’re clearly are not taking our guidance down to $510 million for the first quarter. And I think we need to get you a little bit more detail. We are expecting sort of stable to moderate growth in so our processing income, deposit fees should be stable. We guided for stability I think in corporate banking overall and wealth and asset management should be stable to moderate growth because there are some seasonal factors there that support Q1 growth. The bigger change clearly will be in other sort of non-interest income – other fees which includes the $33 million impact from TRA payments.
Frank Forrest: No I’m not guiding full year mortgage guidance, I’m basically guiding 10% to 15% and I’m talking only about sort of the – if we give guidance, we’re only giving guidance over just for the origination of fees and we’re saying that the origination fees should be 10% to 15% lower than what we saw in the fourth quarter of this year.
Frank Forrest: $65 million includes the MSR gains, so I’m not giving guidance on MSR, I’m only giving guidance on just the – of these which is about $30 million or so.
Frank Forrest: And then you have basically the servicing fees, the servicing assets, amortization etcetera, that would make up the rest of the mortgage revenue line item.
Frank Forrest: The only thing that I would point out Mike is that we are not providing – there is a mortgage line item that we’re not providing there. So you need to include that in your numbers and just to make sure that we’re all on the same page, the basis that we’re using for that is $3.64 billion of net interest income in 2016, about $2.4 billion number for fees in 2016 and about a $3.9 billion non-interest expense in 2016. So, yes I mean we’re giving you a very clear guidance on the percentages.
Frank Forrest: Well I’m not giving you mortgage guidance so therefore I don’t think I can answer your question. But just sufficed to say that we are expecting positive operating leverage and wherever our efficiency ratio ends up, you need to subtract 3% from that to make it comparable to our peer group statistics.
Frank Forrest: It’s in that number that regarding to the 1% includes some of the savings associated with the North Star initiatives or the number would be higher than that from an expense growth perspective. So we’re taking to the savings and reapply those savings into the investment and also take some of that into the bottom line.
Frank Forrest: I think that’s right. I think you’re pretty close, again, obviously interest rates will play a role because there’s 1.5% difference in NII growth based upon what you’re assuming. For the full year, yes, I just – we gave you some guidance on Q1 numbers because of some timing changes, Q1 will be a high point and then we would expect to go down from that level, but your full assumption is pretty close.
Frank Forrest: Matt you’re going to have to be a bit patient with us. We will give you guidance, but today, we’re giving 2017 guidance. We will provide more color on ‘18 and ‘19 as the year progresses.
Frank Forrest: Yeah it’s not a hedging mismatches, but the timing between great loss and lower funding is always from a quarter to quarter may create some volatility. In general, in this environment, we should not expect sort of the three plus percent type margins and we will probably come inside that as – there’s nothing unique in terms of our business, but more reflective of what’s going on in the sector.
Frank Forrest: This is Frank. Let me just add to that on the, if you look historically on the credit side as Greg said, we’ve had more volatility than our peers probably to go back over the last 15 years. We’ve been very deliberate of the – intentional and very disciplined in changing that and you’ve seen the results of that already over the last 24 months and that will continue. We’re going to do an outstanding job of balancing risk and rewards, we’re not in the business just moving off assets off balance sheet, we’re in a business of evaluating credit, getting paid for the risk, picking the right clients and managing the book in an appropriate manner. Our goal is to be not only good to the cycle, our goal is to help perform our peers through the cycle so that we do have a competitive advantage when we get to the other side of the cycle. Historically, that’s not what we played, we played with a much higher elevated level of criticized assets as you know, that’s no longer the case at all. And we are now well positioned, confident that we can perform not only exceptionally well through the cycle, but we can do it at a competitive advantage that will benefit the company for the long-run.
Frank Forrest: I think if you talk – first off, we have a great business model, we have the right businesses that we are in, we do a fantastic job of going to the market and our people do a fantastic job going in the market really as one bank Fifth Third. It’s really about harvesting the pool relationships or the customer relationships on the consumer side, on the commercial side. It’s about providing the right products and services to our customers and really be the one bank our customers most value and trust. We worked hard to put that model in place across our franchise. So we feel very good about that. And really our strong brand and our footprint is extremely important to us and we’re going to continue to focus on our brand equity in the marketplace. But when you look at it across the board, we have strong earnings capacity, we have a great team in place, we’ve invested heavily in the right products. We’ve made some strategic moves recently that positions well for the future and I think we have the products, the services and the team to deliver on that in the market.
Greg Carmichael: John the only comment I’ll make and let Lars give some color on is, it’s roughly $1.2 billion of the $3.5 billion that we talked about exits expected in our credit hurdles or our return hurdles $1.2 billion that was in the fourth quarter. If you exclude the $3.5 billion, we would have been up 7% year-over-year on end of period basis on commercial loans. I’ll let Lars add a little bit color there.
Greg Carmichael: If you look at a lot of initiatives Matt, the – whether it’d be mortgage system or end to end commercial restructuring or small business platform and the investments that we’re making some of the strategic initiatives with respect to the FinTech space in businesses like GreenSky, a lot of the revenue components of that really start to show up at the end of 2017 into 2018 and expense opportunities associated with North Star we’re seeing some of that benefit in this year to help pay for some of those investments. But more than revenue side of the house, the fee side of the house it really starts to show up at 2018 and 2019.
Greg Carmichael: Yes, that’s given the macro environment in a no additional rate increases, we’ll be at the lower end of our 12% to 14% ROTCE range. If we get a better economic environment, we get an improved rate environment, we’d hope to be at the higher end of that range.
Greg Carmichael: This is Greg, I’ll take the first one. First off, you think about 2017, you look at our strategic portfolio, we did a nice job in 2016 in growing the strategic portfolio. We anticipate and expect to grow that portfolio 4% to 5% in 2017. If the economy improves, we get some of the expectations that are out there right now, so to materialize right now I would categorize our customer base is – optimism right now, there’s a lot of opportunity I think it’s believed to be out there until we start to see some of these investments we have made, some of the changes taken place. We hopefully will capitalize that, we’re well positioned with our regional model to take advantage of that, especially in that middle market space. In addition to that, with our investments in our vertical strategies, we’re well positioned to take advantage of any upside in the economic environment. As we mentioned before, from a non-strategic perspective, there’s still roughly $1.5 billion we will push out this year, but even with that expectation, we expect to grow the balance sheet modestly, but with some upside in the economy we would hope to be even more robust.
Greg Carmichael: The first thing is when you look at – when you think about how we’re going to run this business, it’s really about being good through the various business cycles. We want consistency of earnings, quality of earnings and the right return on our balance sheet and that’s we put the expectations out with respect to the range of ROTCE, ROA, or efficiency. We’re going to be a very well run bank consistently managing our balance sheet, the profitability, and quality if we go through the cycle and we believe that that gets rewarded over time consistently. And we believe if we achieve those objectives that we put in place from a financial perspective, that will make us the top performing bank and give us the currency we need to continue to do strategic opportunities in the future.
James Leonard: Yeah this is Jamie, on your second question regarding capital deployment, I think as you know, we do have some capital poised to be deployed in the form of the TRA quarterly options. That’s about $170 million over ‘17 and ‘18 on our pre-tax proceeds basis that will most likely be deployed each quarter going forward that would obviously increase our payout ratio and then in terms of how we’re managing capital. Clearly, we have had a nice capital build that we’re pleased with and that certainly provides us flexibility, but as we sit here today, we still don’t have the instructions, the economic environment for this year’s CCAR. So until we see that, we think it’s a little premature to dictate what the payout ratios will be. However, it is nice to have a little dry powder there if the regulatory provides us with that opportunity, and I think the number most folks would like to hear would be for running of that 10-4 level of what would payout ratios be if we were to maintain a 10% common equity Tier 1 and for us to put you in the 80% to 90% payout ratio before the TRAs. So certainly some upside there, but again, it’s a little premature.
James Leonard: Marty it’s Jamie, I’ll take that one. On the deposit betas, what we experienced on the move in December of 2015 was a beta that started off high single digits, but by June over that six month period, we experienced about a 15% beta. So, on the move that just occurred on December of 2016, we’re assuming a 20% beta and we believe each successive rate hike you’ll see slightly higher betas along with shorter lags in the repricing so that if we were to get a June move, we model a 25% beta and if were to get a move after that whether it’s September or December, we model a 50% beta and we do expect lower betas in the consumer space and higher betas in the commercial space, you’ll just have a higher percentage of index to count in that line of business. And as you said, as a reminder, our interest rate disclosures do model a linear 70% deposit beta.
James Leonard: Yeah I think you saw our recent dividend increase which is one sign of our confidence in our earnings trajectory as well as our ability to increase that dividend. But I think the one point of clarification when you look at our payout ratios for 2016 is that we have the TRA transactions that are included in those net income denominators. So it makes the payout ratios look a little muted. That TRA gain came in two parts, one was a gain that we did deploy and a buyback of $75 million in the third quarter, but the other gain that we had was $170 million pre-tax gain in 2016 that is deployed or able to be deployed in 2017 or 2018 if the proceeds are received from Vantiv in the quarterly options. So if you factor in or take that out of the denominator for 2016, our payout ratios are actually higher in the 70% range in total as well as the dividend payout ratio I think it was around 31% or so and I think given our earnings capacity as Greg referred to along with our desire to maintain the dividend payout ratio in that 30% may be little bit north of 30% level and I think we have some capacity in the future to deploy that if the board were so inclined.
