Greg Carmichael: Thanks Tayfun. In closing, 2016 is an important transition year for our company. We are investing in our businesses and infrastructure to improve the returns to our shareholders beyond the near-term and to grow our company profitably through this cycle with lower volatility. We will continue to manage and grow our exposures prudently, especially in recognition of the current volatility. And we look forward to sharing our progress with you throughout the year. With that, Juana, please open the lines for questions.
Greg Carmichael: Thanks, Erika. First off, when you look at these investments, as Tayfun mentioned, they are very short-term returns. So, we are very committed to these investments and executing well against these investments both from an efficiency perspective and from a revenue opportunity. That’s why we are making those investments. At the end of the day, when you look at our long-term view and efficiency ratio in the mid-50, sub-60 is extremely important to us and we are never going to lose sight of that to get back to that level. We believe these investments being made now and early executed well will allow us to move in that direction sooner than later.
Greg Carmichael: Okay. Well, let’s move to the next one and then we will take Paul’s question later when he comes back.
Greg Carmichael: The only thing I would add, Matt, is when you look at these investments, especially around risk and compliance and associated investments in technology and supporting those initiatives, we also expect to continue to see improvement in our operational losses. For our losses, legal reserves and so forth would naturally be an outcome we expect to get and are going to work hard to make sure we realize those benefits also as we go into 2017.
Greg Carmichael: Matt, this is Greg. First off, it probably won’t go to zero. We got a few key clients that are U.S. centric that we have a strong relationship with, ancillary business that we are going to continue to manage and do business with. So but you are going to expect, it will be down significantly from the – even the 300 mark on a relatively short period of time, but it will never go to zero right now.
Greg Carmichael: So, just to clarify the 4% to 5% growth is based on the 2015 base adjusting for roughly $700 million in Vantiv-related gains, which includes the warrant mark to market throughout the year. So you are looking at basically about a $2.3 billion base in 2015, so the growth is off of that number.
Greg Carmichael: So what we are looking at is growth in capital markets, which I think Lars will provide some color on with all of our investments in added talent, we are expecting good amount of growth. I think we are expecting growth in our payments business, our payments processing should continue to give us added revenues based on our outlook. Mortgage, excluding the unpredictable MSR performance and at this point, based upon our interest rate outlook, we have to realize the tenures under 2% right now which may change some of these expectations. But under more normalized credit outlook, we would be about at the same place we were in 2015. We are expecting growth in our private banking and investment advisory business. We have done very well, that’s been based on fairly stable sources of income. But the larger growth is expected to come from capital markets and I will turn it over to Lars for comments on that.
Greg Carmichael: Dave, we will continue looking at that opportunity. As we have demonstrated over the past, we have been very prudent on how and the timing of when we execute those opportunities, as you saw us execute in the fourth quarter very succinctly. So, there are opportunities there. We are evaluating it. And once again, we will continue to look at that through the eyes of what’s best for our shareholders.
Greg Carmichael: But put to that end, we have communicated that our intention is to continue to sell down our position at Vantiv and we are going to do that in a very thoughtful methodical manner.
Greg Carmichael: And Frank, one additional thing I would add is 100% of those NPLs are in the oilfield services. They are not in midstream. They are not in our reserve-based lending portfolio.
Greg Carmichael: Yes. And I would also note that the number of age-ended SNC credits increased on a linked quarter basis also.
Greg Carmichael: And Mike that’s $75 million, this is Greg, included the technology associated with the risk and compliance investments.
Greg Carmichael: No, I just want to clarify this. Total expenses related to risk and compliance, which includes compensation and IT, is about $75 million. Total increase in IT is roughly, let’s say, $60 million, $65 million. Of that, there is a portion of those already in risk and compliance, which is roughly I think if I am not mistaken, $20 million type. So, there is another $40 million in IT in addition to the $20 million that goes to risk, which adds up to the $60 million type increase in IT expenses in the year.
Greg Carmichael: And then the $25 million is the FDIC related. And then also there is some expected numbers around the early retirement that we have included in our guidance. So, when you add them all up and that’s why we are optimistic about the beyond 2016 growth because some of – a number of those will not show up as a year-over-year increase once we get to the end of 2016.
Greg Carmichael: Mike, I would really as we said before this is a transition. We do see those unique opportunities and we know how to implement technology. Every investment we are making in technology and when you just heard the numbers, we are really focused on either driving efficiencies that we are going to get paid for in short order, a whole branch digitalization or new mortgage loan platform, mobile enhancements fraud detection, those type of things we are going to get paid for in 2017. In addition to that, the focus on driving revenue, revenue in the near-term that will materialize as we go through into 2016 and into 2017, a very meaningful to the health of our business. And then on the compliance side of the house, we have to make those investments and that really gets focused on the quality of everything we do and we should see the benefit of that as I mentioned earlier, we expect to lower legal reserves, lower operational losses that we absolutely are expecting a little model wind to 2017 as we move into those years. But they are extremely important investments. We are going to make those investments, it is transformational and we will get paid well for those. And as we move into 2017, you will see those outcomes.
Greg Carmichael: So look, I mean I think again if the world plays out the way we laid it out, we would expect to exit 2016 in the low-60s type efficiency ratio. So assuming that we are correct, that we can actually hit the peaks in a number of these large expense items throughout 2017, we have a good chance to take the efficiency ratio down even further from that.
Frank Forrest: Hi, this is Frank. Good question. Our – first off, our non-performing assets were up 5 basis points to 70 basis points. That’s still at a low point for us over the past 7 years to 8 years and it compares very favorably to our peers. We are down 12 basis points year-over-year or $97 million overall. The increases that we saw were a couple of energy credits that are quite frankly are just making their way through the restructuring process, which is to be expected. And then it was really just spread over a number of smaller middle market credits on a couple of leveraged credits, so there was nothing there that jumped out as far as sectors. We do look at high yield spreads, there is clearly a correlation between high yield spreads and future loan losses on the commercial sector and we follow that and they are going up both on the energy side and outside of the energy side. So, we will continue to monitor and watch that over time. But our performance overall, the core of our middle market book, the mid cap book and the large cap book is still performing very, very well outside of energy, to answer your question, with no really discernible trends either in geography or products that are cause for concern at this time. So, our intent is up like everybody else. We are looking at a lot of leading indicators. We are managing credit very closely. But at this point, we still feel good overall about our portfolio for the year. As you recall, we had one outlier in the third quarter, which was a large student loan that was made back in 2007 that we restructured and rode off. But if you exclude that one large problem loan, our charge-offs for the year for the entire company were very tightly ranged between 34 basis points and 41 basis points, so very predicable. And at this point, we have only $22 million in NPAs and the energy sector that could change, but at this point, it’s 1.3% of the energy book. So, I hope that’s responsive to your question.
Frank Forrest: It was about 25% of the ultimate increase in the NPAs, almost everything else was spread out amongst middle market loans.
Frank Forrest: The percentage of the portfolio, I will give it to you in two numbers. The percentage of the portfolio that will be classified, which I think is the more meaningful number, which is the definition of a problem loan from our regulatory teams is 22%. Our criticized assets on top of that would be a total of 36%. The criticize includes loans that have potential credit weaknesses that are not well defined and they are considered a problem loan. So, 22% of our books is the way we look at it is problematic in some form of another. It doesn’t mean we are going to lose money. But by definition, the problematic 70% is not. I don’t have the exact percentage of what’s investment grade in our portfolio. However, when you look at the distribution of the energy books, as Tayfun said it’s $1.7 billion in outstandings, it’s 2% of total loans, 44% of it is reserve-based and 18% is oilfield services. Those two categories make up 97% of our criticized assets. So, that’s where the focus is. You take the other 36% is basically an upstream and midstream, which didn’t perform very, very well and there is a fairly high percentage of those that are investment grade, but I don’t have the exact percentage of those.
Frank Forrest: Yes, they are. Again, we feel very good as a senior secured lender with the exposure we have in the reserve-based portfolio. And that is the bulk actually is criticized assets. When you look at where there is potential loss, it would be on the oilfield services, it’s only a $300 million portfolio at the end of the day. There is about 25% of that, that’s distressed at this point in time, which is a very small number relative to the size of our book and the size of our capital.
Frank Forrest: The other point on the – this comes up I think each quarter, I think the other point that percentage is a fairly high percentage. However, that portfolio has a better asset quality composition than our overall portfolio. It’s predominantly investment grade, near investment grade has performed very, very well overall for us for a long period of time. We underwrite every loan for an account. We don’t buy blind from anybody. We have senior bankers, most of which have come from the major money setter banks in the last two to three years both in credit and on the line and we underwrite every one of those credits that’s on an account and therefore it’s performing very, very well.
Frank Forrest: Well, I will start with the second part of your question. And frankly, I do not see developing concerns at this point. In fact, the manufacturing sector continues to be very strong. The credit metrics of that profile continue to look like what we have seen over the past couple of years. They are generating high profits on a relative basis, historic basis, generating excess liquidity. I think that did lead to some of the decline in the utilization rates that we saw at the end of the quarter. I would tell you that in the southern part of our franchise, the Georgia’s, Florida’s and even into Florida to some extent, those markets look good as well as Michigan we began to see some recovery as well as North Carolina.
Frank Forrest: Yes. The reserves that we have in place today are based on the current condition of the portfolio. If it goes down to $25 for a sustained period of time, then those reserves will go up. I can’t tell you at this point what number that will go up, because they are not correlated directly. But certainly, they would go up if we have a continued sustained decrease in oil, but that’s based on where we are today, which is what we have to use for GAAP accounting.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. This is Tayfun, Erika. So, we have – as we have done over the past, I think 3 years, we have asked and obtained approval to convert after-tax net gains on share sales into buybacks. So, the portion of the gains from direct after-tax gains, are eligible for buybacks and that’s indicative of the size of the buyback that we executed this year. The warrant gains whether they are through sales of the warrants or whether they are through mark-to-market or not, they are not part of it, because they are just a mark-to-market. And then the TRA transaction which generated $49 million in gains also is not part of our CCAR application. We clearly will be reviewing our perspectives on these types of transactions in the upcoming CCAR process and we will update you as to our thoughts when we are ready to do that for you.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. Let me make a comment on the early retirement and then I will turn it over to Jamie for the FDIC comment. The early retirement, we are just still in the process. We don’t know exactly what the exact numbers are, Matt. So, we will give you an update at the end of the quarter on that as we still need to go through the process.
Tayfun Tuzun: Let me take it and then I will turn it over to Greg for broader comments on the directions. In terms of the individual items, we shared with you the risk and compliance-related increase. As we discussed, we expect that increase to flatten and it is clearly our goal to closely look at all of our expense adds there, look at all the processes and look for opportunities to reengineer some of these processes and include some technological solutions which we believe are possible. It’s typical to yet estimate what that impact would be. In terms of the low income housing piece, I can tell you that our estimated year-over-year increase in that line item is about $30 million from ‘15 into ‘16. So, that we will update you and we will see if the activity level and the economics in that portfolio would continue in that direction. It’s difficult to estimate that at this point. So, as we are exiting 2016, as we look ahead assuming the two rate increases that we built into our forecast on the revenue side assuming that we hit the non-interest income growth that we shared with you, we would be exiting this year at a lower efficiency ratio compared to the first half of the year. I mean, we will be moving towards low 60s, there is no question based on this outlook.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. I am going to give you a brief response and will turn it over to Lars Anderson to give his perspectives on loan growth, especially on the commercial side. Overall, as you know, our total loan portfolio has done pretty well especially with strength in commercial. On the consumer side with deliberate actions on auto loan portfolio, we have clearly experienced the lower growth rate in the past year or two and we are projecting that into 2016 as we are not seeing changes in economic conditions. But in return, we are spending – our retail and consumer loan teams are spending quite a bit of time in moving the direction in home equity loans and credit cards up. And we are confident that some of these strategic and tactical moves will improve growth rates in those two portfolios. Now, we have always been cautious in terms of guiding the market for loan growth, as we do believe that in general our sector over a long period of time should match GDP growth. But clearly, in interim periods, we will have strategic actions to go over that. And so with that I am going to turn it over to Lars because I think he has good feedback and color on those actions what we are thinking about the commercial loan portfolio.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. I just want to remind you that when we sold our shares, the stock price was at $52. They are down to $42, despite the fact that our share price has moved down, theirs been as well. So it’s always a relative perspective on just particularly the relationship between the two stock prices.
Tayfun Tuzun: But when you add up those numbers, those are very big numbers that you can see in most of that growth guidance, Mike. So, I mean, I guess what we are telling you is that we clearly are looking for efficiencies elsewhere in order to be able to fund some of these investments.
Tayfun Tuzun: $75 million includes the technology portion of risk and compliance. On top of that, we have additional non-risk and compliance strategic investments. So, $75 million is just -- the total – the $75 million is the increase related to total expenses in risk and compliance, compensation plus technology.
Tayfun Tuzun: We expect our IT expenses to go up by 25%, which is roughly $60 million, so the difference would be everything else that we do.
Tayfun Tuzun: And Mike, I also want to remind you I have mentioned this during my script, about $30 million of that expense increase is related to the increased amortization in our low income housing investments, so you need to add that as well.
