Chris Doll: Thank you, Prince. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today, we'll be discussing our financial results for the third quarter of 2019. Please review the cautionary statements on materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain reconciliations to non-GAAP measures along with information pertaining to the use of non-GAAP measures as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. We undertake no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. This morning, I'm joined by our President and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Operating Officer, Lars Anderson; Chief Risk Officer, Frank Forrest; and Treasurer, Jamie Leonard. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call up for questions. Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.
Chris Doll: Thanks, Tayfun. Before we start Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have a lot at this morning. During the question-and-answer period, please provide your name and that of your firm to the operator. Prince, please open the call up for questions.
Chris Doll: Thank you, Prince, and thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact the IR department, and we will be happy to assist you.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. Thanks, Matt, for your question. Just the MB comparison also need to take into account the fact that we will have four quarters with MB expense base versus three quarters in 2019. So I just want to point that out. And obviously, the MB picture is intact and we will deliver those cost savings. In terms of the drivers of the expense page that we are now looking at as we are building our 2020 plan, the tech investments clearly are underway. I think we’ve done quite a bit to improve our infrastructure and focus on customer-facing tools this year that will continue into next year. Our expansion plans, whether it’s related to retail expansion in the Southeast, which is mostly financed by closing branches in the North as well as prudent geographic expansion in commercial, we are still keen on moving on because those are our long-term growth drivers and we’ve had good success in the efforts over the past two years. Having said that, I think those decisions, the incremental investment decisions will be made with the environment in the background. And we also look to improve the productivity of the existing expense base. When you think about it, we had about a $4.4 billion total expense base on an annual basis. About $2.3 billion of that is in headcount-related expenses. That’s salaries, benefits and other headcount expenses. So we need to make sure that we get the productivity out of that expense base appropriately, and that should continue to provide some ability to fund those incremental expansions from savings on the expense [indiscernible] $0.5 billion of that $4.4 billion total expense base is in equipment and occupancy, and we continue to focus on efficiencies there. And about $400 million of that is in pure IT cost, away from headcount-related IT cost. So these areas still will give us the opportunity to look for efficiencies as we continue to prudently and selectively invest in the company. But the revenue growth is strong, and we believe that despite the fact that we will have challenges associated with the rate environment, the fee-based and the diversified product and service offerings will continue to support that revenue growth into 2020. So that’s the color that I can give you today. But again, we’ve been very focused on positive operating leverage over the past two, three years. And that’s still in our minds as we are building the 2020 plan.
Tayfun Tuzun: Well, Gerard, it’s a difficult question to answer because clearly, there is going to be dependence upon what the economic scenarios are and how each portfolio is growing because as many banks have said and we’re seeing the same thing, clearly, the pressure on the commercial side is much less compared to the mortgage side and the consumer side. And also there are different – as you consider the full life of that product, there are different phases that are governed by the economic scenario outlook for the first few years and then there is a regression back to normal and then back to normal historically. So it is difficult to answer. We are still working on finalizing the models. And I’ll be able to give obviously a lot more clarity as we move into the first quarter. But I think there is a decent chance that provisions will go up based upon where that growth is coming from relative to today.
Tayfun Tuzun: Today, it’s very early to be able to give you that perspective, Peter. The difference between the run rate just with respect to the MB portfolio from the fourth quarter to the first quarter is about $20 million. So on a run rate basis – because on a run rate, about $65 million – 255 million divided by 4 gives you about a $65 million to $70 million type of number. And then we’re going from 80% realization to 100% realization. And then our first quarter is always the high quarter because we have the VC numbers and the FICO numbers, all that stuff. So let us wait a little longer to give you that color. But as I said, we are very focused on making sure that we deliver the right expense numbers for next year given the background on the revenue side.
Tayfun Tuzun: Well, we will have to wait for more clarity throughout the quarter. And I’m hesitant to give you more guidance at this time. But what I pointed out to was that from a pure CECL impact perspective, the current methodology does not provide a mechanism to convert a non-PCI discount into the CECL reserve number. That really is more of the impact on a day one basis. But let’s wait until the first quarter so that we can give you a bit more clarity on that.
Tayfun Tuzun: So the loan book stands at about $1.4 billion. Clearly, incremental growth this year came in lower than we expected because the prepayments in the portfolio are overwhelming a preset level of originations. If you remember going two years ago, when we first announced the partnership, we thought by now we would be at $2 billion, which was the back-end goal. And so in terms of the portfolio metrics, credit is behaving as we expected and the margins are behaving as we expected and the margins are behaving as we expected. And the company clearly announced a period of time in which they will be evaluating different strategies and we are waiting for that. And depending upon in what direction they choose to go, we will make our own decisions based on how we see those loans benefiting our balance sheet. So I think there’s still probably some questions that need to be answered because – before we can give you a clearer direction on GreenSky levels.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. So I think the trajectory of the revenue outlook we gave you some perspective on our margin expectations in 2020, a 5 basis point difference depending upon when and how much the Fed decides to cut, if they decide to cut. But we still expect a decent level of fee income growth. We’ve seen good income growth this year in fees, and the investment should continue to provide support for better fee income growth going forward than our – in the last couple of years. And I’m very hesitant to give you more clarity than that in terms of the revenue side, and we will manage the expenses accordingly. And I think we are very focused on making sure that the expense base does not move away from us as we look at that revenue trend. And our teams are very focused, and we have about six weeks to eight weeks in front of us here to finalize our plan, and we are optimistic that we will be able to provide good guidance to you guys in January. In terms of what the market was expecting, the – what we guided in July, it’s playing out for the second half of the year, very much in line with our guidance. The NIM, it came down a little bit more than we expected based on the rate movements. But in terms of the revenues, we had a great third quarter obviously, and that is capturing pretty much what we expected from the second half. And with the mortgage seasonality upon us moving from third quarter to fourth quarter, it is difficult to build upon this very strong third quarter in fee income and project even higher fee income in the fourth quarter. So we’re mindful of that, and a couple of transactions on the capital markets side and advisory side came in, in the third quarter. But in general, our outlook was strong for the second half of the year, and we are now actually showing a very strong second half performance.
Tayfun Tuzun: Our NIM results, actually, Erika, when you look at the cumulative change in NIM this year, we are ahead of our peers. I mean it’s been a very, actually, very good performance for the first three quarters of this year when you look at it on a cumulative basis. Also when you look at it, as people are guiding now for the fourth quarter and the way we are guiding for the fourth quarter, in 2019, NIM performance is very strong.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. Good question. So when you think about the portfolios that are driving a higher percentage of CECL reserves, Residential Mortgage, we have, at this time and probably in the near to medium term, have no plans to grow the Residential Mortgage book. Home equity loans have been in decline now for a number of years. That’s another portfolio that is carrying a high percentage. And then sort of other consumer loans, inclusive of GreenSky loans, also carries a higher percentage. So those – all those three portfolios will probably display a relatively lower growth rate compared to other loans on our books. And commercial, clearly being our largest portfolio, getting back to a more normalized level of commercial loan growth would indicate that perhaps that day one percentage would be overstating the incremental impact on reserves.
Tayfun Tuzun: Everything else being equal, including the economic scenarios that are being applied to that is a reasonable assumption.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. Good question, Marty. The $300 million per quarter is probably a good directional guidance. What we did was, as you remember, at the beginning of this year, we were thinking that we would probably be going towards a 9%-type capital number, but we chose to actually be at the upper end of our target, at more like 9.5%. So we had the Worldpay gains that still remain, that we executed in the first quarter. We decided not to execute the buybacks related to that. That’s about $200 million or so in gains that we’ve kept on the balance sheet. That’s the difference that you’re seeing.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. More or less, that’s what’s going to happen, and then it would change as any of the preferreds reach their fixed period and move to floating, but those are a few years off. So for the foreseeable future, that’s a good pattern.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. Marty, I don’t think those two are necessarily connected to each other. Clearly, the higher prepayments have resulted in a higher purchase accounting accretion number for the quarter, but the build is not necessarily on MB loans. So it is a broader environmental factor that takes into account many other variables in our ALLL methodology. So I would not connect those two together.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, it does. And I think there – the second question, I think, was Peter or somebody else asked the question in terms of what that incremental number is based on the growth dynamics that we would see in our portfolios. So what you’re saying is correct. And on top of it, which portfolio growth also has an impact on that provision, that is purely related on incremental loans.
Tayfun Tuzun: That is correct. I interpreted Gerard’s question in the same unit in terms of just applying it to incremental loan growth. So…
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. That lease item, Vivek, includes more than just remarketing. Because remember, we now have two new leasing businesses under our hood, LaSalle leasing and Celtic leasing. So it’s a broader number. There were just some leverage leases that paid off during the quarter. And I think that number was, I don’t know, in the single digit, upper single-digit number, something like that.
Tayfun Tuzun: There is some volatility associated with the underlying business, especially on the technology side, which is dependent upon the timing of the technology contracts that are coming due. But in general, I think the trends will be positive. I think we expect that line item, as we are also now investing more in that business, to continue to grow. We may see some seasonality going forward. And – but in general, I think the trends will be up.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. I think the SNC portfolio levels, and I don’t have the actual numbers in front of me, but they’re almost like 50% in terms of these credit metrics, where theirs is classified criticized, they are well below the broader portfolio credit metrics. So…
Greg Carmichael: John, as I mentioned – this is Greg. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the execution against the expense synergies is going as planned. The large part of that expense synergy obviously was personnel. So you absolutely expect some of that personnel to move to other banks. We fully expected that. I would say, right now, 90% of all the high performers that we targeted retaining from a banker perspective are still with the bank today. So we have not lost those. And it’s very much in line with our expectations that we’ve modeled in. And there’s probably a little more to come as we continue to work towards our expense synergy numbers, but you would expect that both in the back office and some of our sales force. So we bring the two companies together, look at our gearing ratios and what we need in that market while those bankers basically didn’t have opportunities with Fifth Third and end up with another bank. So you’re going to have banks want to tap that a little bit, but that’s to be expected and within our modeling for this transaction.
Greg Carmichael: First of all, Gerard, we’re – from a responsibility perspective, we have an obligation to our shareholders and our Board to assess any opportunity that makes good business sense for our shareholders. So if an opportunity of that nature emerge, we will discuss it. We will look at it. We’ll make the right decision for long-term benefit of our shareholders. At this point right now, we have a lot on our plate, completing MB Financial, the organic growth strategy we have. We’re very pleased with the performance of the franchise. We don’t think we need to do anything but continue to invest in our business and grow our business and deliver on the results that we’re talking about today. But once again, if something did emerge of that nature, we would consider it as we would be required to. But at this point right now, we are not interested in an acquisition. We’re focused on driving the outcomes we’re looking for through an organic perspective of our business.
Greg Carmichael: Mike, we’ll have two data centers when we’re done. We had two going into the merger. MB had two. We’ll consolidate their two onto our two, so we’ll have two at the end of day.
Greg Carmichael: Yes. I mean first off, two has always been, in any business where there was prior days, in the manufacturing sector, two data centers is the more optimal way of running it. You have to have the space to prep the leaser off different grids and so forth from a telecom perspective, but two is the optimal way for us to run our business, and that’s what we’ve – how we’ve operated it. That’s where we’re most efficient, we get the best leverage of our talent and our resources and our use of our capabilities. So more than that would not make sense for Fifth Third or most companies, I believe, but that’s how we see things. And we’ll consolidate, once again, the two MB onto our current two legacy of Fifth Third data centers.
Greg Carmichael: Yes. And I will just add, as we continue to build out our equipment finance kind of [indiscernible] frankly in the regional banking market with MB joining us, our strength in syndicating these transactions has grown significantly. We’ve got some great talent there, and we would expect that, that will continue to grow in the future.
Greg Carmichael: First off, as we said earlier, the true rate that we’ve seen so far is exactly what we modeled in. 90% of all of the outperfomers that we intended to keep we offered position to work still at the bank. This is normal with respect to an acquisition in the market by a larger bank. There’s individuals that we didn’t offer positions to that are going to shop to other banks. A lot of that’s what you’re seeing right now. We’re getting close to the end of that tail, all right, and we feel very comfortable about the talent that we have to serve that market, the talent that we retain. As I’ve mentioned in our prepared remarks, we had very little client attrition associated with this transition. And Chicago was one of our strongest production markets in core middle market across all of our regions this quarter. So we feel really good about the talent that we have. And once again, to get $255 million of expenses on your job, a lot of that is people-related expenses. So you would expect those individuals to shop for other banks. And I know other banks have [indiscernible] is having success recruiting against entity. But that’s just part of this process of consolidating two financial institutions. You’re going to get some of that attrition, which is to be expected and planned for.
Jamie Leonard: Hey Ken, it’s Jamie. That’s actually a very complicated question. The first part is very easy. Purchase accounting, we were at $15 million in the second quarter and increased to $28 million in the third quarter just given the higher CPRs. We’re forecasting again that assuming zero prepayments, that number will be about $15 million fourth quarter. And in the first quarter, there’s roughly $150 million of PAA left to go. So that part is fairly straightforward. The more complicated part in terms of how the seasonal impact all of this, the PAA really shouldn’t be impacted. However, the impact on income recognition from PCI loans is still being evaluated. The big four accounting firms are still having discussions with the FASB in terms of whether that should be – continue to be recognized on an effective yield basis or recognized more on a cash flow for those that would need to go to non-accruals. So quite complicated with no official answer yet. So we’ll provide more guidance once we hear back.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. We think and are confident in our ability to deliver a 40% beta on the three moves, July, September and October. That full beta will actually be realized through the end of the first quarter. And what we’ve done from a rate perspective is, midway through the third quarter, we reduced our go-to-market rates on the retail side. From a 1.5% offer, we pulled it down to 1% because, as we’ve said before, we really aren’t interested in competing with online banks or attracting hot money. And so no not all of our peers move their promo rates during the quarter. And that’s why we were able to deliver the reduction that you see in the third quarter of 2 basis points but are confident that will continue into the fourth quarter. And then on the – from the CD side, we talked about this last quarter. We’ve got about $1.9 billion of CDs to mature at a 2% rate in the fourth quarter. And our go-to-market rate right now is roughly 1.2% and there’s another $2 billion in the first quarter. So from a retail perspective, we feel very good about the steps we’ve taken and that those numbers will materialize. And then on the commercial side, large portion of that deposit is indexed. So as those rate cuts occur, we’ll realize that. So again, we think our strong market share in the majority of our markets allows us the opportunity to move a little bit earlier than perhaps some of our peers can deliver those deposit reductions.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. Let me make just a short comment and I’ll turn it over to Frank for more color. I mean we’ve always said that at these very low levels of charge-offs, there is going to be small variations. But we’re still in the teams in terms of commercial charge-offs and very much in line on the consumer side. The other thing that I want to point out is the consumer charge-offs, if you’re looking at the year-over-year comparisons, we had a charge-off portfolio sale last year. So that lowered the absolute rate last year. In terms of the provision bills, really, I mean for any given portfolio when you think about it, if you sort of compare the economic environment at the end of June to the economic environment at the end of September, the background is different then. So the 2 basis point increase in reserve coverage is really more reflective of that. And I’ll turn it over to Frank for any color on the actual sort of portfolio trends here.
Jamie Leonard: So the guide we have is the cut in October plus two more in 2020, March and September. And in order to help – let’s just look at all of the hedges that we have in place from a cash flow perspective. So our cash flow hedges in the first three quarters of 2019 made about $2 million. Over the next five quarters, if those rate cuts play out, those $11 billion of hedges are going to make $155 million. So that’s $15 million in the fourth quarter, and then the rest spread out across 2020. So that’s really the backdrop for our confidence in the NIM overall, not compressing going forward the way you saw it in the third quarter. We just unfortunately did one-year forward-starting swaps, and we probably should have done seven-month forward-starting swaps to protect the third quarter. But when you look at first quarter of 2019 versus first quarter of 2020, our guide is that NIM would be down 5 or 6 bps with those July, September and October cuts, and I got to believe that’s going to be best-in-class performance over that period of time.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. This is Jamie, Saul. You’re right in that our fourth quarter forecast, our interest-bearing core deposits is in the, Saul, mid-80s basis points of cost. And then that number coming off of the other rate actions we would take, plus a March cut, we’d be into the 70s of that point in time. We still think there’s opportunity to operate at a 40% beta on the next couple of cuts. But certainly, once you’re beyond those cuts and if you had more in 2021, you would start to bump up against some of your deposit floors and some of your products. So we model all of that in our interest rate sensitivity tables, and that’s where you see that when the Fed starts cutting 100 or 150 basis points that the outcomes aren’t as productive as on the first couple. But I think for the foreseeable future, the next three or four cuts, the 40% beta is a good number for us.
Jamie Leonard: No, it’s very barbelled, where retail right now, we think from July, September, October, will be in the 25% to 30% range, and commercial will be – and our Wealth & Asset Management group would be in the 60% range. And that’s similar with what we saw on the way up the 225 basis points of fed hikes.
Frank Forrest: Yes. Hey Peter, yes, good question. Just some perspective. When you think about reserve builds, one thing to keep in mind. This quarter, as you look at it, we had a $35 million build. Of the $35 million, $28 million was unfunded on the funded portfolio and $7 million is on increases in reserve for unfunded commercial commitments. When you go back and you think about 2018, for example, we had reserve releases of $122 million. We said at that time and we said over subsequent quarters that we were at an inflection point. Tayfun has mentioned that several times this morning. We have been at an inflection point. Our numbers have been historically low across the board. We’re really sort of still at an inflection point. Our non-performing assets are below 50 basis points. That number if you compare it to the median reported peer numbers is better than the peer. We expect that to stay stable. That’s an important number. Our charge-offs are well within our risk appetite. We expect that to remain there. We haven’t changed our guidance at all. When you think about criticized assets, we’re watching criticized assets closely. The third quarter included the results of the shared national credit exams for banks. We included that in our numbers. We did have a blip up in criticized assets. One particular large corporate credit was involved in that. We don’t see any loss and that credit has been restructured. Where we saw an increase in criticized assets has really been in sort of core middle market. And so when you look at core middle market, those ones tend to be secured loans and backed by guarantors. And so we don’t see any particular trends or patterns related to geography or more risk type that’s totally concerning to us. If you think about our large corporate book and you think about commercial real estate, those are books that typically have a lot of volatility in a market. Our criticized assets are below 3%. Both those portfolios are very well underwritten, very stable portfolios. Our leverage book is performing well. We’ve reduced it by 50% in the last three years. So all the work that we’ve done to change the mix of this portfolio is still reflected in our results today. And so yes, we did have a build in the third quarter. We did that because we wanted to take a very conservative view of where we are, that the market has changed a bit in the third quarter and we do live in a world that Lars was talking about where our borrowers are more on edge now than they have been before. Tariffs are taking an impact on the weekend customers, are not really having an impact on strong customers. So as I step back and think about it, 2018, we had a significant release. In 2019, for the most part, it’s been stable. We took a look in the third quarter and we bumped it up a bit. We think it was the prudent thing to do. We manage this book conservatively, and I think it’s been reflected clearly in our results over the past two to three years. And our outlook has not changed. So I’m still very comfortable with where we are. And I’m very comfortable with the positions we’ve taken to change the outlook of this company going forward relative to repositioning the portfolio in a much different manner than we did in the past.
Frank Forrest: Let me talk in terms of classified assets, which is probably better than criticized assets. Classified assets are loans that are rated substandard. Criticized assets include loan that have potential problems, but they’re not well-defined weaknesses at this point in time. Our classified assets were up 5% of the quarter. And again, as said before, they fluctuate quarter-to-quarter up and down, still well within our risk appetite, within our tolerance.
Frank Forrest: No. It actually was more in the quarter – on the classified, it was actually just more on our quarter middle market. That’s a granular portfolio, and as said before, it’s a portfolio that is the well secured. So while the level of the problem loans goes up, it doesn’t change our outlook relative to nonperforming or the loss in a material way.
Frank Forrest: Yes. I mean that’s right. And what I did mention before and maybe what you reflected on, our large corporate book, which is the Shared National Credit portfolio, for the most part, a level of criticized assets in that entire book is under 3%, and that’s maybe what you were referencing. That’s a fair number. And the same goes for our commercial real estate portfolio, was under 3%, which is where the banks have had the preponderance of their problems over the past decade or so. So those are books we manage very carefully. We feel very, very comfortable with the overall asset quality. So I think that was in response to your question.
Erika Najarian: So despite a solid quarter, the stock got down at the open, and I’m wondering if some of that is the hope the market had that you’d provide a little bit more directional, if not specific clarity, in expenses. So I guess I’m going to try one more time. If I take out the impact of a March 22 close and I just look at consensus numbers or expectations for revenues starting in the second quarter of 2020, it seems like consensus is expecting flat year-over-year revenue growth from the second quarter of 2020 onwards. And I’m wondering that given your message for positive operating leverage, if after the seasonal increase in the first quarter, the message really here is that if that is really the revenue outlook that will transpire in 2020, that the expense base would have to go down from that $1.117 billion in the fourth quarter.
Erika Najarian: Okay. And so the follow-up question is – thank you for giving a clarity in terms of your net interest margin expectations for next year. And Jamie, I’m wondering – I wanted to clarify, that range of 3.2% to 3.25%, that includes two rate cuts from here. And if that’s the case, then the contribution from the $4 billion in hedges should be a positive $40 million annualized, with LIBOR at $150 million is included in that size.
Erika Najarian: Understood. I think that the market maybe thinking that industries generally top ticking on fees. I don’t think the skepticism is over, actually, your net interest income. I think it’s a combination of just the industry top ticking on fees and then sort of what the expense management fallout will be from there. But I very much appreciate all the detail on NII. Thank you.
Saul Martinez: Hey guys. I’ll ask another question on CECL, just a pretty popular topic on this call. Your reserve rate shows about, I think it was 104 basis points this quarter. With the CECL reserves 40% to 55%, that will take you more or less I think to about 150 basis points, ALLL ratio. Do you expect your growth going forward, the balance – your growth in balance – loan balance is to – on average, under the CECL methodology, come from products that have higher or lower than 150 basis points lifetime losses.
Saul Martinez: Yes, got it. So I mean, under the CECL methodology, your commercial, especially your C&I, I would think would be – I don’t know if materially, but it should be much lower than 1.5%. And just the normal – ALLL ratio should gravitate down at that as…
Saul Martinez: And are those cuts – are those betas coming pretty – are they pretty balanced between retail and commercial? Or are they…
Marty Mosby: Thanks. Good morning. I have three quick questions, and then I want to kind of dive into my little deeper subject. But if you get into first three, your capital and your buybacks, you bought about $350 million this quarter. You’re kind of foreshadowing $300 million per quarter. I thought there was kind of an overhang of past gains that you could have a catch-up this quarter. So I was curious why it went a little bit higher in the share repurchase in this particular quarter.
Marty Mosby: Okay. And then I just wanted to bring up a point on purchase accounting. You have the uptick this quarter from 15 to 28, and then you have the reserve build of 50. So when you look at those two things, the reserve build more than offset this uptick in purchase accounting accretion. And those are kind of tied because as you’re taking those loans out as they’re prepaying and then coming back in as a normal loan, you’re having to kind of rebuild reserves on loans that were in purchase accounting accretion. So there’s an actual – not a real benefit this quarter from this transaction or this kind of process. There’s actually a negative weighing on the quarter that kind of releases as you go into next quarter.
Marty Mosby: If they’re not connected, there’s some offsetting going between the reserve build that’s negative and positive in the purchase accounting accretion.
Marty Mosby: Yes. So if you had the exact same mix of loans, you would keep the 150 ratio. So instead of providing at 105, you’re going to be providing at 150. So just on the incremental loan growth doesn’t go up 30%. Your whole loan loss provision doesn’t go up 30%. Losses are the majority reason for loan loss provisions, so the net charge off ratio still will be the main driver for your loan loss provision.
Marty Mosby: Yes. But Gerard was kind of get lost in that and assume – they kind of think although that means our loan loss provisioning has to go above that amount, it really doesn’t have to. And the only thing I was going to leave as a guidance and just for everybody in the industry to kind of think about is because of day two, don’t think of day one as a real good chance to round up our allowances because we never get this back. This isn’t an allowance like we had in the past, where you kind of can build it given your economic belief of what’s going to happen and then eventually kind of recapture that. This is a true to life, through the cycle kind of provisioning. So rounding up on the CECL is just going to more volatility and higher provisioning that really never gets realized until you actually liquidate your bank. So actually being conservative in a sense of rounding up. In our mentality, we’ve been trained to do that for so long. It’s not a good answer given the way the accounting is going to be different day two as we move forward. So I’ll just encourage everybody to not just think of this as – I’ve heard so many people say, "This is our chance to round up allowance to prepare for the recession." This thing won’t give you any benefit as you into that recession. So it’s not a reserve you’re getting benefit from. So anyway…
