Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. I don't think Erika we are backing away from growth in commercial lending. We totally expect commercial lending to grow this year to the 3% plus level. In 2014, we clearly had some headwinds with respect to payoffs related to competitive offers from either capital markets or other competitors. Our expectation fully is that we would get to similar levels of growth and our production numbers would indicate that we should be able to achieve that. And also given sort of the volatility that we are seeing in capital markets, we will just have to wait and see what the payoff and paydown experience is and as the economy improves, I suspect that our clients will be utilizing more of their borrowing capacity. So at this point, we are optimistic about C&I growth. We are not backing away from it and we will achieve sort of the 3% plus whether that is at 4%, 5% or 6% will clearly depend a little bit on the economic activity.
Tayfun Tuzun: So clearly on a year-over-year basis, the impact of the $100 million reduction in NII related to our deposit advance product has a big impact...
Tayfun Tuzun: …on revenues. And then we have the additional $40 million of expenses that I mentioned. What is happening today is, I don't think that our new guidance changes our perspectives on where we think our long-term efficiency ratio will be. I think our industry is going through a change in the way we manage risk and compliance. And this is sort of a new prototype that banks large and small are adopting. Whereas in the past risk and compliance management had more of a centralized structure, that structure today is being redesigned to incorporate those functions into the front lines and as well at the same time boost the centralized risk and compliance management units. So by definition, that deployment requires headcount. New processes are being designed to accommodate the structure and there is always a cost involved when such an undertaking is taking place. This development applies not just to us, but to all banks in our peer group and eventually we think there will be technology applications to these processes, but we are not there yet. So therefore what is happening today is that these efforts, headcount efforts are heavy and have a negative impact on our efficiency ratio without necessarily creating new revenue streams. But we do believe that ultimately these efforts will have other positive externalities that will impact our efficiency once they are in place. Our customers will for example experience better service, which should impact customer retention and we should experience lower operating losses. So that will move through our efficiency ratio in time. But right now, we are in the investment phase without necessarily realizing these benefits and on top of that we are also operating in a difficult revenue environment. So as the process matures, we will get the efficiencies back and as we apply more technology, those will be even more pronounced. And so I guess question is why can't you do this all by taking expenses out elsewhere to pay for these investments and we are. The final net cost of these investments actually is lower than what the growth expenses are because we are partially paying for them with savings elsewhere. But we can't stop all the investments and we still need to look for revenue growth opportunities in our businesses. And so the other pieces for example, the investment in EMV this year will have ultimately very beneficial impact on fraud losses which will once again work through the efficiency ratio. But those benefits are going to be realized after the technology is in place. And so therefore in 2015 from a calendar year perspective, we have this phenomenon of the blip in our efficiency ratio. Again, but by no means our operating leverage picture in 2015 revises our perspective on how we can run this company. It is just a combination of the nature of these investments and the operating environment that we are in. So it is a long answer, but we clearly are very focused in terms of managing our company efficiently.
Tayfun Tuzun: Sure. So we about doubled our commercial construction in 2014 and when we look at the underlying production trends, about 75% to 80% of that production is in our footprint and about 75% to 80% of the underlying type of project is either industrial or multifamily and there is some office buildings attached to that as well. Clearly due to the short nature of that lending, the natural growth in that portfolio will ultimately slow down from what we are experiencing today because the churn itself will limit the net growth. At this point due to that nature, we are not necessarily seeing a significant fee pickup, but we are broadening our customer base and would potentially obviously seek to grow non-credit revenues. But at this stage, it is not a very meaningful number. A portion of the construction loans we think we can capture, but I have to tell you that competition from insurance companies and other very long-term oriented investors is very tough and we are not necessarily competing as they turn from construction to perm.
Tayfun Tuzun: The one particular new – one new vertical that we launched in the second half of the year is retail vertical and we did that deliberately because we have very strong treasury management products to compete in that area. And that was, we expect the fee income component in corporate lending via these vertical plays to actually continue to increase. Because I don't think at least in the near term our expectation is that the price and structure competition will probably still be with us so we are very keen on making sure that we supplement relationship profitability via non-credit products.
Tayfun Tuzun: Well, the outlook on the expenses I think our guidance, the format of our guidance is as I went through earlier. What we expect is we expect higher headcounts and therefore in addition to sort of normal merit increases we do expect our employment related expense items to increase. We do expect higher IT expenses because we continue to invest in our retail business and our commercial business. We have to maintain the level of investments to grow earnings. We are investing quite a bit of money in our digital revenue generation capabilities in retail. We are continuing to invest in the capital markets business so those items will continue to go up. Marketing is likely to be higher and we are coming off of a lower year in 2014 for that. So in general, Matt, I think our expense guidance you will need to work that through the revenue guidance and the efficiency ratio, the low 60s efficiency ratio that we provided you with. And on a run rate basis, our new hire increases will probably be higher in the second half of the year compared to the first, but in general we will see higher employment related expenses.
Tayfun Tuzun: I wouldn't characterize it as we have run out of areas to save. I would characterize it as we are not necessarily reducing our investments in our businesses this year as we are very keen on reaching the revenue growth targets. I think our revenues are growing year-over-year, which is important to note and we are keen on making sure that we put some of our savings for example in retail, back to retail because we continue to view that line of business as very important not only in 2015, but beyond 2015.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think the broader message on the balance sheet, Matt, is that we truly are on a day to day basis, we are monitoring this. We are monitoring the asset side of the business, the liability side of the business. Clearly deposit growth has exceeded our expectations in 2014, which was great, but we are very keen on making sure that from a margin perspective knowing that we will continue to experience credit spread contraction that we manage the liability side of the costs as efficiently as we can. So you will see us spending quite a bit of time and focus on the liability side this year.
Tayfun Tuzun: Well, we've always – I think last year in many instances, we've discussed our perspective on the value of deposits, and we continue to maintain that perspective. We like deposits; we believe that our deposit franchise will be the anchor to our profitability in our balance sheet. And in the fourth quarter, we have experienced a bit of a higher growth in commercial deposits, and every line in our commercial deposit book has grown. And I think that is more reflective of sort of the corporate cash positions with respect to our clients more than just a deliberate action that we took in our commercial deposits. But in general, we have not changed our view of deposits.
Tayfun Tuzun: We will see. The reason why we did not want to give mortgage guidance is because of the volatility of the current environment. Clearly, we are experiencing a pickup early this quarter in app volumes and rate locks. We would expect to see that this quarter and we will see how that impacts gain on sale of margins. It is a little early to be able to give you color on that yet.
Tayfun Tuzun: We would expect the dollar charge-offs to continue to decline and ultimately we believe that during the year there may come a point where we may hit that inflection point. It is a bit early to tell that yet. We obviously have the right level of reserves today at 1.47% coverage. New loans that are coming on the sheet are of good quality, which should improve the profile and then we will see how loan growth proceeds. There may come a point in 2015 where that crossover takes place, but at this point I can't tell you when and I can't tell you by how much.
Tayfun Tuzun: So Ken, I think the last two years we have worked on CCAR with the same goal to maintain our capital ratio going into the period and coming out of the period. And that actually enabled us to achieve more aggressive capital return dollars compared to our peers. Our philosophy there has not changed. We still maintain our view that a stable capital ratio going into the CCAR period and coming out of the CCAR period is the best outcome given the absolute level and given the relative level of capital to our peers. That has not changed and hopefully we will get to share the results with you in March.
Tayfun Tuzun: So as I mentioned earlier in the call, excluding mortgage in 2014, the year-over-year increase in our total adjusted for Vantiv non-interest income was 3.3%. We believe that again excluding mortgage, we can achieve that number and even better during the year and that is what our outlook is based on.
Tayfun Tuzun: Clearly NIM guidance this year is very challenging. What we have seen here so far alone in the last three weeks is 30 plus basis point drop in the 10 year, not that necessarily the 10-year drives our NIM. But we recognize the challenges associated with NIM guidance because it also depends as I mentioned on the timing of our ability to deploy more leverage into our investment portfolio, we will be patient during the year. No question about it, which may fluctuate our NIM from time to time, but we will maintain that cautious approach that we have maintained throughout 2014. When we do see opportunities we will go after them. And also it is difficult to necessarily give you good guidance for credit spreads. As you know, credit spreads contraction has actually overwhelmed some of the base rate changes throughout 2014 and we felt that in our commercial book. What encourages us a little bit is that our fixed-rate portfolios are truly showing signs of stability as we expected and we would hope to achieve that in 2015, but again, as much guidance as we are giving you today on NIM, we recognize the importance of the $100 million reduction in interest income related to deposit products and we are cognizant of the volatility of this environment.
Tayfun Tuzun: We will not have positive operating leverage this year. We will grow revenues, but our expenses will exceed that. It is extremely difficult to overcome the year-over-year decline in our revenues of $100 million associated with the deposit advance product.
Tayfun Tuzun: Not necessarily. Clearly the big mover is going to be in the seasonal pickup in FICA and some of the unemployment workers comp lines and then there will be a pickup in marketing. So I wouldn't necessarily keep the line items flat. There will be decreases in some but overall clearly seasonally we do experience quite a bit of pickup in expenses in Q1.
Tayfun Tuzun: No. At this time we don't have any plans. The remaining mortgage TDRs include a good amount of government guaranteed mortgages and then we have about $400 million in home equity loans and about $100 million and autos and credit cards. At this time we have no plans.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. I think we would be much closer to that. I gave you the impact of the $100 million plus the $25 million related to infrastructure plus the $15 million related to EMV, which adds up to about 2%, Mike. So those are the movers of the operating leverage. But again, I cannot emphasize it enough, those numbers do include $100 million reduction and that is the difficulty that we are facing this year.
Tayfun Tuzun: Mike, we also have to keep in mind that these decisions are not made purely on a credit basis because when you go back those decades, you will see different credit spread environments and different levels of capital that banks have been holding at the time. So when you look at the returns, that calculation includes more than just credit. So when we say that we are backing away from credit, we are not necessarily saying that we are seeing significantly negative credit trends, it's just a combination of spreads, of credit and where our capital levels require a different perspective on what we are putting on our books today.
Tayfun Tuzun: The litigation tunnel is a long one. This quarter the number was a recovery, but a small number. And I don't think necessarily that these processes are fast moving processes. So I wouldn't characterize it as we are seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. I think it will take a while for us to work through all of these items.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. It is not necessarily one or two items. It is a combination. For example, derivative marks go there. I wouldn't necessarily characterize them as a total that reflects one or two trends. That number will be volatile quarter-over-quarter, so I wouldn't interpret the $33 million number as a run rate number.
Tayfun Tuzun: That would impact mainly our investment portfolio yields and the timing of our deployments into the investment portfolio. We still obviously would benefit. We have a positive exposure to the short end and the benefit would be less than a complete yield curve move.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. So let me talk about a couple of specific items. In retail, as I have mentioned over the last few months, we have redesigned our employment in our branch system based upon the demographic trends and transaction trends that we are seeing from retail customers. Customers are reaching us through digital channels. We need to reach them through digital channels to be able to grow revenues as we are seeing less and less of them walking through the doors. We are investing in our ability to reach our customers through digital channels. That is one area and that is what we believe needs to happen as we continue to strengthen our retail franchise. The other area that we have been talking about clearly is on the corporate side as we are focusing on total relationship profitability, we need to make sure that we capture and use all the different pieces of relationship revenues and costs appropriately in order to maintain a competitive advantage in the way we price our products and services. That is another area. The third area that we are investing is in our payments business. We have as you know combined the retail and commercial pieces of the payment spectrum under one umbrella. We are making investments there because we do believe that going forward we have advantages given our history in that business. And then in investment advisory, which is another important business for us, we are adding talent to ensure a continued progress on revenue. So those are the areas that we are investing aside from the compliance and risk related infrastructure investments that we have in place.
Tayfun Tuzun: So on January 1, we reduced our price on the product by 70% and we also made some changes to the design of the product that will impact usage and the frequency of usage of the product. That is what sort of when we give the guidance of a $100 million reduction in revenues associated with the product, those changes would reflect that. What we don't know today is when the regulators will provide their guidance proposals and ultimately will issue their guidance. We don't know the timing of that and the way we formulated that for the year is depending on the time of when that guidance comes out, there are three outcomes. Either we are totally out of the business because the guidance does not enable us to offer any product. Our current product fits the guidance. In that case, we will continue to offer the product and potentially offer it to new clients, or within the guidance, we needed to make adjustments to our product design. What we don't know today is whether that is going to happen in March, June, September or in 2015 at all. We still seek to address the needs of those customers because we do believe that with the appropriate product designed appropriately, it is better to keep those clients in our fold. But again, the regulators will decide on how they see this industry working and we will react accordingly.
Tayfun Tuzun: Too early to tell, but just remember that we are not offering the product to people who were not signed on to the product at the beginning of 2014. We have not expanded the population.
Tayfun Tuzun: We have been in that business for a long time. I mean it goes back 30, 40 years. We have very good deep relationships with dealers and we have maintained those relationships through cycles. There is good business coming from the dealers that we are booking on our balance sheet and we will continue to do so. They expect what type of business that we will put on and they know what type of business that we will not put on. That hasn't hurt us. It is more or less a commodity business supported by maintaining those strong relationships. So as long as we are satisfied with the amount of loans that we get under the current profitability guidelines, we should be able to get that flow. And given the long-term relationships, if you do want to get more competitive, you can get more paper out of them because again they know that we are not in today, out tomorrow. They know that there is a longer cycle, so I don't think we are necessarily either damaging those relationships or impacting flows in a discernible manner.
Tayfun Tuzun: Thank you for joining us. Sameer, if you have any questions, I'm sorry we cut you off there. But if you have any questions, please call us and we will clarify your questions. Again, thank you for joining us and we look forward to sharing with you our progress throughout the year.
Jamie Leonard: Hey, Matt, it is Jamie. I think the way to look at the security book is really in the context of the LCR. We were at 92% last quarter, we are at 112% this quarter. So the size of the security book what I would like to see is exiting the year 100% or more so having an acceptable buffer there. Sitting on $7 billion of cash at the end of the year, there weren't a lot of opportunities and we still don't see a lot of opportunities in this rate environment, but we will continue to be opportunistic. But I think you can expect to see some of that cash deployed over the course of 2015 into LCR friendly HQLA.
Jamie Leonard: I think the build-up in cash is in some part driven by seasonality, but in a large part driven by a lot of the strong deposit growth Tayfun referenced with regard to our retail banking franchise.
Jamie Leonard: Ryan, it is Jamie. What Tayfun had mentioned was for the first quarter we would expect NIM to be down driven by the early advanced product and that is about 8 bps and then day count benefit of 3 bps bringing you into that outlook for the first quarter of down 5 bps or so off of fourth quarter levels. And then from there it would be dependent upon the rate environment to go – to grow from there.
Jamie Leonard: This is Jamie and as Tayfun had mentioned, we are sensitive on the short end of the curve so clearly Fed tightening in the back half of the year would be beneficial. Secondarily, commercial loan growth north of the 3% GDP levels certainly will help. But in the meantime we think we can run the company and our balance sheet is positioned to deliver stable NIM in the first half of 2015, but for the impact of the early advanced product. So we have some opportunity on the liability side just given how strong our deposit growth has been. We can maybe earn another bp or two there, but for the most part, the loan yield compression you saw during 2014 continued to be less and less and so we have got a little bit, maybe a bp or two of headwind there, but that is certainly manageable.
Jamie Leonard: Sure. The good news is the growth in deposits and the elevated cash position really strengthens the balance sheet and gives us flexibility. So our 112% LCR includes the benefit of $7 billion of cash held at the Fed at year end. So if we were to deploy $7 billion of cash take it to an extreme and put it all in C&I loan growth, then your LCR would drop right back down to that 92% level where we were at, at the end of September. So my point in answering the question on securities deployment is some of that cash will be put to work in the course of 2015 as a modified approach bank. When we reach January of 2016, we will need to exceed a 90% LCR and we would like to have a buffer obviously beyond the 19%. There is some balance between holding $7 billion in cash and having 112% LCR and deploying that cash to both loan growth and further support HQLA additions where we will manage the LCR between 95 and 105 over the course of the next year or so.
Frank Forrest: The only thing I would add, Mike, is that all regulators look at new deals that have been put on in the last 12 months, so they are all looking, that is where they are focused. What is the quality of the new deals that have been on the books in the last 12 months? All I can tell you is we are very comfortable with what we put on the books the last 12 months and we are comfortable within our own shoes and we are going to manage our books accordingly based on our comfort level. We are not going to be driven by the market. Banks that have done that before end up following themselves in a spiral downward. We have all seen it before. We have all been through it and we are not going to go through it again here.
Frank Forrest: I'm not sure I can. I mean if you go back five to six years through the downturn, most everybody followed each other in the wrong direction. I would say that where we are better and I would think that a lot of banks are better and have learned is really in being much more proactive in managing risk much more anticipatory, using many more tools to assess the portfolios today. We stress test today every which way you can possibly imagine from a borrower to the portfolios and different segments of the portfolio. Maybe that is part of that came out of CCAR three or four years ago, but I would say the portfolio analytics that we do today are far different than they were before. And so we are much more comfortable with our forward view.
Frank Forrest: Come on, Mike. I'm not that old. I'm not sure I can to be honest. You can think through the different cycles. We have gone through some long good cycles on the real estate side, but fundamentally you know if you go back 15 or 20 or 25 years maybe beyond your life span, banks have historically gotten in trouble with commercial real estate, that is one place. Banks have gotten in trouble with leveraged lending. The story tends to change but the outcome at the end of the day doesn't. So I am not sure I can take you down memory lane and tell you a good example of where somebody has done something differently. All I can say is that, I think the world changed four to five, six years ago with what occurred and I can't speak for other institutions all I can speak for at Fifth Third is that we are very comfortable with our perspective on credit today and we do not want to put the company in a position to return to past practices.
Frank Forrest: Hi. This is Frank. That book grew about $450 million in 2014. Our portfolio is really a mixture of both middle market and large corporate, so I don't have a specific percentage, but most of our companies would be anywhere in that sector.
Frank Forrest: I mean again, our companies are predominantly – they are in the U.S., they are predominantly in the Southwest, they are a combination of middle market, mid-cap and large corporates.
Frank Forrest: In terms of term on the auto book over the last several years we have run 68 months, 68 months, this past year 69 months so no appreciable movement there. In terms of LTV, we have been running and continue to run in the 91%, 92% level. And in terms of FICA, we are 751 in 2014 and that is a very consistent trend. And to your point, reflective upon our focus on prime, super prime customers and overall strong credit profile within the auto book.
