Daniel T. Poston: Sure. So overall, our mortgage results continue to be at near record levels, driven by low interest rates in the HARP program. We saw really good results and we ramped up quickly to take advantage of the refi wave in the fourth and the first quarters. This quarter, I think we saw a continuation of similar results. From a spread standpoint, I think our margins for the quarter were up probably 40 to 50 basis points. That was driven by a number of things, the market conditions were very favorable, obviously. We were also able to shift some of our capacity to the retail line of business, to the HARP program and less of our capacity was allocated to the wholesale channel. So that had a positive impact on margins overall as we shifted some of that volume to the more profitable segment of the business. As I mentioned earlier, we ramped up pretty quickly in the first and -- or in the fourth and first quarters, and probably captured more than our fair share of business during that period of time. I think the environment has gotten more competitive as rates have continued to move lower and others have ramped up their capacity and that competition shows both in terms of competition for business as well as for personnel. So as we go forward, I think we expect volumes in the third quarter, as we mentioned, to be slightly higher, and perhaps that to have a slight dampening effect on overall margins. But for margins continue to remain very, very strong and for overall results to be slightly stronger in the third quarter than in the second.
Daniel T. Poston: I think for the last sort of 2 or 3 quarters, we've talked about the fact that it's difficult to fight yield compression with sort of actions other than growing your earning assets, and that remains the most powerful tool to keep NII stability. We continued obviously, to manage the liability side of the balance sheet, and there are always opportunities. If this lower rate environment continues, we will see those opportunities. We've seen those in Q1, we've seen those in Q2, and I suspect that there will be further opportunities beyond just the redemption of trust preferreds on the liability side. On the asset side clearly, the fight is against sort of repricing, higher coupon loans and higher coupon investment securities. And there unfortunately, we don't expect the rate environment to change between now and year end, as we see sort of the continued Fed's commitment to keep rates low, potentially executing another QE, which may include keeping the rates low beyond their current plan. So in that environment, I think again, the best tool remains growing loans, growing your earning assets prudently and managing NII.
Daniel T. Poston: Well, there will obviously be an impact that will apply to us as well as others in the industry. It is a relatively modest reduction, it's 10 basis points. And it relates only to credit card interchange not to debit card interchange. So it does have an impact on us, but we expect that to be relatively modest.
