Daniel Poston: Yes I think, Brian, in general, I think that's in the ballpark of what our expectations are. We haven't been that granular in terms of discussing exactly how we get to our 1.3% to 1.5% expectations. But I don't think those are too far off. I think, we would think that there may be some additional PPNR upside as we get to a more normalized economic and interest rate environment, which should add to our growth and increase the size of our balance sheet and add NII.
Daniel Poston: I mean, I think whether there will be an IPO in the future, I guess, is something that we aren't commenting on, obviously. That relates to another company and is not something that we would discuss anyway. Relative to how that might work from an accounting perspective, I think there's a lot of different variables that would determine that. It would determine -- it would be determined in part by what would the make-up of an IPO be. Would it be all primary shares issued by Vantiv, would it involve some of our shares. What would the resulting ownership percentage that we have be and so forth. But in general, I think we have a 49% interest in the company. That's on our books for something like $650 million. And one would need to compare our ownership percentage on a pre and post basis in order to determine what the overall P&L and balance sheet or P&L and capital impact of that would be. So I'm not sure if that's getting to what you were driving at, but.
Daniel Poston: Well, I think as we talk about frequently, we have what we believe is a very strong expense discipline at Fifth Third. We tend to manage expenses continually rather than to have large cost takeouts at any one point in time relative to headcount reductions and so forth. We believe that in terms of the future, we'll continue to manage expenses aggressively. We have added to our expense base somewhat over the last couple of years, primarily associated with the addition of revenue generating positions, sales positions. And it funded a lot of that through expense discipline and reductions in other areas. So I think in general, we would continue to plan to approach expense management in the same way as we go forward. We would expect to see improvements in our overall efficiency ratio as we go forward but, frankly we would expect a lot of that to be accomplished more through increases in revenue than through reductions in expense.
Daniel Poston: No. We've gone through an analysis of those new -- or that new guidance and compared that to how we've been operating and really don't see any significant differences and we wouldn't expect that it would have a significant impact on us going forward.
Daniel Poston: I think we've talked about the fact that the additions that we are making to that portfolio are coming from a retail branch originated product that is higher quality, shorter term, and primarily a refi product that has lower LTVs and so forth. And really the decision to put that on the balance sheet was one that was made within the context of evaluating our overall asset liability management position, our overall strategy for managing the investment portfolio. And at this point in time, the balance sheeting of those residential mortgages is in lieu of reinvestment -- of investment portfolio cash flows in mortgage-backed securities. So we looked at the relative values there and decided there was greater value in the mortgages that we were originating. So that will be an evaluation that we will revisit continuously as we go forward, depending upon what market conditions are and so forth. So I think longer-term, our general strategy and preference would be to sell most of the residential mortgages that we originate.
Jeff Richardson: Brian, this is Jeff. I think all those things sound conceptually right but the premise is one we can't comment on. So there's a lot of complex accounting associated with this, and we can't describe every iteration of that particularly when we can't really discuss this to begin with. It's not -- it wouldn't be appropriate.
Jeff Richardson: This is Jeff. I have one other thing. Obviously, as we renew loans in this environment that were booked 2 years ago, let's say, where spreads were wider. I mean, there was a portfolio impact that's going to affect yields. It's predictable in the sense that we know where our loans that are going to renew were priced originally.
Jeff Richardson: This is Jeff. I don't think we have anything. There's nothing special happening in July but we're also not prepared to talk about the third quarter in terms of weekly trends of loans.
Jeff Richardson: That's true. I think that's what we really kind of see and continue to give guidance for in terms of our outlook.
Kevin Kabat: Well, I guess just -- to kind of level set. I mean, I think what we've said is that in the fourth quarter, we would expect that we can mitigate about 1/3 to 1/2. That's on a gross impact of $30 million. So you're looking at $10 million to $15 million of mitigation in the fourth quarter. Of that, I think $5 million of it relates to expense reductions that have been specifically identified, and we attach a pretty high degree of certainty to those. The remainder of that benefit would come from a variety of fee income categories and relate to changes in fees that individually are not all that significant. And that's kind of the near-term view. Going forward, I think the mitigation includes those items, perhaps some increase in the impact of some of those fee adjustments that we're talking about for the fourth quarter. And then a larger impact as we go forward, as we continue to look at our product offerings, reengineer those product offerings to be more consistent with what would make sense in the kind of environment that we're in where debit interchange is going to be limited. So beyond that, I think that those larger impacts from continuing to adjust our product offerings, I think, are things that are still being considered, still being designed. We feel comfortable with the estimates that we've made and we've taken into consideration in making those estimates the fact that those aren't fully developed and baked yet and are subject to customer acceptance and so forth, but those are the things that we're looking at as we give our guidance.
Kevin Kabat: Well, I think our expectations for the second half reflect an environment that is very similar to the environment that we're in right now. So I think it reflects a low-rate environment, one in which there's a fair amount of competition. So I think it reflects a continuation of the environment that we're in, not necessarily a worsening environment and not a significant drop off in origination yields, but one in which we expect to see continued pressure on that side of the balance sheet.
Kevin Kabat: It's Kevin. The other thing I would tell you is we never exited the business. We've stayed right there all along and the credit quality of the paper that we continue to book is exceptional. And still very, very good as well as, particularly in terms of the input front [ph] piece, we have strong relationships with our dealers and dealerships as well. So we're positioned a little bit differently than, obviously, a national player from that perspective and we think that, that's a business that we can continue to stay in and continue to contribute to our growth as we go forward as we've given guidance to. So again, Mahesh is correct, we are seeing more competition but again we feel like we've got a pretty good spot in our place.
Kevin Kabat: Well, I think right now our expectation would be and our understanding is, the rules would be, there's no impact on our capital or no adjustment to our capital as a result of that investment. In terms of how that's impacted by an IPO in general, I think the only impact would be whatever gain there might be or whatever the result of that transaction is on our capital would come through but no other adjustments other than just reflecting the impact of the transaction.
Kevin Kabat: Well, as you indicated, we believe we have excess capital now. We're continuing to accrete capital at a pretty good clip. Unfortunately, I think we're in an environment where we will likely have to maintain that excess capital level for some time into the future. As we go forward, certainly we are looking to deploy that excess capital both through organic growth, potential M&A activity as we go forward, but also through returning capital to our shareholders. And that our alternatives with respect to returning capital to shareholders, we believe will get better as we go forward and that we will consider things such as potential further dividend increases, potential share repurchases, et cetera, as we go forward. Obviously, those things will have to be considered within the context of the regulatory approval processes that have been put in place but those are clearly things that are in our longer-term plans.
Kevin Kabat: This is Kevin. What I would tell you is, obviously, we're very sensitive in terms of how we position it. We are looking at and we've talked openly about a value-added proposition as we migrate, really, the model from a fee-based orientation. So we'll be looking what's happening across the entire industry. But feel that confidently with what we've given in terms of guidance that not only will we be able to stay well positioned competitively but we'll continue to grow in that space as we move forward or we wouldn't be considering those. So again, we feel quite comfortable. We don't feel like even some of the things that we've already indicated to you really push us far out on the edge or the leading edge of any of those areas. The one thing I would tell you is, we've had a long time to think about this. So it's been a year and we are continuing to evaluate kind of the value propositions for growth in that arena. And we'll be adding those and making those changes in a comprehensive approach to that client segment, those clients segments. And we think we'll have a very good offering from that standpoint going forward. So we're pretty confident we can get there.
Kevin Kabat: Well, I think we generally addressed that question earlier, which was that given our capital levels, given our results and given the limitations that there are right now from a regulatory guidance perspective on dividend payouts, that certainly share repurchases would be something that we would consider in our overall capital management activities going forward. It's difficult to predict when that might occur due to the fact that there are regulatory processes that have been put in place to get approvals for those kinds of activities. So those aren't decisions that can be made and then executed upon quickly. So I don't think we're giving any guidance as to when that might occur other than to say it's certainly something that's on our minds.
