Sameer Gokhale: Thank you, Tamiya, good morning and thank you all for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing our financial results for the first quarter of 2017. This discussion may contain certain forward-looking statements about Fifth Third pertaining to our financial condition, results of operations, plans and objectives. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from historical performance and these statements. We've identified some of these factors in our forward-looking cautionary statement at the end of our earnings release and in other materials and we encourage you to review them. Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. Additionally, reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures we reference during today's conference call are included in our earnings release along with other information regarding the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A copy of our most recent quarterly earnings release can be accessed by the public in the Investor Relations section of our corporate website, www.53.com. This morning, I'm joined on the call by our Chairman and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Operating Officer, Lars Anderson; Chief Risk Officer, Frank Forrest; and Treasurer, Jamie Leonard. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call up for questions. Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.
Sameer Gokhale: Thanks Tayfun. Before we start Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have this morning. During the question-and-answer period, please provide your name and that of your firm to the operator. Tamiya please open the call up for question.
Sameer Gokhale: Great, thank you Tamiya. And thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third Banc. If you have any follow-up questions please contact the Investor Relations department and we will be happy to assist you. Thank you.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, I think, so I mean there may be slight increases in incentive comp related line items, but in general I would expect to be able to hold on to that guidance.
Tayfun Tuzun: There really isn't Saul. I think in general our targets remain intact clearly the stress scenario are in the current CCAR exercise was a little bit more stressed than we anticipated which may just slowdown our march towards that sort of mid-9s type of capital number. But we anticipate that we will get there and also there are some changes that the regulators are contemplated to make which may also have a positive impact, but in general our approach to where we think we can manage this balance sheet has not changed. I don’t know Jamie if you want to add anything.
Tayfun Tuzun: M&A perspective our position hasn't changed. Our number one focus is on building out our core businesses, making those core businesses and better serving our customers in the markets that we operate in today. So that's job one. Lot of investments you've seen us make on non-bank M&A are geared towards supporting those businesses from a fee perspective. So we're to continue to look at those opportunities and to be additive to our fee and service products that we offer our customers, and that's job one for us. Other M&A opportunities that there may emerge we’ll assess those, but once again it's a difficult challenge right now to figure out where those opportunities lie and our ability to capitalize on it. But job one is focusing on building out our core and non-core businesses, non-bank M&A opportunities to be additive to our business lines, if bank M&A materializes it will be because of the best interest of our shareholders.
Tayfun Tuzun: First off the Project North Star, so we have a lot of expense initiatives baked in the project North Star which I chose to embrace, but we've executed well against those initiatives as evidenced by the fact we were roughly flat year-over-year last year under our guidance for the first quarter this year and we just discussed what looks going forward. So we're very pleased with the initiatives that we put into the initial pipeline. But we're also mindful of this whatever things happening in our business in our industry that creates opportunities for further improvement that we're assessing. We're also watching what other businesses and banks are doing and we continue to believe in maybe opportunities for us to do a better job of managing our expenses going forward. So we're going to take a look at the next level what opportunities. Our “low hanging fruit” wide-out was harvested in the first phase of project North Star because it is going to be difficult as you move forward, but we do believe there is opportunities for further improvement. We don't have anything on the table. So bringing in third party who has done a lot of work in other areas, it could be as it how we’re thinking about our business and want to take that opportunity to assess our position today whatever may look like in the future.
Tayfun Tuzun: There is variation obviously throughout the cycle. And part of it has to do with your competition out there, how much they're structuring in terms of pricing, in terms of structure, in terms of your pipeline pull through. I would say today though that largely while it's very, very aggressive we've seen structure and pricing somewhat stabilized. So if I look at our pipeline today versus 90 days ago for example, I think we get pretty fairly compare apples to apples. And we see a very robust growth both in our core middle market across almost all of our regions and across almost all of our corporate banking operations. What the ultimate pull-through will be in the timing will be largely affected by the economic conditions, the confidence level of our clients we're going to stay very close to them. But I can't give you an exact pull- through number. But I would tell you just throughout my 30 some years of banking, the pull-through, the pipeline tends to be somewhere in the 25% range but I'm not sure that that's meaningful. I think what's more meaningful is the fact that our pipeline is becoming much more robust and frankly, it's growing in the businesses in the geographies where we would want it to be.
Tayfun Tuzun: So a couple of comments to that, there are some - if you peel all the one timers, there are a couple of items that have impacted the year-over-year change. One of them is, the impact of the change in corporate tax regime on LIH amortization. There is a little bit of severance expense this quarter in our numbers. And also there is a reduction in fee income related to the closing of both the reduction in percentage ownership in Worldpay, as well as some of their quarterly noise. So if sort of peel those numbers out, I think there is a relatively decent directional improvement in our efficiency ratio. For the year, our guidance on NII clearly is now getting to from a pure 2017, 2018 comparison perspective to over 8%. And overall total revenues are getting near 6%. And so the combination of the very powerful - has a powerful - very powerful impact on core efficiency ratio. So, and if you peel down the low income amortization line item, that momentum takes us to below 60% and that is a pretty decent year-over-year total improvement. And we would expect that - going into 2019, we would expect- it's hard to give guidance for 2019, but we would expect that momentum to continue into next year as well.
Tayfun Tuzun: It's really is more due to the increase in expected income levels because those marginal increases come at all tax rate versus the credit impacted tax rate so.
Greg Carmichael: Not really. Once again our focus on the fintech space is really going to be an additive to all our businesses, business like GreenSky or recent investment in [income bond], the acquisitions we made sort of fintech will be additive to our fee lines and really shouldn’t have an impact on our CCAR and capital distributions.
Greg Carmichael: First of all we think our tech spend is consistent we are seeing in other businesses. As we go through this digital transformation, it’s important that we make our investments in smart place, it help us to be successful in our businesses. So we’re not to be digital everywhere, we’re not trying to grow everywhere, we’re really focused on our core businesses and be additive to our core businesses. We have a great technology organization, we continue to enhance our current capabilities and our additive to our current capabilities with new products and solutions for our customers. So we feel comfortable with our tech spend, we think it’s appropriate. We also are always considering opportunities once again to enhance our position. So our strategy around tech expend is basic buy first than partner and then build. I think the evidence is demonstrated here with our investments in fintech companies and some of the new things we rolled out like a momentum out are reflective of that strategy.
Greg Carmichael: As Tayfun mentioned in his prepared remarks, we expect by the year-end to be at below 60% on efficiency ratio but we also believe there is more opportunity there both on the revenue side and on the expense side which is why we've engaged a third-party continue to look at additional items that we could focus on as we move into rest of 2018 and into 2019.
Greg Carmichael: There's some seasonality associated with it, Matt. There's also the additional benefit from the FDIC surcharge going away towards the end of the year. So, we are picking that up as well. We feel fairly comfortable with the guidance and there were also some severance expenses in our numbers this quarter. We're not forecasting those, we don't include those in our outlook for the remainder of the year. So I think, all in all we should be a fairly decent decline on a quarterly basis in total.
Greg Carmichael: And Matt one clarification that I want to provide is these types of studies take a little time. So we are at the end of the first quarter here in 2018, and it will be some time before we can actually finalize our perspective. So, I don't want to - we gave you guidance for 2018 total expenses. The results of this study may have some impact at the very back end of 2018, but any changes will most likely come more in 2009. So our guidance for total expenses remains intact as stated our slides as well as in our script.
Greg Carmichael: I think I mean - we don't necessarily give out - we give obviously annual guidance. This quarter the number was about $9 million or $10 million above the last...
Greg Carmichael: So a question with potential two answers, I'm going to answer the quarterly change in the provision and then I'm going to turn it over to Frank to comment on credit. Clearly, it was a sizable step-down from 1.3% to 1.24%. But there were some significant decline on the parts of the portfolio that sort of supported a higher reserve coverage. So that was actually a very good development. There were some specific reserves that tend to impact coverage levels and changes in coverage levels quarter-over-quarter. But overall really that change was significantly due to an overall improvement in the risk profile of the loan portfolio. And having said all of this, we still remain in the top quartile of coverage levels when you look at our peers. So, Frank any comments on the credit.
Greg Carmichael: So a couple of things, first of all the growth that you did see was really primarily driven with fundings under legacy construction facilities, frankly are beginning this season were coming towards the end of a cycle. In our opinion, we're being much more say prudent about our assets selection, our client selection. As you may recall, we previously after the great recession really pulled together on expert underwriting group with some talent versus having underwriting done out in the regions that's producing some excellent results, the asset quality and portfolio continues to be very, very strong. But as you look out this year, I wouldn't expect to see significant growth out of that portfolio's as we've previously shared. But to the last part of your question, we have really pivoted to some other asset classes away from multi-family a year ago, probably half of our production would have been in multi-family, today it's less than a quarter, as we really focus on those assets that we believe will have more economic scale to them and make sure that we are appropriately exposed to the commercial real estate market in the event of a cycle turn.
Jamie Leonard: Sums it up, I guess though the topic I think to touch on this the stress capital buffer in terms of all work we've done that derisk our balance sheet. If you look at the proposed rule and you go back over the last three years of CCAR submissions fourth with third our capital destruction is well below the 2.5% SCB buffer that's being proposed. So from a derisking standpoint we would certainly be - we would manage our portfolio well below 7% therefore will be subject to the 7% limit. And then from there obviously the benefit of the proposed rules will just allow us more flexibility for our management team and our board to manage capital going forward. But for now for 2018 CCAR scenario was pretty stressful in terms of the scenario. And therefore want to wait and see what the results look like at the end of June but like Tayfun said, we certainly - we’re targeting over 100% there.
Jamie Leonard: On the LIBOR OAS spread what we've assumed in our outlook is that spared and for us it's really sensitive to one month LIBOR. So one month LIBOR to Fed funds, we assume a 13 basis point spread level. So that's obviously up from the 5 bps in the fourth quarter and the 12 bps in the first quarter, but a little bit below where we sit today. We have that at 13 basis points the rest of the year, but then we have it normalizing in December where we revert back to 5 basis points. So is there some risk in the number to the down? Yes, a little bit but the historical spread on one month to Fed funds, I think it's about 10 basis points. I think we're into a new normal, but we don't have that number expanding and there could be some upside if one month LIBOR were to expand. In terms of our balance sheet on a one month LIBOR basis about 30% of our interest earning assets are tied to one month and only about 1% of our liabilities are. So that certainly carries some benefit to a balance sheet likewise.
Jamie Leonard: The protection you get in the GreenSky arrangement is a 1% escrow balance for first loss and then after that there's a lost coverage that's generated from what we call the waterfall the cash flows off the portfolio. And in total that number we ballpark in the 5% range. So we feel quite good that given the fico in the 760 range and a little bit over a 5% gross yield along with a little bit over 5% loss coverage. So these will be good assets for our return.
Jamie Leonard: So we actually do that in CCAR submission and it really shakes out how we look at the portfolio fairly close to what some home equity products would have been, pre-crisis and in the crisis to that in a base environment, we model a lost range could be around 3%. And then in a stress environment you could get two to three times that in losses. Obviously comfortable with how that plays out last year.
