Gregory D. Carmichael: Erika, we've been focused, as we announced earlier in my comments on expense management, as we announced the reduction of 105 branches and some of the talent re-engineering that we've accomplished. We'll continue to stay focused on our core efficiencies, making sure every investment dollar we put forth, we get return on that investment. But it's a very difficult environment right now with low interest rates, high regulatory cost. We'll give more guidance in January for 2016 on efficiencies. But right now I would tell you job one is to make sure we're taking care of our customer. And wherever possible we're extracting efficiencies on our current core operating environment.
Gregory D. Carmichael: Yeah. This is Greg. Vantiv continues to be a very valuable partner of ours. And we know that business extremely well. We know that management team extremely well. And as we've said consistently we expect to continue to reduce our position in a manner that is in the best interest of our shareholders. So timing is important. We want to be able to return much of that value to our shareholders as possible. You can expect us to continue along that strategy as we move forward.
Gregory D. Carmichael: Yeah, Sameer, this is Greg. First off we're in the midst right now of really solidifying our 2016, 2017 strategic plan. Now a lot of those technology initiatives once again focused on either driving revenue, extracting efficiencies, regulatory compliance are in our sights right now. And what we're really doing is just finalizing a plan. And I think in January we'll be able to give you more guidance of what we expect to see from an expense perspective and where those investments are going to take place.
Gregory D. Carmichael: First off I feel really good about the businesses we're in and the strategies that we put forth over the last couple years. I've been the President since 2013, I've been instrumental in those strategies. So I think strategically the direction that we're taking and that we have taken is the right direction. Obviously we're looking for opportunities to increase the pace of play, accelerate some of those investment opportunities for returns. So I think strategically we're in the right path. The talent that we brought in recently, I couldn't be more pleased with the additions to our management team. And I think going into 2016 we're very well positioned.
Gregory D. Carmichael: Ken, this is Greg. We've been very focused on talent in every single one of our markets. We have been growing our talent base in our markets. But once again we're really focused on the quality of our relationships, the right type of relationships, and being good through the cycle. So we're very comfortable with our performance right now and at the pace we're on. And we feel really great about the relationships we're bringing to the bank and the profitability of those relationships.
Gregory D. Carmichael: No. This is Greg. As of right now our implementation's gone fairly smooth, obviously focusing on the customers with the highest usage. We're in full stride of getting those cards rolled out. As of right now it's to plan. So we're not seeing anything that's surprising to us.
Gregory D. Carmichael: I think obviously our commercial business is a source of opportunity for us, as is our wealth business, which is growing nicely traditionally over the years. But in addition to that we've launched a payments division. And you look at our currency processing solutions, and our technology play in that sector supporting our retail and our healthcare sector. So I think payments is a source of opportunity for us. And we're looking hard at that technology stack, how it can be more additive in that respect through some potential M&A opportunities. We'll also continue to expand our footprint where appropriate in mid-corporate. And also our talent on the middle market side of the house, there's opportunities there I think that continue to grow. So it's really once again continuing to focus on quality relationships in our commercial business, partnerships, and extracting value in our payments business and being additive to our technology stack. And then obviously wealth management I think is a key integral part of our One Bank strategy. So I think those are the three areas where we can see some uplift in revenue. And if you look at our strategies, they're really focused in those key areas from a revenue perspective.
Gregory D. Carmichael: Marty, that's tough to say. But I would tell you this. Any time there's an opportunity to create long-term shareholder value, we're going to take a look at that opportunity, and that's important. But there's really no change to our core strategy around M&A. If it's bank M&A, we really want to be more relevant in our core markets today, where we can better serve our customers and extract more efficiency. So if we do a bank M&A opportunity, it's really going to be in our current markets. But we're also looking at opportunities as I mentioned earlier that'd be additive to our payments business. And that technology stack there once again is supporting our commercial business in retail and healthcare. We think there's some opportunities there from an M&A perspective.
Gregory D. Carmichael: Well what I would tell you is first off we live in a technology era. And you're seeing that with respect to our user preferences and how they want to bank, anytime, anywhere. You look at our mobile deposit applications, right now 50% of all of our deposits are coming through remote Web, 38% through our digital channels. Mike, we've been very mindful of the impact that has on our branches and branch traffic and so forth. So we're really measuring for a couple things. One is how do we touch and sell to our customers differently going forward? And also how do we drive back office efficiencies and improvement? And then what does that mean to our distribution channels, i.e., our branches? What do they look like? And how many do we need? So we looked at over 50 variables. And we assessed the – and we came down to the 105 branches that we wanted to reduce. We think we're at the right level right now. But as we continue to move forward in this environment, as we continue to roll out additional technologies, as users continue to change and preferences changes, there will be more opportunities in the future. I can't quantify that at this point.
Gregory D. Carmichael: I think at the end of the game we want to be very efficient in how we serve our channels. And I think retail and a lot of the stress on the retail revenue side of the house drives you really to focusing on efficiencies and how you serve that channel. That's a benefit for the customer and the bank. So it's really after efficiency, better service. At the end of the day net-net, that's the model we want to be in. And we absolutely are focused on efficiencies here, Mike.
Gregory D. Carmichael: I think it's all of the above. It's hard to quantify. What I can tell you is when we look at our strategies in 2016, 2017, what we're rolling out, we're focused on how do we roll that out faster? How do we drive those efficiency quicker? And how do we serve the customer better? So we're really looking at how we sharpen our pencil on the execution side of the house and get a better return quicker on our investments.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. Yes, Erika. I think the broader increase in the size of the investment portfolio is behind us. From now on we probably will see investment portfolio growth more in line with the rest of the balance sheet growth. In terms of larger moves on the deposit side I think we've taken care of most of the large deposits that tend to be LCR punitive. But we will always be focused to manage the deposit side efficiently in light of this continued low rate environment. And as I mentioned in my script, our early move on the LCR last year is giving us room to be able to do those efficiency moves on the rest of the deposit base.
Tayfun Tuzun: Now $102 million of that number was related to that single student loan backed commercial line. So a big majority of that is based on that. In terms of the rest I mean you'll see quarter-over-quarter fluctuations in that number, but nothing beyond that that would indicate any sort of broader issues.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. Just a broader comment on the reserve level, then I'll turn it over to Frank. We don't comment on specific reserves. But all I can say is, given the description of our energy exposure and given how we feel that I discussed during the script, we feel we are appropriately reserved for that exposure. And I'll turn it over to Frank for the rest of the commentary.
Tayfun Tuzun: And some of these relationships go back 7 years, 8 years, 10 years. They're very long term. And these are not relationships that were added in the latest part of the commodity cycle. So that was not the purpose.
Tayfun Tuzun: That's what we are expecting right now. That's correct. And I think that's in line with the guidance that we gave back in January.
Tayfun Tuzun: We did not provide where they were marked, Sameer. All we said was that we had an $80 million reserve against this pool at the end of June. And then the charge-offs basically came in at $102 million. And that included the impact of the spread widening during the quarter. But beyond that we did not provide any more details on the market valuations. But right now we feel pretty good at where we are with 107% collateral coverage. Should the additional $13 million of reserves against the pool of loans that – with attached FICO score of 750 plus and the 75 months' seasoning.
Tayfun Tuzun: And there again it's not on our books in the form of – this is a commercial line. So it's still in the commercial book.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. Obviously it's tough to comment on the outlook for what other lenders may or may not choose to do. But in terms of the impact of the current structure, we're working with our dealers right now. And clearly our strong preference is to ensure the ongoing business relationships that we have and to be good partners. And at this point we're not necessarily anticipating significant changes of the business that we do with our dealers. And as we look forward into 2016 after going through the dialogue that we have in place with our dealers, we'll give you a better perspective.
Tayfun Tuzun: So, Sameer, the comment that we made during the script if you missed that part, is we believe that the upward slope in the risk in compliance-related expenses will stop in 2016. Clearly some of these technology applications would be expected to replace some of the human heavy processes. And that will come in after – obviously after that. So but we will discuss this with all of you guys in a little bit more detail in the upcoming quarters.
Tayfun Tuzun: No. I mean we've seen the same comments. But in terms of the way we have our capital management actions planned, we're comfortable with the CCAR plan that was approved last year.
Tayfun Tuzun: I did not make any comments about our expectations for operating leverage over the next year. All I said was that the directive to the organization is very clear. We will extract efficiencies in our existing businesses and in recognition of the rate environment. It's very important for us to make sure that we create an efficient-to-deliver infrastructure. That's really the comment that I made. Now we've talked about the $65 million for example of reduction related to the closing of the branches, which will start in the second half of next year. We're clearly looking for more opportunities not necessarily in that area, but in all the parts of the company. And then going into the New Year we will share with you some of our strategic investment plans, and how they may impact at our expense base. But the comment that I made was that we clearly look to extract efficiencies from the rest of our expense base to be able to make some of those investments.
Tayfun Tuzun: And, Matt, just by the mechanics as you mentioned that the base was very small where it started from, which tends to elevate the percentage increases. And by nature of the shorter duration of those exposures, you will see a leveling off the growth rate. It just – it's very difficult to continue to grow that portfolio once it reaches a certain level of maturity.
Tayfun Tuzun: So I think we feel very good about the talent that we have and the product menu that we have to offer to our clients. We're happy with what we have.
Tayfun Tuzun: Some stabilization in production spreads is visible, but it's difficult to necessarily comment about whether it's going to last or not, because we've seen from quarter to quarter those types of moves, which did not last very long. But the difficulty is with respect to being able to project portfolio yields. Clearly portfolio yields are a function both of production spreads as well as payoffs and pay-downs. So at this point we are choosing not to forecast. But we are somewhat optimistic that we may see the impact of that spread widening in capital markets in loan markets, but it takes a while for that to happen.
Tayfun Tuzun: It is, Terry. We're not seeing necessarily an impact of the slowdown yet in our manufacturing base. All we're doing is we're just recognizing that globally, manufacturing is slowing down. Consumer tends to be stronger. But we're seeing slowdowns. And just recognizing again where we are in the expansion cycle. Recognizing that the global slowdown may impact U.S. manufacturing activity. But this is nothing specific relative to our specific clients or borrowers. It's more a recognition of the global macro environment.
Tayfun Tuzun: Fourth quarter tends to be a strong quarter in terms of pipelines. We've seen good production in Q3. And we are looking into Q4 with similar levels of activity.
Tayfun Tuzun: Let me give you my side, and then Jamie will comment on it as well. Marty, the difficulty is that it's extremely difficult to look back and compare what happened pre-crisis with rate moves, because we are operating under a significantly different liquidity structure and market structure. Our cautiousness is due to the unknowns. We want to make sure that we discuss with you what the outcomes may be. I don't think we – there is anything specific to Fifth Third that would drive these betas higher compared to our peers. It's just the fact that under the current liquidity rules, which have never been in place before, it's difficult to extract our future experience based upon past experience.
Tayfun Tuzun: And, Mike, it's also the increase in the average hours work for Greg's team is also another metric that we're switching.
Frank Forrest: No, I think you covered it well, Tayfun. Again the thing – one thing to keep in mind is when you look at the size of our energy book and you look at the size of our commercial real estate book, they're relatively small compared to our peers. They're stable. They're performing very well. And we feel very good about the outlook. So I have nothing else to add.
Frank Forrest: Yeah. On the – again, on the energy book if you think about it, we had $1.6 billion in outstandings in our energy book. It's less than 3% of our total commercial loans, 2% of our total portfolio, so it's relatively small. The place where we've seen the most stress has been in the oilfield services sector, and that sector is $330 million of outstandings or only 20% of the total. We will continue to see some stress, as Tayfun talked about. But we have no loans in the energy sector that are in NPL. And losses have been minimal over the last four quarters to six quarters, so that book continues to be well managed. It's well managed predominantly by our vertical with people that have a deep experience in the industry. We're highly focused on client selection. It continues to decline versus going up. And we believe it's – again it's being effectively managed today relative to the risk. And the size and scale of it is again I think fairly small.
Frank Forrest: The thing to remember is this credit was underwritten at a different time, in 2007. It's an outsized exposure relative to our risk appetite today. We would – the loan originated at a larger size than the $307 million. It was approximately $0.5 billion when it was originated. The original purpose was to securitize it, to move it. The markets were unstable at the time, and the securitization did not take place. Subsequent to that in the last 18 months we have added a number of elements into our overall risk management of the book to ensure that we are managing overall large credit exposure in a very prudent way. Our appetite has clearly changed and developed. Subsequent to that we have guideline limits in place now tied to PD, tied to industries that we hold very strict. And we have a very small bucket and appetite for any exceptions to that. The same goes with concentration risk across the company, whether it be commercial real estate or energy or leveraged finance. We have built in significant safeguards in place to ensure that that's the case. We have a handful of loans above $300 million. They are investment grade. Those would be the exceptions. Our appetite is more in the sweet spot of middle mark in the mid-cap lending, which is more in the $100 million to $250 million range for the majority of what we do and we hold. And we are also intently focused on originating to distribute. And so we built our syndication capabilities to be able to distribute more into the market, rather than holding it on our balance sheet. So the company has a completely different perspective and view in today's environment relative to appetite. And we've built many controls in place that we think were appropriate and prudent for good portfolio management relative to this exception again that was made eight years ago.
Frank Forrest: Hey, this is Frank again. Our exposure – overall exposure and commitments in the commodity sector is roughly $600 million. And we really have three to five key relationships that we've had longstanding relationships with, that we know the management teams exceptionally well. Very small number overall that we are very comfortable with. And we have a strategy with them that's consistent with our overall strategy in how we would go to market with different clients. We don't have a broad appetite for this sector. And we don't have a broad appetite as we go forward to do things outside of our normal footprint. But again we do have a very small number of select relationships, none of which we will talk about individually, that we are very comfortable with the management teams, with our strategy, and with our relationship. I'll also add that when you look at that book, it is a very short-term book in terms of maturity. Most of it self-liquidates within 12 months. So it's liquid in that regard. And we feel comfortable with our exposure at this point.
Frank Forrest: Well, first off our CRA rating is very important to us. And it is certainly our intent to serve all of our customers fairly and to represent credit availability in all the markets that we do business. Our publicly stated goal has been to achieve regulatory excellence in all facets of our business, and that certainly includes full compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act. I really can't speculate on the question that you have at hand. All I can tell you is that we expect to be fully compliant institution as we go forward. And we've developed strategies in place to ensure that that will be the case as we advance forward.
Frank Forrest: So, yeah. We can be clear about it. We actually have 47% of our total commercial book would be Shared National Credits. That's not really that unusual when you think about it from a regional bank perspective. We underwrite all those credits to our own account. We don't buy a credit blindly. We underwrite every credit as if we were the lead on that credit. That portfolio has performed very well. It is predominantly an investment grade credit. We have approximately 2% of that broad portfolio that is criticized. 2%. So it has performed much better than the broader portfolio that we have in the company. It's a very diversified credit overall. I don't have the specific average number that we have. But again as it relates to large exposures, I said before we have a very small number of exposure that would exceed $250 million to $300 million, very small handful of exposures. And those are to investment grade companies that have a very high PD. Companies that we've been very selective in doing business with, where we have a high degree of confidence in the management team, who have a long track record of success operating through the cycle. So the bottom line with this SNC credit is that we get a lot of questions around it, and I understand why. But it's a portfolio that is high grade, well managed, underwritten to our own book, and it has continued to have exceptionally strong asset quality. And we do not see any differences in that book as we go forward. It's a small book relative to leverage, and it's a small book to relative to energy. It's a very diversified book of high-grade credits predominantly in our footprint within the U.S.
Frank Forrest: Hey, this is Frank. It's predominantly multi-family and industrial. They are strong credit names, predominantly high-grade. I can stress we're doing no speculative lending in that book. So these are credits that we feel very good about. We are not a long-term lender. We are predominantly a construction lender. The majority of the long-term financing is being taken care of by other financial institutions. Client selection for us is imperative. We're dealing with large regional and national developers that we know very well. Again as you said the overall size of our exposure in our book is still very small relative to where the company has been before. But we're comfortable in that space. So high grade, it's predominantly multifamily and industrial. It's in good growth markets. And again we're very focused on client selection and very strong, sound, prudent underwriting, non-speculative.
Frank Forrest: Well it is becoming more frothy as you say, but we are not catching up. We're being very prudent and selective in who we want to do business with. And again it's credit tenants in these projects are – they're developers that have strong balance sheets. Client selection in commercial real estate is the first imperative. And beyond that it's ensuring that we're not making exceptions in our underwriting practices. And it's making sure that we're doing things that fit our risk appetite. And doing speculative lending is not in our risk appetite now or going forward, and we're not doing that. So we're being very prudent in what we do and what we put on, very selective. And we're very cognizant on how much exposure we have in the individual market, especially those that are showing more growth. So overall again we feel very, very good that we're – what we're doing is exactly consistent with what our appetite is, multifamily, industrial, high grade, strong client selection, non-speculative.
Frank Forrest: This is Frank. We have a very small international book overall. And again as we've said before, we have a small number of commodity clients that we value. We've had a longstanding relationship with that have ties back into the U.S., back into our company. But our overall international exposure is very small. It's a very small piece of our company. And our overall commodity exposure, as we indicated before, is very small as well. We're managing the book appropriately. And we're comfortable with the relationships that we have in place.
