Tayfun Tuzun: Gerard, given that we are getting -- we're past the half-point and we're getting closer to the end of this CCAR period, we would plan to do that in the next CCAR period.
Tayfun Tuzun: With respect to the expenses, I would say, yes. I think more movement on the expense base related to variable revenues comes more from the fee line items. But in general, the impact of a higher-than-guided NII performance should still keep that expense range intact.
Tayfun Tuzun: And just so you know, in general, if during the year we outperform NII, everything else being equal, only, and only due to rate changes, our variable compensation typically does not move.
Tayfun Tuzun: Look, I think in general, the more money we make, you would expect a higher payout in dollars. We're still clearly waiting for the Fed’s CCAR assumptions and background, and we will run that through our numbers. But we are still targeting a sort of mid 9-type cap -- CET1 position for 2019. And our payoffs will correlate to that target.
Tayfun Tuzun: It does. And I don't necessarily have an updated number for you as to the impact of the tax reform. But as you recall, in December, during our Investor Day, we discussed that there were some adjustment to revenue expectations, especially related to loan growth assumptions. And we did say that, both in 2016, and '17, and also in '18, our loan growth assumption is somewhat lower than the initial estimate that we had when we laid out our expectations. But in return, we also mentioned the lower asset growth enabled us to purchase a higher amount of capital, which continues to support the same ROTCE targets that we laid out. And as the tax reform also is moving these targets out, we are actually ahead of our initial expectations with respect to that.
Greg Carmichael: Yes, Gerard, good question. We did see, I think along with most of our other peers in the industry, significantly elevated pay-downs and payoffs. Over half of that I'd characterize in -- I would direct to our commercial real estate portfolio line of business. The majority of that were asset selling, very low cap rates, high quality assets. Also, a number of those that were moving to the permanent market with a continued flat yield curve, the balance of that would be some of those end-of-year movements that you've seen in the industry, where companies were simply de-levering and maybe positioning themselves relative to the new tax policy. Frankly, we're still trying to figure that one out and see where that one goes. But I would say that was widespread though across geographies and across our businesses, but nothing out of the ordinary beyond that.
Greg Carmichael: And Erika, this is Greg. We continue to focus on expenses as evident on our 2017 performance of flat year-over-year growth. This is an area of heighted focus in the organization. We continue -- will continue to focus on that as we move into 2018, and do a better job of managing expenses on as we move into the year.
Greg Carmichael: Well, first of all, I will tell you that as I look at the activity levels that we had in the fourth quarter, they were substantially elevated. It was a very strong quarter of production, and it was across all of our corporate banking verticals, it was across nearly all of our geographies. If the tax policy changes, beginning to come into play, I frankly -- I had a lot of conversation with a number of CEOs and CFOs, middle market corporate relationships over the last few days, and various -- unquestionably a growing optimism, that can create a tailwind I believe for us as we look at 20018. But I'd also remind you that we've continued to reallocate our resources. We've, consistent with our North Star strategy, have built out new verticals, our TMT vertical continues to frankly accelerate, and we are developing a very strong name there. Our healthcare vertical had a great quarter. I think they were well positioned for 2018. The ACA Act, with that kind of becoming a little bit less of an issue; there is more clarity in that industry. We are very active there, and I think that you will see more around that space in the near future; energy -- with energy prices that's clearly creating a tailwind. And frankly, I'm really pleased we have some leadership, we have recruited additional middle market bankers throughout, some of our footprint, look you know, what we shared in the past around the Floridas and North Carolina, we got Tennessee really moving, Indiana being our strongest region for the year. But some of the markets where we have recruited bankers, we have new leadership such as Georgia, such as Cleveland, Northeast Ohio, such as Chicago, these are markets that frankly had a really good fourth quarter and we believe are very well positioned for 2018. Tayfun shared with you growth in that nominal kind of GDP, I believe that there could be some tailwind there. I'm optimistic we got the right business model, we got great talent and I'm looking forward to again.
Greg Carmichael: Our LCR target is to operate north of 110 level, so clearly the 129 is a bit elevated driven to some extent by just seasonal inflows and some cash positions, but it certainly gives us some flexibility as the year progresses. But also keep in mind, that’s just a point in time on the last day of the quarter. So it does move around intra quarter. But it would certainly give us some flexibility as 2018 progresses.
Greg Carmichael: All right. Okay, I think we will end the call there. Thank you Adam, and thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third Bank. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact the Investor Relations department and we will be happy to assist you.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, Matt, this is Jamie. The fourth quarter of '17 number was $44 million. That is what we guided to all throughout 2017, because it's based off of the Vantiv tax return from a year prior. So that number is locked in a year in advance. So the 4Q '18 number is also fairly close to being locked in, and that's about $20 million. And then going beyond 2018, given the change in tax rate from 35% down to 21%, the go-forward number on those TRA cash flows would be in the $24 million range. And then those numbers shouldn't change appreciably as long as Worldpay has sufficiency of income to utilize and tax rates don't further change. And the only then variable to all of this would be whenever we would sell our remaining Worldpay interest, it would generate another $340 million or so of cash flows over the next 16 years. So, really look at $20 million for 4Q '18, $24 million beyond and until another disposition occurs.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, this is Jamie. The betas that Tayfun referenced, cumulative beta, roughly 22% does include some increases in promotional offers, both in the retail segment as well as with some exceptional pricing in commercial. In terms of the acceleration of the beta, the June hike, we experienced about a 35% beta relative to that 22% that we've had cycled to-date and when you break that down by product, commercial accounts experienced above average beta at about 41% cumulatively whereas the consumer accounts have experienced a below average beta of about 15%. And then add a little more color, when you break it down by the line of business, that 22% cumulative data translates to 6% in retail, 46% in our wealth and asset management line of business and then 52% in commercial. So I think that highlights where we’ve come and as Tayfun I mentioned, we are in that 45% to 50% modeling for the next couple of rate hikes.
Jamie Leonard: Yeah. You have to realize that there is a denominator impact of that as well because the portfolio is shrinking and beyond just some seasonality, there is really no, but we’re pretty pleased with what's going out on the auto.
