Daniel T. Poston: No, I think the only other thing I would add is that Kevin mentioned some of the industries that showed some strength. You were asking, Ryan, kind of where we felt most comfortable, where we were seeing good results. I think it is pretty broad based, not only on an industry basis, but also on geography basis. I think virtually every one of our markets showed positive loan growth this quarter. So I think it's pretty broad based across markets and industries. The only other area I think where we have made investments and we've seen strength is in the mid-corporate area. We improved or invested in resources in that area in terms of RMs and also invested to increase our capital markets capabilities, which are important to customers in that size range. And we continue to see very strong results in the mid-corporate area, which is good for loan growth, but also good for generation of fee income.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, I mean the environment is competitive. I think that competition, I don't think manifest itself in lessening underwriting. I think all participants in the mortgage market now are very focused on underwriting very closely to GSE standards. That's something that, obviously, has gotten a lot of focus with the magnitude of put-back exposures that everyone is dealing with. So I don't think we've seen that competitive pressure manifest itself in deteriorating underwriting in any fashion at all.
Daniel T. Poston: Erika, I think in terms of the guidance that we've given, I think our expense guidance incorporates into it the expected decline in mortgage activity that we refer to in our guidance as well. If mortgage volumes come off more than our guidance suggests, I think we do have a tremendous amount of flexibility to adjust the expense base. As we built the mortgage business, I think we have done so with the idea that someday we would have to take down some of those costs. So a lot of our capacity from a mortgage perspective to deal with the refi boom comes from things like temporary labor over time, outsourcing some functions that enables us to react pretty quickly to changes and volumes and adjust the expense base accordingly.
Daniel T. Poston: Well, I think overall, we saw growth across the board. I think the concentration in growth, I think, is probably in that mid-corporate and up space. I talked a bit about the impact of the investments that we have made in the mid-corporate area. So we've seen outsized growth in the mid-corporate area in this quarter and that would be expected to be a contributor to our growth as we go forward.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, I think in terms of total assets, I think that the assumption relative to total balance sheet size should probably be that it would increase consistent with what our loan growth guidance is. I think the fact that there was a disconnect on those this quarter is probably just a quarter-to-quarter average.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, I think that's fair. The math that you did, I think makes sense. I think the number that you arrive at is inclusive of our expectation on both margins and volumes. And that probably is slightly better than what we had anticipated when we gave -- we initially gave our full year guidance back in January. So application volumes, while initially weak in early in the first quarter, improved pretty significantly in March. And so we're optimistic about second quarter results. That's reflected on our guidance, still cautious about the second half of the year.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, our period end growth was flat this quarter. Some of that is due to some securitization said activity that occurred in the first quarter that was not anticipated to occur in the first quarter. So we securitized $500 million worth of auto loans. We also sold $60 million worth of jumbo mortgages in the quarter, which wouldn't have been reflected in the guidance earlier. Overall, I think we did expect a fairly strong growth in average balances with not as strong of growth in the period imbalances due to the impact of the very, very strong fourth quarter results.
Daniel T. Poston: So I think the expectations are generally in line with what we were seeing at the beginning of the year with the exception of some of that securitization in sale activity. And we would expect, as we go forward, pipelines feel good. Activity coming in to the second quarter feels good and we expect to continue to post results from a loan-growth perspective on an average balance basis that's consistent with what we saw in the first quarter.
Daniel T. Poston: When we look forward, we see a pretty stable activity in our auto originations. The portfolio clearly is a mature portfolio. So the impact of monthly originations is not huge, but we would see similar trends going forward that we've seen over the past 3 or 4 quarters. In terms of securitizations, this was an off-balance sheet transaction to improve our capital usage in the business. And periodically, we may execute all balance sheet securitizations, but we will basically review the profile of our originations and determine if there is an opportunity for us to do the same thing. We may do on-balance sheet transactions going forward along with off-balance sheet transactions. So we will be opportunistic in that sense.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, I'm not sure -- well, from a preferred perspective, we talked about $1 billion in preferred issuance made up of 2 pieces. $500 million of which was anchored to the Series G preferred stock conversion and then the buyback of those shares. So if that conversion occurs and we buy back the shares that preferred stock is converted into, we would anticipate issuing about $500 million of preferred related to that. And then, we also anticipate issuing another $500 million in preferred just to make progress toward what we perceive as the right mix of non-common Tier 1 as we move toward Basel III.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, I think we will do that as we approach phase-in of Basel III. It is a question of when. It is included in the capital plan for this year. I think the timing of that transaction being executed will be based on our evaluation of the markets and when is the most appropriate time for us to do it from that perspective.
Jeff Richardson: This is Jeff. Mid-corporate to us is -- middle market is kind of a big space and so this is the upper end of middle market that we're talking about when we say mid-corporate.
Jeff Richardson: The thing that I would tell you, Brian, is for the most part, our leverage lending portfolio, while we participate, is really not very large in this scheme of things. We're kind of a middle-market lender in the leverage lending space. And so we're not active in large corporate leverage lending, so we don't have a significant impact. The driver of our growth and the driver of what we've been bringing to the table is really around the investments that we've made in terms of different verticals. And you've heard us talk about the success we've had both in the health care space, the energy space, which we feel very good about the team and talent that we've lifted out this past year. We think we're on the early stages of seeing the benefit of that to us, so we think there's some legs there for us to continue to run with. And then also in -- that the manufacturing space, that's more broadly we're seeing impact of that and opportunity of that and particularly, in the upper Midwest part of our geography. We think we also will see some additional opportunity in the commercial real estate. We still see, as you've seen in terms of our reporting this quarter, a run-off in the commercial real estate portfolio. We think that at some point that levels out and begins to not detract from overall loan growth for us going forward. We're doing that business in very different way. We've got it, I think, in a much more disciplined and focused perspective, in terms of the way we're approaching it going forward. And we'd expect that we don't know when and we don't have the crystal ball in terms of the timing on it, but we are seeing more and better type of transactions in that space. So we think that, again, that might be an opportunity for us later this year to be contributory to the outstandings as well. So I hope that addresses your question, Brian.
Jeff Richardson: This is Jeff. So the Series G conversion is a contingent situation. So there are certain requirements that need to be met from a stock-price standpoint and that has a pricing period. And that pricing period is month or 2 from now. And so we can't say whether that will happen because it requires something to happen in the future. But if it does happen, then Dan talked about how we would fund that.
Jeff Richardson: This is Jeff. I don't have the exact numbers here. Retail is -- retail and direct are about half of our originations, correspondent and wholesale being the other half.
