Chris Doll: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we’ll be discussing our financial results for the first quarter of 2019. Please review the cautionary statements in our materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain reconciliations to non-GAAP measures along with information pertaining to the use of non-GAAP measures as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third’s performance. We undertake no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. This morning, I’m joined by our President and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Operating Officer, Lars Anderson; Chief Risk Officer, Frank Forrest; and Treasurer, Jamie Leonard. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call up for questions. Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.
Chris Doll: Thanks, Tayfun. Before we start Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have allotted this morning. During the question-and-answer period, please provide your name and that of your firm to the operator. Laurie, please open the call up for questions.
Chris Doll: Thank you, Laurie, and thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third Bank. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact the IR department and we’ll be happy to assist you.
Tayfun Tuzun: Sure. So we really in terms of the standalone Fifth Third performance whether it’s advice to the second quarter or the full year we don’t see a change from our previous guidance and that’s why we wanted to keep if you look at Page 11, we still are using our 2018 base as the same as before. So drivers obviously with respect to our Fifth Third standalone fee growth are largely corporate banking revenues led by capital markets piece. I think wealth is going to likely have a good quarter. And in general once you cross the seasonality with respect to deposit fees going into a stronger quarter for mortgages, those all support a better second quarter performance as we are guiding you here up 12%, 13%. With respect to MB, again, the big change relative to their run rate is going to be the added operating lease revenues, they were recording I think maybe a little over $20 million to $25 million in net performance and that number now for the year is going to about $90 million. So you can probably distribute that amount evenly across the quarters. We do believe that post closing and as well as sort of post conversion which we expect to be in early May, the MB fee income trends to pick up for the rest of the year as their pipelines will now post conversion start building strongly. In terms of the rest of the year for the company, we still expect an economy that is in line with the current level. We expect again corporate revenues to be leader in terms of moving our non-interest income numbers for the year. The big change really when you think about it is the removal of the $29 million of TRA payment in the fourth quarter and it’s just a change in timing. But we believe that there will be some strength in the remaining numbers between now and the fourth quarter, so we expect to make up a good amount of that lost fee income in the second and third quarters. In the fourth quarter though we are going to see lower total fees, which also I’m going to highlight this because it’s important. As you know, the efficiency ratio that we’re guiding to is a little bit different than the efficiency ratio we guided to previously which was under 55%. That $29 million TRA payment and together with the impact of the grossed up operating lease revenues and leases, they have an impact on the efficiency ratio. So in general, our fee guidance continues to remain very close and maybe a little bit higher than what we guided back in January.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. So, John, we were really pleased with the growth that we saw in the first quarter. It exceeded our expectations. Obviously there’s a few moving parts there. Our production was at higher levels than we have seen in most first quarters which is typically seasonally lower. That really benefitted us. Also the disruptions in the capital markets in the fourth quarter that slipped into the first quarter really impacted some of the institutional loan markets. So that muted some of the paydowns that we otherwise may have realized. Our commercial real estate portfolio successfully pivoted as I’ve been sharing with you over the last year or two. We actually saw a little bit of growth in the overall commercial real estate line, but I would underscore we saw a decline in our construction loan portfolio as that gets later in the cycle and we selectively added term, mortgage opportunities that really fit into our late cycle strategy there. So really putting all of that together with a lot of the investments we’ve made in frankly talent, our processes, our redesign, our middle market focus, all those really are coming together and frankly are producing the outcomes that we had hoped for in not just the first quarter but 2019 and beyond.
Tayfun Tuzun: Not really. There’s really no discrete items I think we had positioned for the investment portfolio ahead of the closing on our side and with liquidation of most of their investment portfolio. In terms of the loan portfolios, clearly all commercial portfolios are going to be subject to in cooperation and drive business, so we expect to grow their business along with ours. We are obviously entering a couple of new indirect consumer businesses; RV, motorcycles and recreational. There are no immediate changes. We are going to evaluate that business over the next number of quarters. And unless we see any changes from what they have seen, our goal is to maintain those businesses as well. So no big changes. On the deposit side, I do believe that the combined company will perform stronger in Chicago. On the consumer end obviously we’re bringing a lot more products and the digital access that should benefit the overall consumer base in Chicago. And on the commercial side I think we also bring over better corporate treasury management capabilities. So we would expect for commercial and consumer deposit growth to benefit from this.
Tayfun Tuzun: Ken, we don’t project losses, we’ve never done that. But in general, MB does not have an incremental add to our loss ratio. To project the trends, they obviously dilute the portfolio a little bit with sort of the denominator. The trends should mainly reflect Fifth Third’s loss rates. And as you said, the last sort of three quarters we’ve been between 30 and 35 basis points. Right now we have no information to believe that that trend should be changing. So that 30 to 35 basis points current range is probably a good range for the rest of the year.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, it’s a little too early to give specific to 2020 guidance. But our expectations with respect to the year have not changed. There’s just a little bit of a change here in the fourth quarter with TRA. But with respect to the contribution that we’re getting from MB and standalone performance trends, I think everything is pretty much in place. So we’re still guiding to the same trends. As the year progresses, we will be able to give you a little bit better guidance. Obviously it’s only been a couple of weeks since we closed this transaction. So I’d like to get a little bit time under our belt in order to give you more specific guidance. But nothing has changed compared to what we thought previous to the close of the transaction.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, just a couple of things. Obviously it came in a little bit higher than we expected. And when we looked at the details, there are two portfolios which is about 15% of the total loans that resulted in about 30% of the charge-offs. The testing pools that we started out, as you know we’ve been working on the legal platforms starting in 2017 and fine-tuning our Fed. So there were a few tests that we ran back in '17. And the second portfolio that contributed a little bit heavier were the early online originations. So if you were to exclude those I think the charge-off trends have been very much in line with the rest of the industry in the last sort of two years or so since the beginning of '17, charge-offs have come up about 40 basis points excluding those. And we expect as those two portfolios continue to amortize, we expect the charge-offs continue to come down during the rest of the year.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, I think that’s right. In terms of where we anchor these targets we’ve said for the last three years that our goal is to perform at the higher end of the peer group distribution. When you actually setup the structure of your financial guidance and provide quantitative support for those, they are somewhat environment dependent. These are not meant to give perspective during a recession, et cetera. But in all environments in terms of relative performance, these quantitative targets should be good targets for the long term.
Tayfun Tuzun: The balance sheet is a little bit larger in terms of the size. That’s probably the biggest impact behind that along with the TRA payment.
Jamie Leonard: Sure. So, Scott, we included on Page 16 in the presentation what we expected this question to be which was just how the shares would work going forward. So we end the quarter at 739 million shares outstanding. The remaining portion of the ASR will retire an incremental 5 million shares in the second quarter. And then to Tayfun’s point should the Worldpay pre-purchases occur in the back half of the year that would have no impact on the second quarter. And then the diluted impact from equity awards typically ranges in the 12 million share range. So if you’re working on the EPS calculation, I bet that should give you enough to narrow in on the outstandings.
Jamie Leonard: Erika, it’s Jamie. Most folks that I’ve seen have calculated a template payback capacity for Fifth Third in the $2 billion range excluding Worldpay. And so that’s the ballpark I would – I think you should – your number appears to be a little bit on the high side ex Worldpay.
Jamie Leonard: Sure. I’ll take a stab, but I think there were three or four questions in there and if I miss any, let me know. In terms of deposit costs, we would expect as Tayfun mentioned in the first quarter we had an 11 basis point increase in interest-bearing core deposit costs during the quarter, up from 88 basis points in the fourth quarter to 99. And then the MB portfolio was priced relatively in line with ours. They were about 91 basis points on interest-bearing core deposit costs at the end of the year. So given the beta that Tayfun mentioned, the upper 11 we felt good about the performance in the deposit book. And then as we turn towards the second quarter with a little bit of the tail on deposit rates, we would expect that interest-bearing core deposit costs to be up 3 to 4 basis points in the second quarter. And so when you look at the NIM outlook, as you mentioned, we’re going from 328 to 332 exclusive of the purchase accounting benefit and then the 332 should be fairly stable throughout the back half of the year which gives you your full year average. In terms of the securities portfolio, we repositioned a lot ahead of closing the transaction, as Tayfun mentioned. There’s a little bit of treasury bills still remaining, about $800 million or so that’s been used to collateralize municipal deposits at MB that we will most likely have runoff in the second quarter. So the portfolio on an average basis will be up a little bit but not as much as you might be modeling such that our interest earning asset forecast for the second quarter would be up 10% to 11%, so loan growth obviously ahead of that and then the securities portfolio relatively flat during the quarter. And then as the year progresses we will look to be opportunistic either to add additional hedges or add a little bit investment portfolio leverage if the opportunities present themselves. But if not, we’re very comfortable with our 325 to 329 yield on the investment portfolio and fairly stable balances from here on out. Maybe this is also a good time since if the question doesn’t get asked, I want to get this out. In terms of the PAA accretion versus the CDI amortization, we expect those two line items to neutralize each other. So out of the two we don’t see much of an impact on the bottom line so that you guys can also model that appropriately.
Jamie Leonard: Saul, it’s Jamie. The goodwill impact in the roll forward that you see reflects the preliminary credit and rate marks, about 360 million and about 100 million of that is allocated to the PCI non-accretable yield portfolio. And so then the residuals is then the rate and credit mark on the accretable yield portion and that’s where when you look at the contractual maturity of MB’s loan book of 5.5 years that’s where it drives your 15 million a quarter PAA.
Jamie Leonard: So the one caveat since we’re in the bowels of merger accounting is that all of these numbers are preliminary and are based on the contractual maturities obviously actual portfolio cash flows and any final goodwill adjustments over the range of the year will move it around a little bit. But I think you’re using the 15 million a quarter as a good baseline for now.
Jamie Leonard: So the one change that is made from our original estimates, we had assumed a 10-year some of your digits. After going through the portfolio, we ended up selecting a 7.5-year life to the CDI. It’s 183 million CDI over 7.5 years which translates to about $40 million impact this year and that’s driven by their business banking and lower middle market focus has a higher turnover rate in the deposit book than what our book does, which is understandable given that our book is heavier weighted to consumer as well as upper end of middle market and large corporate. So that was the one change from the model last year was going from 10 years to 7.5 years.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, Gerard, it’s Jamie. We forecast the rate cuts would be 2 basis points of NIM erosion. And obviously in the fourth quarter of 2018 we took some pretty good steps to hedge our down rate risk. But as you see in our disclosures it’s still certainly a top risk that we’re mindful of and obviously would have goals this year to further increase the hedging program if the opportunities present themselves. But if those opportunities aren’t there and the Fed were to cut rates, we currently model a 43% beta in the down rate. Perhaps we could do a little bit better than that, but we would expect a 2 basis point hit to NIM as a result.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, the last couple of moves up have been as Tayfun said in his opening remarks in the 50 to 60 range the past two cuts up. So if we were able to mimic that on the way down, we would certainly do better than what our asset sensitivity disclosures reflect which is a linear 43% on the way down.
