Chris Doll: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2020. Please review the cautionary statements and our materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain reconciliations to non-GAAP measures, along with information pertaining to the use of non-GAAP measures, as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. We undertake no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking guidance or statements after the date of this call. This morning, I'm joined by our CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Jamie Leonard; President, Tim Spence; and Chief Credit Officer, Richard Stein. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Jamie, we will open the call-up for questions. Let me turn the call over now for Greg to his – for his comments.
Chris Doll: Thanks Jamie. Before we start Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and the follow-up, and then returning the queue if you have additional questions. We'll do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have allotted this morning. Melissa, please open the call for questions.
Chris Doll: Thank you Melissa and thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third. If you have any follow-up questions please contact the IR department and we will be happy to assist you.
Tim Spence: No, I think, that's absolutely right. As you said, I think, we're particularly pleased with the pickup in middle market production that we saw in the fourth quarter and the continued strength in the industry verticals like renewable energy, technology and healthcare where the bank has made fairly significant strategic investments over the course of the past several years. 
Tim Spence: Yeah. No. I mean, Mike new competition is always something that we watch closely. And I think I wouldn't isolate it just to the folks, who are traditional, financial institutions that are building into our markets. We pay a lot of attention to the fintech companies. In particular given that in some cases they are arbitraging, the regulatory apparatus at the moment in a way that creates imbalanced competition. I think the point that Greg made to me is the most important one, is we have on a sustained basis continued to gain share, even in our highest density markets over the course of the past three or four years on primary banking relationships, which we view as being the best measure of market share. Because the decisions you make on pricing a deposit product or you domicile headquarter deposits or otherwise, have a big impact on the FDIC numbers that you sometimes see people use on a period-to-period basis. So the strong household growth we have seen across the franchise in particular in focused markets like Chicago and the Southeast as Greg mentioned, on the consumer side of the business and the strong core relationship growth that we continue to see out of our middle market franchise are the things that give us confidence in our ability to continue to compete.
Tim Spence: Yeah. It's 3% household growth over the past year. But if you were to look at our growth in prior years, it would have been in the 2% to 3% range, quite steadily. So we've actually seen some acceleration, driven both by the build-out in the Southeast. And the growth rates for our Chicago market post-MB have been among the strongest in the franchise and definitely far stronger than you've ever seen in Chicago, when we were Fifth Third on a stand-alone basis.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. Scott, it's Jamie. For PPP in total NII, we expect about $150 million in 2021 which includes about $60 million in accelerated forgiveness fees, which compares to about $100 million of total NII in 2020, which included only $10 million in accelerated forgiveness fees. And right now in our outlook, we expect first quarter forgiveness fees to be in line with the fourth quarter. Perhaps that's we -- we'll be better than that from a forgiveness perspective. We've got about $400 million or a little bit less than 10% of the 2020 originations forgiven. And so as we model it out, we expect the majority of the fees from the 2020 originations to be forgiven in the third quarter as borrowers approach that 16-month time horizon of needing to make payments or have it forgiven. So right now we expect the back half of the year to have a little bit more accelerated fees. And then as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect the 2021 round of PPP to be about $2 billion in originations and then that will accrue at a lower rate just given the five year term on those loans. So we expect about a 1.8% yield prior to any of the forgiveness fees. 
Jamie Leonard: Sure. I think some of the momentum coming off of 2020 will lead to a very successful 2021 in the fee businesses. We did grow households 3% on the consumer side. And then the investments we made in the capital market offerings over the past several years should bear fruit in 2021. So when you line up the fee categories for 2021, I expect high single-digit growth in treasury management and commercial banking, which does include the capital markets business; mid-single digits growth in consumer deposit fees, wealth and asset management and card and processing; and then low single-digit growth in mortgage. 
Jamie Leonard: Yes. On mortgage in the fourth quarter there were capacity constraints and there was the headwind from our decision to portfolio $250 million of our retail production. Those loans will close in the first quarter, and then you'll see that show up in the residential mortgage balances in held for investment. And from there, we do expect the capacity constraints to be behind us. And from an MSR perspective this environment for servicing is certainly challenging. We expect that to abate in the second half of 2021. And all-in the low single-digit growth for 2021, I think is a very achievable number for us. 
Jamie Leonard: Yes. Thanks for the question, Peter. In 2019, we approved $100 million share repurchase program. We have 76 million shares left under that program. So call it $2.4 billion. Right now for 2021 you assume the Fed continue their trailing 12-month net income test and you look at our guide on earnings you should generate about $1 billion of capacity assuming no additional reserve releases. And if you look at our capital from a spot basis at the end of 12/31/2020, we have about $1.2 billion of excess even with the loan performance that we've had. So I think for 2021 should the Fed open the window $1 billion or so is -- I think, everything triangulates to that level. 
Jamie Leonard: Yes. And that's essentially what we did in the back half of 2020. In the third quarter, we repurchased our own Ginnie Mae forbearance pool and that was about $750 that came on to our balance sheet. In the fourth quarter, we purchased a servicers' pool to the tune of $2.1 billion, as well as taking the $250 million of retail production and putting it on the sheet. I think, for now we've done a lot of work on the residential mortgage portfolio to improve it. And we think the returns are incredibly attractive. I think going forward, I'd like to see the loan growth be in other categories, just given the convexity risk you have in residential mortgage and that we've done enough. So that's why we expect in the first quarter to get back to selling all of our production. But, again, I think, the trade that we were able to execute was a nice deployment of excess cash and certainly a far better return than just buying mortgage-backed securities. We think the ROA, it was 2% or so on that transaction, versus security purchases are probably 1% to sub-1% right now. 
Jamie Leonard: Yes. Thanks for the question. So we do include the $2 billion of additional 2021 PPP in our guide. I think the NII guide of down 3%, that trajectory could improve, I guess, to the point of the first question on the call today, through higher commercial line utilization, because we do assume just a small uptick in the back half of the year. And frankly, there's not much we can do about that. It's a borrower-customer demand situation. A steepening yield curve benefit would also help. We anchor our guidance on the January 4th implied forward curve. So, perhaps we'll do a little bit better there. And should the curve steepen significantly then we would have opportunity to deploy excess cash. Third, with regard to the PPP, we're assuming $2 billion of originations but as we -- and perhaps that's a conservative number because as we sit here today we've submitted over $1 billion in apps in just the first two days. And then finally, as Greg mentioned, perhaps there'll be better commercial loan production through higher borrower demand and CapEx and inventory buildups. And from a production expectation perspective, we're expecting 2021 commercial loan production to be up about 20% or so from 2020 but still down 7% or so from 2019 levels. So, our outlook assumes improvement, but not returning to a 2019 type of economy. 
Jamie Leonard: So, prior to some of the challenges that were cropping up in the environment we had a 9% target. So, should the economy improve as we hope it does in the back half of 2021 9% I think is a logical next step for us. When we stress test our balance sheet we believe our balance sheet has a risk profile that could be run in the 8.5% to 9% range. Our stress capital buffer is currently 7%. So I guess the Fed's perspective is much lower than that. But I think for us for this year we're targeting 9.5% and we'll evaluate that target as we see how the economy unfolds.
Jamie Leonard: No, I think that's a good observation and we are experiencing that phenomenon. And we saw it in the fourth quarter NIM and it's a factor in our first quarter guide. Right now from C&I production levels just given the floating nature of the portfolio yields are roughly in line maybe five bps below the current portfolio. But on the consumer side which is more fixed rate in nature instruments, we are seeing new production yields 25 to 35 basis points below portfolio yields. And so that is certainly a headwind in our NII outlook.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, I think it's a great question and we're seeing a divergence in practice across the banks. Our view in terms of what the rate environment would need to progress to in order to put our excess liquidity to work is we would like to see 50 basis points or more improvement in the entry points either through the spread widening or curve steepening. A lot of banks to your point is defined in on the 25 basis points of steepening or even before that. But credit spreads have tightened 10 basis points or more over that time so that the net entry point improvement to us is not that compelling. In fact by our math if you bought in the third quarter or even in the first couple of months of the fourth quarter you lost $2 in value for every $1 in carry you picked up over that period of time. So, you still have more risk should the curve steepen further. And we don't want to be stuck in a bad trade chasing balances at what are still historically low levels of rates. So, the good news for us is we are very well-positioned in the investment portfolio. We have the luxury of time. Portfolio cash flows are about $1 billion a quarter is how we're modeling it. So, we just think being patient -- we can afford to be patient and we'll move when we think we are getting the appropriate risk return in the environment. 
Jamie Leonard: Yes. $180 million in the first quarter and then any additional repurchases are certainly subject to the Fed allowing us to do so.
Jamie Leonard: So the -- I'll take the second part of the question first because, that's the easier one. Right now, against our target of 9.5%, we have $1.2 billion of excess capital. So, until the economy shows significant improvement, $1.2 billion would take us down to our target. So I think that's a fair number to use. The income test would deliver a little bit less than that. In terms of the CCAR opt in, it's funny because, we've discussed this as a team and we officially have until April 5th to decide. But right now, given that our binding capital constraint is our own internal target of 9.5% versus the Fed's prior Stress Capital Buffer for us at 7% or even 7.2% in their COVID tests, should they adopt those December results in the SCB, frankly, we feel like our team deserves arrest at following the six stress tests we did during the pandemic. And there's essentially nothing to be gained by participating. So, I think for now, if I had to decide today, I would decide not to opt in.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. So, it's interesting when you look at the guide for us, the 45 to 55 basis points for the first quarter, we actually expect charge-offs to be in the 40 to 45 basis point range and grow during the year. And to your point those losses get pushed out. But we certainly expect the 45 to 55 range to be the peak, even though some of the additional stimulus are elongating this cycle. I think ultimately the peak of the cycle keeps coming down, which is why we continue to guide to a better and better number. So right now, I think 45 to 55 will be the peak for us.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. We're invested in about $3.5 billion of non-agency CMBS and it's holding up well. The delinquency rates are mid to high single digits, but the credit enhancement right now is approaching 40%. And we only invest in the super senior AAA-rated tranches, so that we're at the top of the repayment stack. So we're not concerned about the credit exposure in the non-agency book.
Jamie Leonard: Yeah. It's a very good question, and the answer really comes down to the fact that the modeling of the ACL was based on the Moody's hypothetical scenario, and that's frankly why we included that in the prepared remarks, so everybody would have that information. It is certainly a scenario that is one, the base scenario is more conservative than our own outlook; and two does include a 20% allocation to a downside scenario that obviously we don't expect to happen. So, by its very nature delivers an ACL reserve that would be higher than our expectations for losses in this environment.
Jamie Leonard: Well, the reserve calculation is a three-year -- for us a three-year reasonable and supportable period, and then it reverts back over the remaining years to your historical loss rates whereas our guide is our internal modeling over the next 12 months. So, you can have differences in that given the different scenarios that are used.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. I think to your question, if the outlook continues to improve all other things being equal, the reserve will come down and should come down. Our point is, we remain conservatively positioned and prudently positioned given the uncertainty in the environment and we'd like to get through another three to six months and see how this unfolds with vaccine efficacy and the economy turnaround.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. It's a good observation. We do have a higher run rate in the first quarter and due to the seasonal items that we typically haven't that I discussed in the prepared remarks. And yes, when you model it out, $1.1 billion is a fairly good run rate to assume given the revenue projections. If the growth ends up being better than the 3% to 4% then expenses obviously revenue ranges would be higher. But for our outlook, right, you are exactly right. And then the benefit that we might have in the fourth quarter to the extent our lean process automation and other initiatives pay off sooner than the 2022 time horizon then you could see some additional improvement in the fourth quarter. But for now, we're expecting $100 million to $150 million of savings to occur in 2022 and not in 2021.
Jamie Leonard: In terms of the 182 and the day one level, we spent a lot of time looking at that as to when should we or if we ever should return back to that day one, 182 basis points. And right now our current thinking is that in order to get there, it will take -- it's going to be measured a lot longer than several quarters, because we're going to exit this this crisis with corporate debt levels leverage levels significantly higher coming out than they were going in. And you would the way the modeling works you would have to have an economic outlook as well as the outlook was essentially in 4Q of 2019 and that might be hard to ever get back to at least in the next couple of years. So I think the bias for all of our reserves across the industry is probably to take a longer period of time. And ultimately if you said if - take a guess as to where that plays out over the next two years. Or at the end of two years from now would you be at your day 1? I'd say we probably are over that number because of the corporate debt levels and because the economic outlook is probably not as favorable as the 4Q 2019 outlook was when we adopted CECL.
Greg Carmichael: John, this is Greg. Good question. I get it often as you might imagine. I think first off, we haven't changed our position. We're really focused on non-bank M&A opportunities as evidenced by our recent acquisition of H2C that really supports our not-for-profit health care part of our vertical. So it's really about making sure that we are additive to both our products and our service capabilities for our fee-based business whether it be wealth and asset management, our payments capability, our capital markets capability. That's where we're spending our energies right now and then really getting out of businesses that are more in hobby such as we talked about our property and casualty business. That wasn't really providing the returns we're looking for and we couldn't get the scale. So our focus is going to continue to be on those opportunities to enhance our business value proposition and grow those fee businesses. And that's the move we've been focused on the last five years mainly. From a bank M&A perspective, it's not on our agenda right now. And as always, we would assess in an attractive situation. But today, that's not our focus. Our focus is on non-bank M&A, that adds to the business we just discussed.
Greg Carmichael: No, that's pretty -- no not the institutional side. We're pretty much focused on like I said the wealth and asset management side, where we made acquisitions like the Franklin Street Partners in North Carolina. That's pretty much our focus right now on the wealth side of the business.
Greg Carmichael: Mike, let me start. This is Greg. And I'm going to defer it to Tim, because this is a great question for him also. If you think about, the investments we're making, we still expect to run on an expense basis down next year, as we continue to make the strategic investments. Our strategies and you've heard this over-and-over have not changed in the last five years as far as how we're focused on our business which is digital transformation, feeding our business organic opportunities to grow our businesses such as our fee-based business that I just discussed a moment ago. And that being added to the acquisitions our fintech plays to add to our products and capabilities to deliver to our customers, our services. So we're going to continue to focus on that. We're very competitive. The household growth that we've seen at 3%, strong growth in our Southeast markets, we're a leader in the Chicago market. So we like those investments. So we're very comfortable on our ability to compete. We think our investment structure we have in place today allows us to continue to grow our franchise. And be extremely competitive. So we're not going to change that. We're going to continue to feed the opportunities that we think creates the greatest value for our shareholders. Let me let Tim add, from his side.
Greg Carmichael: No. This is the conversation. It's Greg. With the conversation, we are obviously -- that's on the forefront of how we think about our business. But we are taking a conservative approach. We do want to wait and see over the next couple of quarters how this vaccine plays out, how the economy out. You're exactly right. If you look at what we've got modeled versus what our expectations are, I think there's significant upside for reserve releases as we go in to the latter part of this year if things play out as we expect they would.
Greg Carmichael: In terms of it's volatility absolutely yes. I mean obviously given the CECL methodology and going into a stress environment you saw this huge, huge swings that we're dealing with right now then also the adjustments necessary to release of reserves. On the models that have been tuned for this no one modeled in a pandemic. These are new models. So there's a lot of qualitative adjustments to these models that bears burdens to the uncertainty in front of us right now. So and it does definitely makes them more volatile for us. 
Greg Carmichael: First off good question. I think we're well positioned to be competitive in the markets that we're in. The investments that we've made I think are aligned with our long-term growth expectations and success of our business. So I feel really good about how we're competing today. The challenge always is, is when we look what watch these fintech players come forward not under the same regulatory oversight that we're doing with capital expectations and so forth so there's a threat there that we're kind of watching. If they get access to the banking system payment rails and so forth that could create some stress for us that I'm very concerned about. But as far as our investments in fintech entities themselves, the investments that we're making I'm comfortable with. It's really those fintech players out there that aren't under the same regulatory framework that we are creating some stress for us snooping around the edge of our profit pools and maybe shifting some customer behavior. So that's probably the thing that keeps me up most at night. As far as competing against other banks I think we've done all the right things to do that just making sure we keep our eyes open and we have been on what it looks like against some of these other nontraditional bank players. To that end that's why we've made significant investments in our digital capabilities and really created a digital bank ourselves. All of our lending products are online available - production online service capabilities. And we've made huge investments in our digital capabilities to make sure we're well positioned to deal with those type of threats.
Greg Carmichael: I think once again we've been either a partner or acquirer of fintech opportunities. Once again it gets back into our strategy whether it's buy partner then build. So we always want to focus on the technology and capabilities that are already out there. And it fits into our strategic direction with respect to how we're going to gain a lot with proper offer or how we're going to offer it. And what the opportunity looks like from a growth perspective we'd like to buy that capability if it's already there. It's a quick way to get to the market. If we can't do that you can watch us do numerous fintech partnerships to allow us to get the capabilities through that type of relationship. And if we can't do that you've watched us build and build those capabilities. And that's really been our mindset over the last decade with respect to how we handle fintechs or how we address those long term.
