Chris Doll: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today we’ll be discussing our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2021. Please review the cautionary statements in our materials which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain reconciliations to non-GAAP measures along with information pertaining to the use of non-GAAP measures, as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third’s performance. We undertake no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. This morning, I’m joined by our CEO, Greg Carmichael; President, Tim Spence, CFO, Jamie Leonard; and Chief Credit Officer, Richard Stein. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Jamie, we will open the call up for questions. Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.
Chris Doll: Thanks, Jamie. Before we start Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have allotted this morning. Operator, please open the call up for questions.
Chris Doll: Thank you, Ludy. And thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third. Please contact the IR department if you have any further questions.
Greg Carmichael: John, this is Greg. I’ll start off and with those activities prepared with a lot of color to your question we were expecting of course. First off, we've made significant investments over the last five years in our strategic markets in the Southeast, west Coast, Texas on verticals and talent and so forth. So we would expect to see this type of outcome as we go into last year into this year. So we're very pleased with the performance. We're very pleased with the momentum we have going into it. Once again, I think it's a byproduct of the investments we made in talent, our expansion of these geographies and just the way we've approached this business over the last five years. You're starting to see the outcomes. But Tim will give you more as the markets itself and where we're seeing the outcomes.
Greg Carmichael: First, thanks for the questions. Our strategy hasn't changed. It's really, as you said, it's the bolt-ons opportunities non-bank transactions, just like we did with Dividend, which we couldn't be more pleased about that acquisition and how it fits into our portfolio of opportunities strategically. But more of those type of opportunities we're going to continue to look for. So point of sale on the consumer side, in addition to that, we're going to continue to focus on wealth and asset management opportunities that might emerge. Obviously, on the cap market side, on the advisory side of the house there's other verticals that we're looking for partners in that space from an advisory perspective. So we'll continue to focus on those opportunities, the fintech plays and the advisory that fits to some of the additional verticals, wealth and asset management will be the areas of opportunity we continue to stay focused on. And when you think about a bank acquisition right now, especially given all the challenges and complexity of what we're seeing in on the regulatory front in Washington with some of the movements that are underway right now and the challenge to get a large transaction done or a bank transaction for banks over $100 billion that's out there. So it's on your mind as you think about the timing to get a transaction done. But once again, at this point right now, our focus is to be relevant in the strategic markets that we're already banking in. There's not many of these opportunities that exist right now. So once again, it's not a primary focus of ours today, and I don't see that in the near future also as we think about the rest of this year.
Greg Carmichael: First of all, we're always going to continue, Erika, invest in the future of this company. We're in it for the long haul. We never do anything focused on the quarter or even for a full year. So we'll continue to invest. Look at our technology investments. It's been running around 10%. You can expect we're going to continue to do that. We're also going to continue to invest in our ability to expand this franchise both geography, product sets through our verticals, capabilities, in our talent capabilities. So we'll continue to invest in those areas. Obviously, wages are another area we're going to have to continue to step up on and be aggressive on which we have been as a leader in the minimum wage going from 12% to 15% to 15% to 18%, we took that pain before most of our peers did. We saw the need to do that. So, as you think about our investment, we're going to continue to invest. But we also believe a lot of the guidance we're giving right now this year, when you think about the first 3, 4 ,5 increases on the rate side of the house, most of that will fall to the bottom line as we already got our investment structure put in place for 2022. Beyond that, we'll continue to think about our investments necessary. You can expect some of that then will start to continue to turn into future investments. But I think as you look at this year, the guidance we provided most of that would fall to the bottom line.
Greg Carmichael: But I do think the supply chain constraints. I think the labor shortages and so forth are here to stay for a while. I don't see that add at all as we go into the year. But I think people are adjusting. I think corporations are adjusting, I think they're figuring out ways to do things more efficiently. As Tim said, there's not a customer we talk to where labor is not an issue. There's not a customer we talked to where they would like to build more inventory faster. But I think we've just done a good job of banking these customers and taking those relationships. But it will still be a challenging environment as we move forward. But we're very optimistic in investments we've made in the geographies and people and capabilities. And we just feel like we've got -- we get the right formula right now.
Greg Carmichael: Yes, we tell you if we wanted to and if we thought there was a right opportunity, another if that's out there that makes sense that's actionable, I would be very concerned as a CEO to try to introduce an opportunity right now into the regulatory environment with some of the constraints that are out there. I think on how they're thinking about mergers until I get some of those items addressed, dealt with, figured out. I just think it's going to be problematic for a period of time.
James Leonard: Thanks, Erika, and welcome back to the coverage of Fifth Third. So I appreciate the question. Let me take it in two parts. So first, when it comes to the macro view and for the industry, you go back over the last 100 years, I think there's only been two years where deposits didn't grow in the industry. So I do believe that there can be deposit growth as the Fed tightens and history proves that. So when it comes to Fifth Third, the more idiosyncratic view that we have is that, we would be comfortable having up to one-third of our excess cash migrate away from Fifth Third deposit products and into more productive vehicles for those customers. So with that said, when we look at our deposit betas, our deposit pricing outlook for the rate hikes on the horizon, we're going to be very disciplined on those deposit rates. And therefore, if deposits leave, it's a very manageable outcome for us. However, I will tell you, given our strong commercial client acquisition, our strong treasury management growth and our strong household growth as we sit here today, even with balance and disciplined deposit betas, we still expect deposit growth this year at Fifth Third and that's even with continuing to run down our CD portfolio. As much as I would be comfortable with a little bit of deposit outflow, I think given our sales success, we will have deposit growth this year.
James Leonard: I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Tim to add a little more color, but thanks for the question, Gerard. In terms of the loans and why they scream so profitably. Right now, it's offered as a 20 to 25-year term, the coupon, the customer is paying is in the 3% range. But the tax incentives are significant and allows a merchant discount to be paid and that merchant discount could add as much as 5 percentage points to the yield given that the loans end up being about a five year life. So you end up in the 22%, 23% type of federal benefit as part of the energy tax credit program. So there are some moving parts here. The yield will ebb and flow as a result of how that merchant discount plays out in the ultimate weighted average life, but that is why on the surface. It is a very profitable business more so than some of the other consumer origination channels that we have. And this is an area that we even talked about at several of the conferences in 2021 as a key challenge for Fifth Third is really improving the technology and the distribution around home equity lending and other consumer point-of-sale origination channel.
James Leonard: Yes. As you pointed out, it's certainly a low loan-to-deposit ratio in the mid-60s right now. It's certainly far better than I think our -- at least in my career, our highest number was back in 2005. It looks like 120%. So I think the optimal ratio is probably somewhere in between. I'd like to operate the balance sheet in the 85% or so range, which is why we would be willing to have some of the more rate-sensitive deposits run off during the tightening cycle, but also and more importantly is that we do expect significant loan growth as we talked about $10-plus billion could be $13 billion to $14 billion next year. And so that's going to help give a nice notch up in the loan-to-deposit ratio, but it probably takes us a couple of years to get back to the number that we would, I think, like to operate and that would be indicative of a very productive balance sheet.
James Leonard: Yes. We feel very confident in our ability to manage expenses. It's one of the things that's been a hallmark of the company under Greg's leadership is the expectation that every year, every area has to get more efficient. It's just a base expectation when we go through our planning and you see it in the results. So heading into this year, there's $125 million of savings that I'm highly confident we will achieve through the lean process, automation, through the branch consolidations and the vendor savings. But then as Greg pointed out, we do want to invest in our employees and in our franchise to really drive that revenue growth. So I think we've got a good approach here where we're balancing the revenue growth and sales expansion of the company while leaning out the support functions. And then to your main point of the question when it comes to inflation, wages, we have a stronger merit pool this year, and we have the special equity grant that we mentioned earlier to help improve retention, but that comes at a cost, and that is baked into our guide. And our guide was to be up 1% on a stand-alone basis. The Dividend acquisition adds 1.5 or so to the expense number, which is how we ended up in the 2% to 3% range. But as Greg said, we're really focused on the long-term performance doing the right thing in the long run. And I think our expense discipline helps drive that and it may appear to an outsider when you look at the numbers, that there's not a lot of activity there because things are fairly stable. The reality is we are driving a lot of savings, but we're choosing to reinvest those savings to improve the company for the long run.
James Leonard: Yes, Mike, I would say that while the pandemic is not over, we're navigating it quite well with all of the strategies that Tim and Greg have laid out and that we're very bullish on that loan growth for 2022 in addition to the Provide acquisition now adding Dividend Finance to the Fifth Third family.
Timothy Spence: Yes. I think to Jamie's point, I mean, point one, Gerard, as it relates to the way that you grow it is it's easier to grow when you have a strong tailwind, and there's no question when you look at the level of investment that's going to go into home improvement over the course of the next five to 10 years focused on sustainability. There is a really significant opportunity. I mean the Dividend's business today has been primarily on the solar panel side of the business. But in addition to that, there's storage, which is a fast-growing sector. There's energy efficiency-related investments, whether that's HVAC or Windows or green landscaping or otherwise. And then I think as we continue to see this push towards electric vehicles, there's a dynamic as it relates to high voltage currency into different parts of the homes than you needed previously. So all those categories are going to be big drivers of secular growth in the broader home improvement sector. And with dividends positioning, and the investments that have been made in this end-to-end technology platform, I think we believe they're pretty uniquely positioned to benefit and to continue to gain share there. I mean this is to call it a point-of-sale platform is almost to understate what it is. It's a fully integrated end-to-end solution that allows contractors to drive quoting to specify the sort of technical details around the installation itself. They're third-party data checks on the appropriateness of what is being installed, given the weather environment and the power generation potential and the local utility rates, which are obviously very customer-friendly, but also a good guardrail for the contractors themselves. They have APIs directly into the largest contractors CRM system. So in many cases, there isn't a third-party point of sale at all. It's just generated out of the iPad application that the contractor is using to begin with. And then all manner of downstream capabilities, including not funding loans until there's actually power coming off of the panels today that provide a really excellent customer experience. So as they come into Fifth Third, they obviously have the benefit of our balance sheet. That's one less thing that these fintech credit mono-lines otherwise would need to do in terms of recruiting bank funding partners. So we should be able to improve the product innovation velocity the way that we have with Provide bluntly. Provide's launched more products in the last six months than they had in the three years prior, okay, on the financing side. I think the other obvious benefit is while we are not believers in the way that some are and the opportunities associated with indirect lending to checking account cross-sell, they are very obvious loan-to-loan opportunities here, whether it's the Fifth Third mortgage servicing portfolio and providing an extension of credit there. We're leveraging our ability to underwrite and manage home equity and to connect that with a replenishable open to buy against what's an instalment alone or otherwise. So I think that is how we -- the first point of growth here is going to be make sure we get the talent. And we'll continue to make investments in the technology platform benefit from the secular growth. And then we're going to add capabilities that a bank can have in this case.
Timothy Spence: Yes. I mean, Mike, it's Tim Spence. Hello. No, I think the supply chain issues are still real. We have many clients who say they'd like to be running at inventory levels that are above where they're at. I just think we took share this year. I mean that's the reason I anchor back to this point about our having record new relationship growth, new quality relationship growth into the commercial bank. Anecdotally, when you get into the ground, there wasn't a geographic market that didn't add double-digit new relationships this year, then you go out and you talk to those clients. And then literally, they were house relationships at other places who either associated with the disruption or who felt like they were not getting what they needed in terms of the breadth of capabilities or who follow the banker that we managed to attract into our franchise over time, who chose to move from another financial institution to Fifth Third. So, I think that is the reason that we managed to grow at the rate that we did despite the fact that there are still natural constraints to inventory building. And then we haven't yet seen the pop quite at the level that we expect to see, although we did get some benefit of that associated with the M&A activity. I think the one other thing I would tell you is there was an inflection point this year in our pipelines, when we got people back into the office and we started seeing clients in person, in April of this past year. And the level of activity that we generate through our One Bank model, which is the relationship management model that's been in place here for more than a decade, is really core to the way that we grow business. And I think we saw the outcomes of that over the course of the year in terms of the acceleration of loan growth and production in particular.
Timothy Spence: Yes. Matt, it's Tim. Thanks. So just to recap, I mean, we talked a lot about the fact that we've been among the least reliant banks on punitive fees for a while now and about the fact that, that really was a part of about a three to four year journey that we have been on to improve the checking value proposition and then really to get out of the business of charging customers when something went wrong as opposed to charging them because we've added value and giving them the tools to manage liquidity more effectively. And it was because of all the forces you see people reacting to today.  So yes, I think we've been very clear about what's in the Momentum banking proposition. The fact that it offers the broadest suite of tools to avoid an overdraft that we talked a little bit about in the fourth quarter, the fact that we made changes in October including things like changing posting orders, increasing the de minimis negative balance threshold, lowering the limit on the number of daily occurrences. I think essentially the same things you're hearing from others today. Lastly, the -- one other item that has been on the road map that we are moving forward with is eliminating NSF fees, and we do intend to do that at the end of the second quarter, all those changes are incorporated into the 2022 fee outlook. So you should not expect an incremental negative from Fifth Third associated with the evolution of the way that we think about helping customers manage short-term liquidity.
