Chris Doll: Thank you, [Dkitria]. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. Today, we'll be discussing our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2019. Please review the cautionary statements on our materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain reconciliations to non-GAAP measures, along with information pertaining to the use of non-GAAP measures, as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. We undertake no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. This morning, I'm joined by our President and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Operating Officer, Lars Anderson; Chief Risk Officer, Frank Forrest; Treasurer, Jamie Leonard. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call for questions. Let me turn over the call now to Greg for his comments.
Chris Doll: Thanks Tayfun. Before we start Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have this morning. During the question-and-answer period, please provide your name and that of your firm to the operator. [Dkitria], please open the call for questions.
Chris Doll: Well, there is no further questions. Thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third Bank. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact the IR Department and we'll be happy to assist you.
Tayfun Tuzun: Not with the gain that we book. We typically go to the Fed with a specific request, but clearly, the first quarter 2019 gain on share sales, we are able to buy back shares with that. But obviously, this gain that we booked in the fourth quarter goes into our overall capital ratios, which gives us a better starting point for the 2020 CCAR exercise.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. And maybe this is a good point for us also to add that for the year, our NII guidance for the year basically assumes a fairly flat, even maybe a slightly down average portfolio balance. So, for those of you who are modeling investment portfolio numbers for 2020, our decisions on the investment portfolio tend to be very opportunistic, but for now, as we sit here at the beginning of the year, we're not anticipating an increase to investment portfolio balances. If we do see opportunities, if the environment changes, that clearly will have an impact on the actual performance when we get to the end of the year.
Tayfun Tuzun: Sure. Yes, I think the progress in our reserves and the impact on the provision number is probably very similar to others, except for when you look at what's driving the higher reserve rates, it really is the longer dated loans and some of the consumer credit outstandings. We, as you know, have been very clear on our expectations with respect to the residential mortgage portfolio. We do not intend to grow that portfolio, not necessarily because of CECL, but just because in the current interest rate environment, I don't think that we're getting paid to grow that. And home equities have been declining. That's another portfolio that has a relatively large increase in – under CECL compared to the incurred methodology. So, those two portfolios should not contribute much in terms of increases in reserve coverage. The one portfolio that we continue to grow is auto. Now, auto CECL is also higher than auto incurred loss. So, that should have a slight sort of increase, but if we continue to grow our commercial book, as we have done so in the past, that's our biggest book, and we will continue to grow that. I suspect that our coverage ratio ultimately will not change much from where we are standing, but we're all going to have to wait and see how this plays out. It is without having not even a quarter under our belt, it is very difficult to establish good, reliable trends, given the impact of these various macroeconomic scenarios that we will be applying.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, there is no – Ken, there is about $11 million, $12 million just the direct fee that we pay to the OCC. It's just – that's the marginal increase in direct costs, but there is no seasonality.
Tayfun Tuzun: That's correct. The change is a unique change year-over-year, but it will be in our expense rate going forward.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, so we clearly – we have always intended to – in the past number of years to achieve it. We achieved it every year. And we continue to keep the same target. And when you look at the contents of the remaining expenses beyond that 1% sort of unique change, Erika, clearly our largest expense is in compensation. And there is an underlying inflation built into that, and that consumes over 0.5 point of that expense increase. And in addition, there is also another 0.5 point or so in expense increase related directly to revenue growth. So, if the revenues sort of tend to come in slower than we expect, we believe that it will be reflected on expense growth as well. And then, we're going to have to make some choices as to where to invest and where not to invest to wait out a slower revenue growth environment.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. The capital decisions are independent from that, Matt, because they – the timing of these availabilities are random. We have in the past – we're very clear. Lars mentioned the confidence that we have in our advisory businesses, in commercial. We clearly, if we come across opportunities to even grow our advisory M&A services etc., we will be looking for those. Long time ago, we started talking about potentially adding more capital markets capabilities in commercial real estate. As they may become available, we will be focusing on those. We have invested in our asset management business. There are opportunities that are financially feasible and rewarding. We will be looking at those. So, it is going to be more business commercial-oriented fee-oriented opportunities, but at this point, what we do with the capital that we have is somewhat independent of the opportunities. If we see the opportunities, we will execute them regardless of whether we're sitting on $0.5 billion of capital or not.
Tayfun Tuzun: I can't necessary – yes, we renewed the relationship, and we renewed the relationship of having had the experience with GreenSky over the past couple of years and having seen a fairly stable credit performance. Having said that, we believe that the renewal actually benefits us the way it was done, the way it was structured from a credit support perspective, as well as pricing perspective. That's all I'm going to comment, given the fact that they're the counterparty to the agreement, but we feel pretty good as to where we ended during the renewal discussion.
Lars Anderson: Yes, Ken, we're really pleased with how the North Star investments foundation have really played out. We shared with you in particular the re-platforming of our FRM business. We're already seeing the benefits of that. You can actually see that in our foreign exchange performance this quarter. FRM business is really coming back. It's strong, but in addition to that, a real focus on our advisory model, our relationship banking model and aligning our businesses to both our middle market focus as a company, as well as our industry verticals to be an advisor, a consultant, which that meant that we really needed to go after the investment banking piece of capital markets, and that is paying big, big dividends for us today. So, an example of that would be Coker Capital that we acquired, and that perfectly aligns with our advisory approach to the healthcare industry. Most recently, you saw the fact that we recruited 12 investment bankers in San Francisco. It aligns with our renewables and solar business. So that's the theme here is to continue to build out a broad platform to serve the industries, geographies, and segments that we plan to win in. Now look, we may not be able to control the ultimate loan growth quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year because there are macroeconomic impacts on that, but one thing we can do is, bring them advice, solutions, and those are often tied toward our fee products and services. And you're seeing that come through in our corporate banking success. I'm really proud of the talent that we have.
Lars Anderson: Yes, Matt. So, first of all, just to address the first quarter, there's seasonality issues in that. So, I would really be looking to Tayfun's guidance for the year. That's what we're focused on is executing in 2020. There has been a heightened sense of caution as we have moved through the second half of 2019 with some of the global tensions, tariffs, those kinds of things, but some of the resolution of that, we're beginning to hear some positive things. We're seeing some activity levels that are reflected in the pipelines, not just from a lending, but also from a fee solutions perspective. That is giving me a little bit more confidence as we look at 2020 and a potential pickup in activity levels there. So, frankly, I'm not looking at 2020 with a lot of concern. I feel like that we can go out there and execute, given where we have positioned our resources in the Southeast in middle market banking, in industry verticals, but in summary, there is still a sense of caution, but I would describe it as positively migrating. As you see, a number of things start to play out in the global marketplace and with some of the trade tariff activities recently completed.
Lars Anderson: Yes. No, so actually going back to a previous question, just so that you understand, the build that you see, and we have seen both in middle market and corporate banking, increasing volumes of loan production throughout the year, and that is really encouraging, which I had mentioned about 2020, some of my optimism. On the flip side, and part of the muted impact in the ultimate balance sheet, a softness in the industry that we're seeing has been in paydowns, elevated paydowns. However, the complexion of that changed in the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter, rather than just deleveraging of some of our portfolio, what we saw with the two biggest drivers was number one, higher risk assets in the leveraged lending portfolio where we actually saw a decline there. And that's a positive thing. It's strengthening our balance sheet. And it's not that we will not extend credit into the leveraged lending market, but we're being very disciplined and selective in that market. The second piece of it goes back to what Frank said earlier. We saw pretty significant paydowns in our construction lending line of business, which I shared previously in prior calls that we expected that that would begin to occur. This was a sign of a healthy commercial real estate portfolio late in the cycle. So, maybe a little bit more than you asked, but to kind of frame it, we do not see that leverage lending will be a growth area for us for a period of time this late in the cycle.
