Sameer Shripad Gokhale: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing our financial results for the third quarter of 2016. This discussion may contain certain forward-looking statements about Fifth Third pertaining to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, and objectives. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from historical performance and these statements. We've identified some of these factors in our forward-looking cautionary statement at the end of our earnings release and in other materials, and we encourage you to review them. Fifth Third undertakes no obligation and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. Additionally reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures we reference to in today’s conference call are included in our earnings release along with other information regarding the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A copy of our most recent quarterly earnings release can be accessed by the public in the Investor Relation section of our corporate website www.53.com. This morning, I'm joined on the call by our President and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Operating Officer, Lars Anderson; Chief Risk Officer, Frank Forrest; and Treasurer, Jamie Leonard. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call up to questions. Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.
Sameer Shripad Gokhale: Thanks, Tayfun. Before we begin Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have this morning. During the question-and-answer period, please provide your name and that of your firm to the operator. Shelby, please open the call up for questions.
Sameer Shripad Gokhale: Okay, thank you Shelby and thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third Bank. If you have any follow up questions, please contact the Investor Relations department and we’ll be happy to assist you.
Lars Anderson: Yeah, so Shea this is Lars and just a few comments there. First of all what we are hearing from clients, they continue to be cautious, they are asking about making significant investments. I guess you'd seen some of that play out in the lower M&A activity that we are seeing as we've headed further into the year. That uncertainty also revolves around questions about political what is going on in China, Brexit, EU type issues. So those are certainly coloring some of the advancement that we are seeing. We did clearly see a slower production in the third quarter, but I would see that as a little bit more seasonal which we typically see lower levels in July and August. So I would say it was more pronounced this third quarter, however with the things that we are doing investing in our verticals, new businesses and frankly we’ve got some geographies some markets there are performing very well. I would expect that we will continue to see loan growth at a good stable rate on a go forward basis. We got great business model one that clearly is being well received in the market place, our advisory base relationship model is long embraced and we are seeing that reflected in deeper client relationships that is helping us to drive fee income.
Lars Anderson: Yeah, I would just emphasis again this has been a very deliberate plan of balance sheet management and to ensure that we are optimizing our capital and our liquidity from a corporate perspective and is an alignment with our relationship banking strategy. And I would tell you one of the complements to this is, as we build out businesses such as the verticals where we are delivering specialized industry expertise, it is also helping to speed our capital markets business and drive that at rates that are far beyond the expansion of what has been pretty much a flat industry. We may be growing our capital markets in the 14%, 15% rate.
Lars Anderson: Yeah, so first of all, I think, Ken, you’ve touched on a good point. I mean part of it's going to be driven by the overall economic environment and that's why we guide towards GDP. But as we continue to build out our industry verticals, those are continuing to provide nice lift for us, as well as drive excellent fee income and frankly attractive returns for our shareholders. We're going to continue to focus on that. We're going to continue to build that industry expertise, but I would tell you in some of our core middle market regions, we've seen nice growth in North Carolina, Chicago, throughout the Europe, South Florida, Cincinnati, so we're going to continue to focus on execution, improving that client experience, investing in new industry verticals, and frankly growing what is a very healthy commercial real estate portfolio where we've really seen some nicely improved attractive asset quality metrics under a underwriting structure that is much different from the last cycle centralized in an expert line of business both on the line and with risk partners.
Lars Anderson: Yeah. So, in terms of - the way we look at project North Start to give you a very broad picture, the qualification of the improvements in returns translates to a roughly $800 million type pretax income improvement between now and 2019. So, the way we think about it is there is a base performance uplift from the businesses that we have and in a base-case scenario probably roughly divided, let's call it a $300 million to $400 million. We can do that by managing the expenses and then growing the revenues that are already in place. And then we look at some of the balance sheet optimization targets that we are establishing. That probably, I don't know, it’s called itself in the [ph] $100 million to $150 million range and then roughly another $150 million to $200 million in fee income growth. So, that leaves somewhere around $150 million or so in expenses. These are broad numbers. We will share more details with you. The timing of the expense saves will start coming in 2017. Some of them are already in play. You probably see the major restructuring and I think it will accelerate into 2018 and 2019. Some of the projects, underlying expensive projects relate to the commercial business and to redesign that project is picking up. It's going to have somewhat of a delayed impact, but again we would see probably a more meaningful save in 2018. And then there are other infrastructure investments that we're making. But that doesn't mean ‘17 does not have any of those. I think there are some expense initiatives in play that also will contribute to ‘17 and those are the types of details that we would like to share with you as we approach the year end and the beginning of the New Year [ph].
Lars Anderson: Well, I would just kind of go back to the prior question. This is about balance sheet management. This is about prudently using our capital and reinvesting it in the right kinds of relationships. And it's not just about credit, it's about the entire relationships. It's about the solutions in developing deep strategic advisory type relationships and we're seeing that happen and play out on a go-forward basis. So, I would just underscore as I look across almost every business line that we have in the commercial bank, we've either stabilized or slightly increased and in some cases moderately increased our core loan spreads, which has allowed our company really to benefit from a large part of the rise that we've seen in LIBOR or in some institutions you've seen some of that absorbed away within our spreads. Let me tell you something. The market is no easier today from a competitive environment perspective than it was several quarters ago. In fact, I would submit that it is more aggressive today. Smaller banks are going up market. Larger banks are going down market and non-banks are playing at levels we haven't seen before. So, we're going to have to be at our best. So, frankly we've got great bankers with great businesses. I've got a lot of confidence in them that we can continue not just for bulk orders, but for the long-term to produce.
Lars Anderson: Yeah, that's a great question. So, asset-based lending, as you know, we would not include in the leverage lending portfolio. But it’s something that’s very attractive. When we are out with the client, we want to be very active in providing a broad range of solutions including credit solutions. ABL has not been a growth area of this company. We have a new leader. We have a new team in a number of our producers and we have new alignments both on the line and in credit and we see it as a significant area of growth for us on a go-forward basis. One of the benefits of that is it's a very relationship-centric type extension of credit with treasury management and other products and services and it also tends to outperform when the cycle turns, which is complimentary to what Greg shared with us as the vision for our company.
Lars Anderson: That is more about our approach heading into the year to trend back production in some of the lower spread, lower yielding asset classes. So for us last year we originated close to 5 billion, this year our expectation is, we’d be in the $3.4 billion range in terms of auto originations. But the credit profile this year - the average FICO was 746 year-to-date where 56% used, 45% new and that’s consistent with ‘15 levels, so it was 69 month average term and obviously the rations are much shorter than that and advance rate LTB is in the 91% range this year. So it’s pretty much the same old [ph] that we’ve had versus prior years. It’s more a function of trimming volume and focusing on getting better pricing.
Lars Anderson: I think the competitive pressures are about the same, I mean everybody is sort of focusing on this broad spectrum of origination and some even lower FICO bans than we are.
Jamie Leonard: Yeah, as Tayfun mentioned the third quarter walk is what we would expect some of these to recur in the fourth quarter. So from the second quarter to the third quarter, loan yield expansion was one basis point of improvement and then the investment portfolio of this kind of accretion was another 2 basis point on top of that and that was offset by the day count impact of negative 1 basis point in the debt funding impacts of negative 2 basis points. So we expect going forward for the fourth quarter, obviously it’s been an active year on the debt side for us and we have refinanced all of our maturities for the year, so the debt you can expect to be pretty quiet. But the long yield expansion that we’ve seen every quarter this year we expect to continue into the fourth quarter and for us it is driven by C&I and auto yields, they both increased 3 basis points in the third quarter. And then the one - normally from the third quarter would be the investment portfolio had tremendous performance in the third quarter with the discount accretion, you saw that how we are obviously pleased with our position on the portfolio, but that should normalize in the fourth quarter just given the faster speeds in the third quarter than what we are expecting in the fourth quarter. So that will be a little bit of headwind for us in the fourth quarter but I think the loan yield and the other actions we have taken to generate either a stable and perhaps down a basis point and that assumes there is not Fed increase in the fourth quarter.
Jamie Leonard: Yeah, because in that you do have the $1.2 billion mark on the investment portfolio in the end of period and then you also will have a run up in some of the cash balances and then in our NIM guidance and our guidance for the fourth quarter we typically see a run up in those cash levels as we do expect strong deposit growth and so our short term overnight investments might have a little bit of a load there, but nothing that’s - we are not expecting anything that’s unreasonable to what it occurred last year.
Jamie Leonard: We haven’t talked about it but I think part of what your question headed is just on the investment portfolio we will reinvest portfolio cash flows in the fourth quarter and that should result in average security portfolio being stable the third quarter level so, don’t expect a lot of movement from the investment security both in the quarter.
Jamie Leonard: Based on the performance on the expense side is pretty flat Mike. I mean in terms of if you check out initiatives I think we probably will be lot more stability in the expenses and in terms of the expenses related to these initiatives and number of them are truly sort of well I guess more changes and investments that truly are going to lift revenue fairly quickly. So our goal clearly is to fund those expense initiatives, to fund those revenue initiatives with expenses elsewhere so, that’s the only way we will be able to get to sub 60% efficiency level so we are not necessarily looking to have added investment cost to achieve revenue growth but actually achieve based expenses to fund those initiatives.
Jamie Leonard: Mike just be patient with us as we finalize the details we will share more of it towards the end of the year or early next year.
Greg Carmichael: Jill, and if I could just tag on this has been a very deliberate strategy over the past years. We focused on balance sheet managed event and redeploying our capital into business that we felt that we could get better returns. By stabilizing our core coupon we have been able to benefit more from the LIBOR rise than many of our peers and we are going to continue to do that and in fact that’s part of our North Star strategy.
Greg Carmichael: Thanks for the question Erika, this is Greg. First of all we have done a lot of - maybe in the last year plus and really exiting out of all other sectors and focusing on profitability would it be commodities, term loans, leverage loans. We basically pushed out almost $2 billion over the last year. So while that is going to abate as we go into 2017, 2018 a lot of heavy lifting is going to be done and has been done this year. So when you get to think about next years, we’re looking at the forecast, we expect commercial loan growth to be close to nominal on GDP maybe slightly north of that. And consumers given some of our focus on indirect auto and bringing down the originations, there we expect that to be flat to slightly up next year. Then we focus on other opportunities such as mortgage and unsecured lending as Tayfun mentioned in his operating comments. And Lars do you want to add any colors.
Greg Carmichael: I would tell you that we have, continue to reposition that portfolio so that we position ourselves to outperform through more challenging economic times. We have been very specific and deliberate there so we are in a better position today.
Greg Carmichael: Let me add a little bit to that, if you look at the snick portfolio again which is $26 billion or about 49% of our total commercial book, its investment grade quality. If you exclude the inter GPs of snick for a moment we have very little lose in that. Our criticized asset levels 3.75% [ph] on the entire snick, but it’s primarily an investment grade portfolio. Three quarters of that portfolio is as large as really deep relationships about a quarter is credit only and a lot of those are fairly new relationship to over building a relationship on, so this is not a standalone portfolio credit only book that we are buying jut to grow a portfolio. It is tied deeply into our strategy of dealing with relationships with top clients and I will tell you in many of our snick relationships we have a very meaningful piece of the fact that number of banks there is a syndicated facility [ph]. So we feel very good about it and I don’t think at the end of the day all exceed 50% of our total book over time but we don’t necessarily have a problem with where it is relative to the performance that has given us and the fact that it is built in to our core strategy of deepening our industry vertical in our lid cap relationship.
Greg Carmichael: Mike it is a great question and I don’t know the answer, it really gets down, we looked it over 50 variables that we mentioned before when decided to close or consolidate branch. So it is really is driven by the consumer preferences and you’re seeing that migration and adoption to our mobile apps on our digital capabilities, I think 40% plus of all of our checks are now coming digital channels, 20% through mobile, so that’s going to pace us, could it be another 10% plus, absolutely. So we are going to look at this every single year, we’ll continue to test against it, probably get through the lenses, 50 different variable we assess and we will continue to make adjustments to our branch infrastructure. Obviously that helps us fund some of our investments in digital or [indiscernible], so we are looking for that transformational cost also as we reduce our branch infrastructure, but more to come there as far as the pacing the numbers I am not comfortable giving you a number. 
Tayfun Tuzun: And beyond the fourth quarter we stand by our statement that we made last quarter that we see stability in 2017 without any rate increases and what is encouraging is when you take a look at the debt refinancing that we had this year, 2017 is relatively lighter year, so that also would be supportive of that stable outlook for 2017.
Tayfun Tuzun: We will be finalizing this outlook obviously before in January and I don’t take this as guidance for 2017, but the trends that Greg mentioned is fairly high intact [ph].
Tayfun Tuzun: And the other color I want to make Erika is, away from the commercial portfolio, our decision to take down auto loan originations at the start of this year had an impact clearly on total loan growth on an average to average basis compared to last year’s third quarter, our auto loan portfolio balances are down $1.3 billion. So making those adjustments and focusing on capital returns and other balance sheet target. Actually we are quite pleased with where we are with respect to where our balance sheet is today.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think you have to look at that picture from two sides. One is commercial. The other one is consumer. And on the consumer side, I think we expect to continue to grow the consumer book at healthy levels. On the commercial side, almost the entire decline has been on deliberate customer actions. And those are unlikely to repeat at that level and given our plans in the treasury management business and the expansion of our relationships, we would expect to get back on a growth pattern in commercials.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah, it’s a bit too early to provide more detailed outlook on ‘17, Matt. But we clearly are keeping a very close eye on compensation expenses and FD accounts. So, that is going to help us. And as you said many times here, over the last two, three quarters, or even going beyond that to late ‘15, we expected and we did achieve a peak on our recent compliance related headcounts and going forward that type of increase is unlikely to repeat itself. Some of these larger vendor contracts in 2017 will be hitting our expense line on a full year basis, which is going to be beneficial. There is going to be workspace management saves, some related to branch closings, some related to broader tactics and strategies that our team is executing there. So, there is a combination of factors that indicate to us that this expectation of positive operating leverage even in a static environment is achievable.
Tayfun Tuzun: We haven’t given out that probably and I don’t I think it is a little bit of misleading at this point given there is no single definition of market [ph] for us.
Tayfun Tuzun: Well, what we are really focused on is buying relationship and building those out to the extent that we leverage the shared national credit market, that’s more kind of just symptomatic, it is not an end for us, we are not focused on growing snick [ph] what we are focused on is growing industry expertise core middle market where we believe that we can add value, develop deep client relationships that fit within our risk appetite and provide attractive returns.
Tayfun Tuzun: If you look at Page 29 of the earnings release table on the just loan side you don’t see that [indiscernible].
Tayfun Tuzun: So, our thoughts around capital returns really don't incorporate a significantly different capital base than what we have today. So, we're not counting on our ability to leverage the balance sheet more so than what we are doing today. Clearly, we are cognizant of the communication coming down from the regulators in terms of the design of the regime that they're expecting over the next, a number of years. It's a little too early exactly how that will play an impact on our business. We are mildly positive. But in our financial projections, we are foreseeing a stable capital picture, give-or-take a quarter from where we are today. So, it is not meaningfully contributed to the return expectations that we have.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. So, it is a core part of North Star as we look in particular as a commercial bank. It will be difficult to tell the exact number as we look out over the next three years. I would maybe give you a little guidance that all things being equal in the economic environment, as Greg had said, we've done a lot of the heavy lifting this past year around $2 billion. I could see another billion dollars of balance sheet optimization, but frankly that's going to be over a period of time and we're going to be reinvesting that capital in relationships that provide the right kinds of return and right risk profile for our company on a go forward basis.
Tayfun Tuzun: So, I think we commented that there was a positive tax impact from a couple of lease terminations here this quarter. Look, in terms of the tax as a combination of the fact that we are using a different accounting for our low income housing investments and leasing business really is contributing as well. I gave you some guidance for the next quarter and beyond that I don’t think that there’s any other color on the tax rate. 
Tayfun Tuzun: Let’s talk about next year - when we give the guidance for next year Vivek. The 23.5 to 24.5 for the next quarter right now is the only comment that I’ll make.
Gregory Carmichael: Yeah, we've seen it in the third quarter with respect to how this discount accretion played against free amortization that was deliberately done. We positioned the portfolio for potentially higher prepayment. So, I think all in all we’re pretty pleased with where the portfolio stands.
Gregory Carmichael: Chris, we’re onboarding on assets as we speak and we're very pleased with the initial pathways that we're in right now. The average cycle of boring [ph] right now is about 750. So, we are onboarding assets as we speak. We’ve targeted roughly $90 million to $100 million a quarter. It’s what our forward-looking expectations are for - as a generation of Green Sky. On the technology front, we're going to focus on two phases. First phase is our digital adoption, deploying our digital channels or mobile web-based applications that will start to roll out second quarter next year is what was targeted for right now and then after that we’ll focus on the branch adoption of the technology, which will probably be at 2017, early 2018.
Gregory Carmichael: I’ll make a few comments and I'll turn it to Tayfun. First off, we are fully committed and we expect to have positive operating leverage as we go into 2017, so that's number one objective. We’ll continue to stay focused on expenses. As I mentioned in prior discussions on our technology investment, the high watermark will be 2016. So, we expect our technology investments to subside as we go into 2017 and 2018, not at the current levels we are seeing today 2016, so we expect that to improve. In addition to that a lot - as I mentioned before on Project North Star, as you think about Project North Star, the opportunity to benefit we get from Project North Star is expense improvement. We expect to see that start to impact our run rate in 2017, some of the actions that we've already taken and actions that we have planned going forward. So, Tayfun, if you want to pull the bucket on here [ph].
Gregory Carmichael: Yeah, we’re already basically going through the full year NIM and at this point, Matt, it’s too early to give you an interim guidance for 2017.
Gregory Carmichael: Ken, the only other thing I would add to the Lars’ comments, if you exclude the deliberate exits, we would have grown the commercial book 6% to 7% in 2016. So, it gives you some perspective of just how much lift we've done to reposition a book about quality and profitability. These guys have done a fantastic job.
