Daniel T. Poston: Yes, Erika, as you alluded to, while we are being given a bit more flexibility in terms of managing our own capital levels, we still don't have complete freedom to manage our capital the way that we would optimally like to. And that leaves us with a situation where we will probably continue to have capital levels in excess of what we might ideally want to have. I think relative to how we deploy that capital, our -- we've talked a lot in the past about priorities. Our first priority is organic growth. We continue to believe that we have good prospects for continuing to grow our loan portfolios. Relative to M&A, I think M&A remains an alternative that we monitor closely. It's not something that we are going to push before its time. I think we will be very disciplined. I expect that there may be some M&A opportunities in 2012, but frankly, based on the current bid ask spread that as you referred to, I don't expect that to happen in the near term. So in all likelihood, it would be later in 2012 rather than earlier, so -- and relative to kind of where we would see M&A activity occurring, I think there are a variety of geographies and a variety of sizes of organizations that may make sense at different points in time and perhaps for different reasons. I think one of our primary objectives would be to continue to increase the density in the markets that we're in. I think we would probably have a bias toward acquisitions that are not geography expanding but rather are fill-ins and help us achieve our increased density goals. But that shouldn't be taken to assume that there may not be opportunities that present themselves outside of that, but we would look at it and evaluate at the time.
Daniel T. Poston: We've talked about TRUPs. We've talked about the possibility that we would redeem additional TRUPs. I think the TRUPs that we have, have contractual call provisions that will allow us to call some of them at least, to call them later in 2012 or early 2013. There's the possibility that something could happen that would present us with an opportunity under our regulatory call provision to do that earlier. Those are things that we consider, and I think our overall guidance includes a number of things that we anticipate during the year and attach certain probabilities to and certainly the potential for TRUPs redemptions would be part of that.
Daniel T. Poston: We are not seeing it thus far. And we've talked about fourth quarter results, and we continue to see expansion in deposits. We do expect that as the economic recovery continues and hopefully strengthens, we do expect that, that will result in some deposit outflow. We've not seen that yet. We're not expecting large amounts of that in the near term, but certainly, it is something that we would expect with an expansion and something that's built into our modeling and the way we manage the balance sheet.
Daniel T. Poston: I don't think it had a tremendous impact on margin though. I mean, most of that increase, as you might expect, is a result of the residential mortgage pipeline, and it didn't have a dramatic impact on margin.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes. The reserve release is obviously governed by accounting rules. It's governed by methodologies and models that we have adopted and we'll continue to follow in the future. And it's difficult to predict at any particular point in time how or what the reserve release will look like. That being said, I think 2 things come to mind in terms of impacts on kind of the continued pace of reserve release. One is that we are starting to see stronger loan growth, and with loan growth comes the need to provide reserves for those additional loans. And those reserves on those additional loans will mitigate or offset any reserve release associated with credit improvement that's taking place. And then secondly, while credit continues to improve very nicely, we were very encouraged by our credit results this quarter. As the recovery wears on, one would only expect that the pace of those credit improvements would slow. So I think those 2 things will tend to probably act as mitigating factors in terms of the level of our expected reserve releases as we go forward over time. I don't -- I'm not sure that any of those things have any dramatic immediate impact, but certainly over time, I think those are things that would tend to make that reserve release lower rather than higher.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, as you mentioned, I think we did see expense growth in the fourth quarter, a lot of that. And I think we touched on most of those in our prepared remarks. We're associated with unusual or unique items that aren't necessarily kind of run rate items. So I think the key, and you touched on it, is that while the expense declines in the first quarter are mitigated by or offset by some seasonality in our FICA expenses -- and we have that every year. It's relates to the fact that the -- that you kick into a new calendar year, and we also have payouts of incentive compensation and so forth from the prior year. So the first quarter is always elevated. That's about $25 million. It's not an insignificant sum. So if you look at a $15 million decrease in the first quarter that we've guided to on -- that is despite a $25 million kind of seasonal bump in the first quarter related to FICA, you can see that fourth quarter to first, absent the FICA increase, we're looking at $40 million or so decrease in expenses. And we would expect that $25 million to go away as we go forward. So in terms of the magnitude of expense improvements from first quarter forward, one of the items certainly would be the $25 million that we talked about. We would also expect that expenses in the first quarter would continue to be impacted by strong levels of mortgage servicing or excuse me, of mortgage origination activity, which brings with it increased incentive compensation and increased expenses related to mortgage fulfillment. And I think some of those things would be expected to moderate expenses as we go forward. On the revenue side, I think the mortgage revenue, as we move on through the year, we would expect to be replaced by actions that we're taking relative to mitigation activities on Durbin that would have a fairly sizable impact in the second half of the year.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, I mean, I think from an expense trend perspective, you should expect that we will continue to manage expenses very closely the way we always have. We talked about first quarter and the impacts seasonally. But as we go forward, we would expect to make steady progress in terms of our efficiency ratio. We've talked in the past, in the recent past about having a targeted efficiency ratio in the mid-50s. We're not going to get there this year, but we do believe we will make a very steady progress in -- toward our efficiency goals during 2012 and that we would approach a 60% or so efficiency ratio by the time we get to the end of the year. So on longer-term basis, I think meeting our efficiency targets will involve -- will need to involve increases on a revenue side. And clearly, the interest rate environment in particular is something that will allow us to make progress on that front, as well as the balance sheet growth that we expect we will accomplish during 2012 and into the future as the recovery gets a bit stronger. So we would anticipate that a stronger revenue environment, as well as kind of continued cost efficiency, will allow us to meet our goals on that front.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, well first of all, we're not a party to any of the discussion with the state attorneys general, and therefore, we don't really have any insight into those discussions relative to that [ph]. We're not a large servicer particularly relative to the big 5 firms that were initially involved in those discussions, and perhaps, that's been expanded now. But that has not included us, so I think we're something like the 15th, 16th largest servicer in the country. So we don't really have a lot of information that allows us to evaluate that. Certainly, relative to those discussions and how those discussions bear out, we do expect that whatever standards, new standards may develop with respect to those discussions or out of those discussions would apply to the rest of the industry as well. But the settlement discussions that occur, those relate to specific states. They relate to specific activities that specific firms may have engaged in, and they discuss specific revenues given all that. And the applicability of those things to us, I think, depends on a lot of things that we don't really have a whole lot of knowledge about. So we don't know what those are or how they might apply to us, so we will obviously continue to monitor the situation. But we don't really have any comment on that now and certainly, don't have anything that would lead us to believe that we need to put a reserve on the books or do some of the other things that you're seeing in other organizations. Relative to other regulators, regulatory contact, we typically don't discuss kind of banking regulatory discussions, so we can't really comment any further relative to discussions beyond the fact that we haven't been involved in any discussions relative to the settlement with the various states.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, I think part of the difficulty in monitoring the levels of activity and interpreting the levels of activity is we have 2 different things going on from the GSEs that really have different purposes. One is related to kind of their managing their losses through kind of putbacks of loans that they're going to occur losses on. The other is just monitoring the ongoing quality of activity and the ongoing documentation, compliance with documentation standards. And requests that we get related to those 2 different activities that the GSEs engage in are difficult to pull apart sometimes.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, so within the -- in terms of the construction of our plan, we're obviously trying to balance a number of objectives. One of them being to manage our capital levels to our capital targets as closely as we can to return as much capital to our shareholders as possible but to stay within the lines, so to speak, with respect to the regulatory mandates, as well as regulatory guidance that might go above and beyond the things that are in writing in terms of the actual CCAR rules and regulations. So we think that the plan that we've put together is a good one and is a balanced plan in terms of making progress toward all of those objectives.
Daniel T. Poston: I'm not sure if we have that number here. While perhaps some of the folks here see if we have that detail with us, I would just point out that we mentioned several other items that impact salary and benefits expense during the quarter. There was $6 million or $8 million related to pension settlements that hit during the quarter because we triggered the accounting threshold that requires those charges to be taken. There was $10 million related to revaluing long-term equity grants as a result of the performance of our stock during the quarter, which was up $2.60, I think, from end of third quarter, the end of the fourth. So there's -- that's about $16 million, $18 million there. Of the rest of the increase in salary and benefits, I would expect that a fair amount of it relates to the mortgage activity either from incentives paid to mortgage originators or expense related to personnel to process the higher level of loan activity.
Daniel T. Poston: No, I don't think or we have not given guidance, PPNR guidance. I think if you look at the components of that, we have given a bit of guidance relative to the future NII. I think we gave some guidance with respect to NIM and NII going forward for 2011 that talked about stronger levels in the latter half of the year due to continued asset growth, as well as day count benefit in the second half of the year. Expenses, we gave guidance with respect to the $25 million seasonality impact on the first quarter going away, as well as other continued expense improvements as we go forward in the year. And relative to fees, while we haven't given a lot of specifics relative to fees for the whole year, clearly, one of the things we've talked about is the fact that right now we are being impacted by the implementation of the Durbin Amendment in the fourth quarter. And we've talked about the fact that while we were optimistic relative to our ability to mitigate most, if not all of that, that, that was going to take time. And I think we will see the continuing impact of our mitigation initiatives with respect to Durbin become more and more prevalent in our earnings as we move through 2012.
Daniel T. Poston: Well, we haven't given specific PPNR guidance for the second half of the year. But I think we do expect that we will see contribution to higher PPNR levels on all fronts, not just from expenses. Clearly, expenses will be a significant factor in terms of improving on that $530 million. But we also expect NII in the second half to be stronger than the first because of the continued asset growth, as well as day count benefit that kick in, in the second half of the year. And as I mentioned earlier, I think we would expect the PPNR contribution from Durbin mitigation activities to be stronger in the second half of the year than first. So while without commenting on specific levels of PPNR, I think we would expect contributions from all of those things to allow us to move north of that $530 million.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, I think what we said in the past is in the 8% range for Tier 1 common. That was a level or that is a targeted level that is without the benefit of finalization of the U.S. rules around Basel III and so forth. So to the extent that there are some things in there that we don't anticipate, that number might be adjusted slightly. But in general, we think that's an appropriate target and will continue to be an appropriate target as we move forward. So I think your question commented on our current Basel III level of 9.7%. I think that's kind of where we would expect it to be based on what we know about the rules now. So that would represent a fairly sizable amount of excess capital that, over time, we would seek to deploy and/or return to shareholders.
Kevin T. Kabat: Paul, this is Kevin. What I'd tell you is we are seeing loan growth, and we're seeing it really mostly in terms of our C&I buckets and larger, better credits. And so I certainly don't feel like it's coming from the smaller end of our business or our industry, but I do think we're seeing it in terms of the larger competitors that we've historically gone against from that standpoint because of the nature of the credits that we're seeing. So I would tend to see and steer you more toward the higher end than the lower end.
Kevin T. Kabat: I think, Matt, that for the most part, again, given kind of the base that we're talking about, strong, large international and national clients who really have weathered the storm very, very well and continue to weather the storm very well continue to look for opportunities to lower their costs, debt costs, lending costs, as well as continue to look for kind of strengthening the participations more broadly across their bank groups as well. I -- We don't see a lot of volatility or sensitivity relative to those issues because they're already baked into expectations, and it's still pulling through in terms of pipeline. So on a near-term basis, we don't see a great magnitude change, potential risk from that standpoint. Now obviously, Matt, dial your worst-case scenario up and we certainly think that would be something more concerning. But based on what we see today as most likely scenarios going forward in at least in the short term, we don't see that impacting us in that fashion.
Kevin T. Kabat: Yes, it is -- that's a really good point, Jeff. We are seeing it really even begin to come down in terms of smaller companies now surfacing a little bit, again, just being smart relative to how they position their balance sheets and P&Ls going forward as well. So we feel pretty confident, pretty good about where we stand right now.
Kevin T. Kabat: Mike, I think -- this is Kevin. What I would have to believe is that it was a more permanent adjustment in the environment as opposed to our being able to realize the value of that longer term. So we will manage that. We'll continue to move and make progress from that perspective. But we're managing this for long-term total return for our shareholders, and I'd have to believe that there were some permanent structure and change to valuation or the ability to create value out of our franchise in order to really kind of, in my mind, cut bone. We've always been good at making sure that we were lean and we run hard and run fast from that perspective. That culture hasn't changed. But we're going to make sure that as long as we're focused on creating long-term value, those are the things that we'll balance against types of decisions you talked about.
Kevin T. Kabat: Well, the only thing that I would tell you is part of the investment that we're making does continue in terms of us picking up some teams out -- lifting out some folks that we believe that will help contribute even in a difficult environment like today. We've been successful in hiring some commercial teams in different parts of our markets. We'll continue to look for those opportunities. And where we see the opportunities to find folks that contribute to our folks -- to our bottom line in this type of environment, that makes sense for us to continue to look at as contributing to expenses. I don't know if there's anything else, Dan, that you'd add to that. But that'd be our orientation, Dave.
Jeff Richardson: Matt, I think one other thing is that I think we've seen more breadth in the last few months than maybe we were seeing earlier in the year.
Jeff Richardson: I think before Dan answers, I will say we can't really respond to a question about how much we're going to earn for the year and how much we're going to distribute for the year. I'm going to turn it back to Dan just to kind of respond to his comments and what we're trying to do. I think conceptually, you can -- you're understanding what we're trying to do.
Jeff Richardson: I think our mortgage expenses in total for the quarter were up about $13 million, $15 million. And about $8 million, $10 million of that was due to incentives being paid on production.
Jeff Richardson: Mike, it's Jeff. I mean, I think if you're looking at the current quarter versus the last several, mortgage banking and the effect of the Durbin Amendment are going your 2 big drivers, and then the sort of unusually higher level of our expenses this quarter would be the out [ph].
Jeff Richardson: This is Jeff. A couple things. I think we indicated we expected charge-offs to about go below 100 basis points in the second half of the year, but that is not something considered to be normal. Obviously, that's not part of the efficiency ratio, but we do expect further improvement in credit than that. More broadly speaking, our efficiency ratio in the low-60s is not where we expect to be, not where we intend to be. But we are in an environment where interest rates are very, very low, and we are earning next to nothing on our deposits, which is the large source of value for a bank, a banking company. And that is a very important part of the long-term revenue capability of the company, and we are going to invest in the company in order to realize that benefit, which we will realize. It's just probably not going to be this year.
Jeff Richardson: This is Jeff. I mean, there is some seasonality that does exist. It is more in the consumer side than the commercial side. Fourth quarter growth was very strong. We've given guidance for the first quarter, which I think with continued solid growth or something along those lines. So we feel very good about where we are heading into the year, and we expect good, solid loan growth.
Jeff Richardson: And just core improvement and our results, bearing fruit. Corporate banking has good, solid momentum behind it, the brokerage business. So I think there -- as Dan said, on all fronts, we expect improvement from the first quarter, and I think our guidance suggests that.
Jeff Richardson: I would just add that, that does include an assumption which we don't know, that the current Basel proposals would include unrealized gains in Tier 1 common. And we do have a fairly sizable amount. It's 300, 400 -- 30 or 40 basis points in our capital ratios, and we don't know whether that will ultimately be included. So as we look at our excess capital versus our target, we don't know whether that's excess capital or not. We certainly wouldn't treat it as excess capital because it can go away with changes in the interest rates.
Jeff Richardson: I think we indicated in our remarks that we expected credit-related expenses in the first quarter to be similar to the fourth. And I think that has been the range of experience over the last 5, 6, 7 quarters. So absent a change in GSE behavior, that's where we're running.
