Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, the progress on EAX this year is included in our guidance. I would say that the behavior, customer behavior is relatively in the range of our expectations. It is not a whole lot different from where expected when we made the announcement earlier this year.
Tayfun Tuzun: We are working on it Ken. Clearly it’s a pretty complex process. We know obviously that some agencies have provided guidance, others are working on it. There is no full clarity. And I think we have obviously a group of people working on it and we will be working on it for the remainder of the year. And we will share the upgrades with you as soon as we have more clarity. But I think it will take number of months before we can clarify where we are going.
Tayfun Tuzun: I am afraid I am not going to be able to give you more details than what is in our filings and you can go to our latest 10-Q filing and look at the items that we discussed. Its environmental, we are dealing similar issues that other banks are dealing with. And we expect these litigation charges obviously to end. And we don’t necessarily have a clear path to calendar time and will end, but the issues that we are dealing with are not a lot different from the issues that other peer banks are dealing with.
Tayfun Tuzun: Right and we agree with you that our expectations coming to this year with respect to the spring and summer season were higher than what the actuals are coming out at. The volumes are lower. From our perspective the other added element is we decided to exit the brokerage channel in – during the first quarter that clearly is impacting our volumes. In terms of the remainder of this season and remainder of the year we are not expecting significant changes to our origination volumes. Our origination volumes when you exclude the brokerage channel are up at a very healthy level. Our pipeline when you exclude again the impact of the brokerage channel is actually up at a very healthy level 30 plus percent as well. So we have lowered our expectations given the housing activity that we have seen over the past two, three months. And our guidance for the remainder of the year reflects that sort of more of a flat performance on the top line revenue in that business.
Tayfun Tuzun: Similar trends, once you get it late into the season, these trends don’t necessarily change much month-over-month. So, I would say that what you are seeing out with respect to housing data is probably reflective of what we are seeing.
Tayfun Tuzun: I believe that there is more room in our expenses. Clearly, we have been very focused in looking at the revenue trends, in looking at the future of our businesses with and without an increase in the interest rate environment and our efforts so far have produced very good results. Now, in terms of the retail business, the demographic trends and the customer usage trends are changing very rapidly. So, we end up adjusting our expectations continuously as every month data comes in with respect to how heavily customers are using the digital channels. We are up over 30% now in terms of the total deposit transactions that are coming through the ATMs and the mobile app. So – and also our pilot projects with respect to the design of our branches, with respect to the type of employment that we have in those branches are producing good results as well. So, there it is going to the more room as we continue to invest in technology and as the customers are also likely to exceed our expectations as to how they interact with us. Going back to what that means for efficiency ratio just even sort of beyond 2015, we have always said that where we are as a company 55% efficiency ratio with somehow from the interest rate environment is very achievable. We continue to believe that. And we will do our best to time the movement and the efficiency ratio along with the revenue patterns that we see. But for now, I think the fact that we are guiding to a sub 60% level for the second half of the year is pretty good given the rather subdued economic environment that we are seeing and sort of the challenges that we are facing for example with respect to mortgage revenues. I mean, that’s we are pleased I believe that there is more room and we will do our best to continue to produce those results.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, I am afraid I am not going to be able to give you more detail really than what we have in the Q. I mean, we will be updating obviously our 10-Q filing here shortly. If there is any update, we are going to communicate that via Q.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. In my discussion at the beginning of this call, I mentioned that we are working both on what the product or the set of products and services is going to look like as well as how we are going to manage the transition period as we tend to – as we intend to avoid an abrupt disruption to the delivery to our customers, so more to come on that as we get closer to the end of the year.
Tayfun Tuzun: We typically – let me answer the second part of your question. We typically don’t have aggressive assumptions on utilization rates, because we don’t really see an abrupt increase in the economic activity. So, our guidance really does not rely much on continuing pickups in utilization rates. In terms of pricing, it continues to be competitive. The segments that we are growing mid corp and large corp are very attractive segments for all banks and we expect that environment to continue. It likely is not going to change much. The other part from our perspective is we are continuously booking commercial loans on better credit profile compared to previous periods. And so from a new yield perspective, what you are seeing in our overall portfolio yield progress is impacted by that improving credit profile of new loans that are coming on the sheet. So, in general, we have no expectations that this pricing environment is going to change much. We don’t really and we have not built in any utilization rate increases into our outlook. Our production continues to be very strong. I looked at our production – new production patterns going back to the beginning of 2011 and if you take out Q4, because Q4 is always a very high origination volume quarter. This quarter’s production beat 8 of the 11 quarters. So, production patterns continue to be well, just the refi and payoff activity is producing more subdued results from a just portfolio outstanding perspective, but we are pleased with the activity levels.
Tayfun Tuzun: Okay. So, the timing is going to be Q4 and as we have discussed this is a very long series of contingent cash flows upwards of 15 years. And our – when you look at Vantiv’s filings based on what they disclosed, the Q4 amount is about $23 million.
Tayfun Tuzun: Look, I mean, I think we have not provided guidance with respect to ‘15 on specific percentage terms. The other thing that I want to clarify is we believe that ultimately the solution needs to be evaluated as more of a different nature of products and services rather than just one-for-one product substitution, because the nature of the offer is going to be broader. We are looking at a package of different products and services that this segment is going to need and we are designing our offer relative to that type of demand. What’s difficult is ultimately it is the new offer or bundle of products and services is going to address a most likely a wider segment of customers than the set of customers who are using our existing EAX product. So, part of the change in the revenues and profits tied to this is going to depend on that widening up in customer base. Whether the number is 50%, 60% lower, I don’t have enough information, if I had I would have given you that guidance today. But in terms of there is going to be at the end of 2014, we will update you guys on that progress, but clearly the change in the revenue line item in ‘15 is going to be reflective of a more discreet change on revenue that are coming through that line.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, just to reiterate the outlook. The outlook is for the entire year and is reflective of sort of the realized changes in mortgage. And in corporate mortgages clearly it’s been affected by a little bit higher amortization in the MSI itself. As we look forward to the remainder of the year, we still believe that we are going to do a good job of non-interest income and different fee categories we had very expectations as we updated payment processing, IA continues to be strong. And corporate banking activity is going to be strong as well. It’s currently being impacted by low volatility in certain sensitive line items. The expenses, there are some seasonal changes from Q2 to Q3. The market specifically picks up in Q3. There are some – the impact of known amortizations from previous capital investments in IT etcetera. Remember we are continuing to invest in the company. We are not stopping it. But clearly what I would tell you is whether we achieve it in a given quarter, if we do see significant changes to revenue we do actually act and we make sure that our expense line does not necessarily cross the revenue growth line. So what I can tell you is so far we have done a good job in adjusting our expenses based on revenue trends and some of it obviously has been impacted by important decisions exiting brokerage channel was an important event that impacted the mortgage line of revenues. But I can guarantee you that the focus on expenses is very much high on our priority list. We believe that when you see our numbers going forward we will continue to prove that it’s a high priority item.
Tayfun Tuzun: So let me give you a couple of data points with respect to production. Last year’s Q2 2013 production was $1.6 billion I think first quarter was $1.3 billion that’s down from $1.4 billion in Q1. We are being very careful in putting to work our shareholders equity in that business line and we are trying to find the best balance as we get into right profitability and the right product profile. The business continues to be very competitive, good pay off performance is really not much different, so with the impact of the outstanding volumes is really more due to changing production patterns. Our first goal is to book profitable loans. We are not going after volume and we will not change that approach. We have done a better job the last six months compared to the previous six months in achieving a better spread in that business and we kept the credit profile, duration profile of that business fairly stable. So, we are pleased. We are not complaining that origination volumes are slightly down, but we will continue to look for opportunities and when it’s time to increase production, we will do so, but it has to be done on a profitable basis. We are not going to just do it to show higher loan growth.
Tayfun Tuzun: Largely, yes. I mean, there is some drop in corporate revenues that are more against sensitive item interest rate derivative volume was a little bit less than we expected. Our investment advisory business is doing well, bit below because we are moving that business from a transactional focus to a stable growth in asset management, but in general, Mike, it’s more reflective of what’s happening in mortgage than anything else.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think what’s happened was that the change was a bit more abrupt than what we expected. The MSR performance clearly when you compare just when you look at Q1 numbers, our hedge gains were a little bit higher in Q1 moving production away from broker mortgage also impacted the amortization of the asset itself as new originations were a bit lower than we expected. So, it’s a combined effect between what’s happening to the servicing asset as well as the origination volumes.
Tayfun Tuzun: Just remember going back to the earlier part of the discussion, somebody asked what we thought about the housing activity on origination levels, even excluding the broker channel we put on less in our servicing portfolio than we originally anticipated due to the subdued housing activity. So, we thought that the purchase activity would be higher even just based on our retail channels.
Tayfun Tuzun: We believe that we will have a fairly flat performance in mortgage for the remainder of the year, yes.
Tayfun Tuzun: I believe that is too draconian, ultimately the outcome will depend on the transition period and also the replacement of this revenue stream. But as we said in our opening lines revenues will be considerably lower, but taking the entire amount out I think… 
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. I mean they should, it’s more of a really calendar issue Mike, it’s we will obviously resume our activities as we get out of blackout period. So it’s not indicative of a change in pattern. And we should – we should see a pick up here in the activity this quarter.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. So it’s difficult to have two ASRs at the same time in the market you can do it but, our blackout there is started with our Board meeting in mid-June and its now is over with this earnings release.
Tayfun Tuzun: So far we have focused on share buybacks as a systemic return of capital to our shareholders and we have refrained from necessarily acting based on day-to-day, month-to-month stock awards. We always believe that our stock is a good buy. And so far when we look at the IRR in the last two years of aspiring stock the performance has been very good. We will continue that approach. We still believe that our stock is a very good investment. And at this point we are not necessarily being guided by the stock prices today.
Tayfun Tuzun: Terry these are totally independent events. The litigation reserves are tied to activity that we see during the quarter and what we have in front of us the land valuation that’s we look at every quarter, so none of these are tied together. These are all independent decisions that we have made based on the facts that we know as of today.
