Tayfun Tuzun: Thanks, Saul. Good question. Obviously, it is a broad question. And the difficulty here is the environment has changed so quickly it is difficult to compare one bank's ratios and coverage to another. But having said that, what we gave you on Page 12 of the slide presentation, is a similar set of coverage numbers for stress test runs that other banks have. And clearly, our coverage levels are exceeding those losses that we have predicted through our models compared to other banks. What we have done is we have incorporated the -- as the environment continued to deteriorate in March into the end of the quarter, and basically reflected a fairly drastic change in the economic environment, not only in the second or third quarter, but try to project a weaker recovery into the second year and third year because we are looking at a 3-year R&S period here.  And I gave you some statistics around our assumptions. In our minds, the current fiscal and monetary policies are likely to cushion the second and third quarter impacts but are not going to be necessarily providing a significant support to the latter years. So our reserve levels, as conservative as they are at 2.35%, do reflect a slowly recovering economy rather than a V-shaped recovery. Underlying those numbers is also the quality of the portfolio that we have. We shared with you statistics on our consumer and mortgage portfolios, and we are also sharing some details on the commercial. The commercial book -- I think Jamie and Richard can comment on the commercial book, but the portions of the commercials that are exposed to COVID-19 also tend to be the book that has more large corporate exposures, more heavy sick exposures.  So all of those combined, hard to compare our numbers to another, but we do believe that we've appropriately accounted for a weak outlook, slow recovery and the quality of the portfolio that we have in place. Jamie or Richard, I don't know if you guys want to add more.
Tayfun Tuzun: No, [indiscernible] suggests that this is like -- obviously, we continue to evaluate the data as it comes. We continue to evaluate these new programs. And we -- at the end of this quarter, we'll do that evaluation again just like every other bank will do. And then we'll share you with you the results of our analysis.
Tayfun Tuzun: Good question. I will not comment on this [indiscernible] Look, I mean, I think our -- away from reserve builds and loss expectations, I think the underlying PPNR activity is going to continue to look good. We intend to manage our expenses at an appropriate level relative to the environment. We have a strong protection against a lower rate environment, and we have diversified revenue streams. So the company has strong ability to generate capital on earnings in this environment. As I mentioned earlier, it is a little difficult to predict exactly what will happen to the provision and the charge-offs. But clearly, our intent is to continue to outpace the impact of the credit here. And this is one of those environments where, unfortunately, looking longer than beyond 1 or 2 quarters is extremely difficult. So we will give you a better update as we get a better read on the environment. But obviously, we believe strongly in our ability to manage this company at profitable levels.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. So we did not give any NIM guidance this quarter, and that was on purpose. I think the general dynamics around NIM and the impact of lower short-term rates and a flatter curve at lower rates is pretty set for us. As I mentioned, it's 4 to 5 basis points per move. The reason why we chose not to give guidance this quarter is because there are 3 -- I view the second quarter as a transitionary quarter. There are 3 main impacts. One of them is the very high levels of liquidity that we are carrying on our books. I mentioned that March carried a significantly more liquidity on our balance sheet. Here in early April, we're carrying even more because some of the government programs are starting to throw cash. The second 1 is PPP, as you mentioned. And the third 1 is the LIBOR/Fed fund spread. We expect LIBOR/Fed fund spread to tighten throughout the quarter from the current levels. And what we also believe is the high level of liquidity that we're carrying in our balance sheet is going to give us a better ability to manage the deposit rates down during the quarter.  So all those together, the second quarter is going to be 1 of those quarters that's going to be very busy. But beyond the second quarter, that relationship between rate moves and the curve shape and our NIM impact holds pretty tightly. 4 to 5 basis points is a pretty good number that you can use.
Tayfun Tuzun: In order to achieve a better level of precision, we need to know more about this environment. This -- we are giving you these reference points as a comparison. I think the scenarios that underlie the DFAST are known, and they are quite severe. But no stress scenario is like the other one. And this one, in particular, is going to be very different in the sense that these support programs are yet to be evaluated with respect to how they impact the recovery path and where we are going to end up. That's a big difference because in most classic stress tests, usually the economy comes back at 1 point to where it starts. What we don't know today is where this economy is going to end up and the recovery period flattens out to a -- So I'm very hesitant to answer your question because we just don't know enough about the nature of this downturn. But at least showing you the DFAST results gives you the ability to compare us with others. And then as this economy develops, then we have the ability to reshape our expectations.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think, Gerard, here's my take on the year. I do believe that, assuming these drawdowns will stay with us for a while, the higher loan balances will provide a decent amount of support against the lower rate environment, and assuming that we manage the deposit rates down and our liquidity positions optimally, the year, despite the fact that it is a -- the worst-case scenario beyond just negative interest rates for banks, the balance sheet should support a decent healthy level of NII.  In terms of the sequence of quarters from second into third into fourth, I think we will probably see a changing fee picture here because clearly, the economy stopped, and that will have a near-term negative impact on fees in the second quarter from spend levels to asset management based on equity levels and to some capital markets activity. Our expectation is, assuming that things start somehow normalizing either into the second half of the second quarter or the third quarter, we should see a little healthier fee picture in the second half of the year. And then the expense side of it, we clearly are going to benefit from lower expenses that are tied to activity. And then we will start making some decisions on our end based on this environment.  So in general, you are going -- the second quarter definitely is going to be a transition quarter. But I do believe that as we look into the third and fourth quarter, we are going to start seeing some normalizing PPNR activity -- PPNR levels.
James Leonard: Yes, Saul, so as I stepped into this chair and started looking at the portfolio, the 1 thing that stands out to me is just how intentional we have been about where we do business with the clients that we select, that should be resilient in times of stress. And frankly, the focus for us has been on companies with larger scale that should be able to persevere in this environment. And so our loan book, I would tell you, is comprised of high-quality liquid resilient names, and the best data we could use to prove that point is the shared national credit information that we included on the page. And as you can see, it's a very high percentage of 75%.
James Leonard: Yes. So on the first part of the question, there is very little impact on the PCI to PCD transition. So the NPA inflows that you see in the deck of about $175 million was driven by several factors. One -- about 1/3 of the inflow was a single real estate mall exposure. About 1/4 of the NPA formation is actually in smaller businesses, business banking, lower middle market. And then the remainder, when you look at what drove it, it's really spread across industries and geographies, but the 1 common thread is that they're all predominantly in the service industry. So professional, medical, education, financial advisory. So pretty widespread there.
James Leonard: So we did not provide that, John. So relative to the 2.1%, one would assume it's north of that number, but we did not disclose that percentage.
James Leonard: Yes. So within the commercial segment, we've actually had a fairly limited number of requests in the commercial side to the consumer side. We've only had about 400 or so, and it's predominantly covenant waivers for terms in 2020, and that's roughly $2 billion of outstandings, and that's led by car dealers, hotels and restaurants. When it comes to restructured or modified actual dollars, that's very small to date, with only $200 million in loan balances. And probably the 1 sector with the most activity would be restaurants. You see that on Slide 9, our $1.9 billion in outstandings. The good news is we're favorably weighted with only 35% is in dining and 65% fast food quick service. So about 80% of the book continues to remain open. Those that are closed are predominantly in the in-dining category. So overall, some activity here in the modifications, but it's still a little early. We'll see how it plays out over the course of the year.
James Leonard: And so Gerard, in terms of the hardship relief to date by product, and this is through the end of last week, so a little bit updated for April activity. What we're seeing is a lot of the fixed rate or fixed payment products have the higher request levels. So autos at 5%. Mortgages in our owned portfolio are at 4% of the portfolio. And then as you see the minimum monthly payments lower in home equity and credit card, they're at 2% and 3%. So as we model, obviously, we expect this to rise as unemployment rises, but the ultimate amount of hardship relief that we give will ultimately depend on where unemployment picks out. And for us, right now on most products, we're offering 90-day loan payment deferrals. And then in mortgage, we offer the 6-month forbearance. So we'll continue to update you as the quarter transpires.
James Leonard: The casino exposure on Slide 9, the top part of the page of Slide 9 refers to lending to the operating companies within the casino and then the CRE portion would be, obviously, building the hotel and going along with it. We -- really, the names are large companies, high-quality, resilient. So again, we feel like we're well positioned. And while there may be losses in this portfolio, we feel like the lost content is very manageable.
James Leonard: Yes. So the commercial side will just continue on a case-by-case basis with each client. The covenant relief period expire. As we're executing on these covenant waivers, we have been adding some additional liquidity capital retention requirements as well. So we feel like the process has been productive. It's been a good dialogue with clients. And so that will just continue over the course of the year.
Richard Stein: Yes, it's Richard. We're about 1/3 of the way through the redeterminations. And at this point, we've seen about a 16% drop in oil-based borrowing basis and about a 12% drop-through those that are gas-based producers.
Richard Stein: Yes. What Tayfun was describing was we went through the portfolio and looked at the average breakeven lifting cost for our portfolio. So think about what it takes to get it out of the ground, and what it costs and what it would take to service interest for that portfolio. That's about $18 when you benchmark it to NYMEX. What Tayfun didn't give you, and I think this is important for the portfolio, we also say on Slide 10, the portfolio is 80% hedged for 2020. Those hedges give our producers about $14.5 of benefit, net benefit. So if you think about -- you had the hedges to it, it's $4 or $5 breakeven.
Richard Stein: What we've described on Slide 10 is the percentage of production that is hedged is 80% in '20, and then it rolls down to 30% in '21.
Richard Stein: For those under reserve-based structure, the borrowing base is redetermined every 6 months. So there will be a fall redetermination that will be based on current production, current reserves and the outlook from prices at that time. So the borrowing base and the loan amount that we're willing to lend gets reset every 6 months. So to the extent prices improve, that will change the borrowing base. To the extent they don't, the borrowing base would come down.
Richard Stein: It's Richard again. The only thing I'd add is, in addition to high-quality names, we're diversified by operator types, so global operators. Some native American and some regional. And in each case, high quality operators, usually where they -- to the extent they are regional, they have got a great franchise area that is either given to them by regulation or demographics that give them a ton of resiliency and less competition.
Richard Stein: Yes. Hey, it's Richard. So we review the portfolio actively and for the names that are going to be more impacted at least quarterly. But there is active management, active dialogue. And so as new information comes in, we adjust our internal risk ratings. And then as we have financial reporting, that would be the other driver that would change our view on our risk. To the extent that borrowers continue to perform in line with expectations, we would expect to continue the deferrals and the forbearance that we've agreed to.
