Daniel T. Poston: Well, we have ongoing dialogue with all of the GSEs relative to current results, their expectations going forward. So we continue to have those discussions. We reflect our expectations relative to the impact of what they're telling us on our reserves and expected future losses, but we can't really comment relative to dialogues relative to settlements and so forth. But I think the expectation is across the industry that Freddie Mac, in particular, is attempting to reach settlements with a number of banks, and we've certainly seen that with some of the larger banks, and the expectation is that they may well continue to seek settlements with other banks as we go forward.
Daniel T. Poston: Well, we -- as I said, we reflect in our reserve all of the current information that we're able to obtain from the GSEs relative to what they're seeing and what their expectations are. You saw in the recent quarter that we actually reduced reserves because our experience is coming in a bit more favorable than we had accrued. So we feel very comfortable with the level of our reserves. Whether that reserve proves to be adequate or excessive in a settlement kind of scenario, I think, remains to be seen, but at this point, based on information that we have, we're very, very comfortable with the level of our reserves.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, John. As you alluded to, as we talked about mortgage banking, I think our key messages have been and, I think, continue to be that we always try to anticipate where we might need to go with respect to mortgage banking expenses. We build our capacity in a way that facilitates us, our adjusting that capacity fairly quickly. And as a result of that, we believe that we are able to act very quickly in response to anticipated changes in volumes. That being said, there is always a bit of a lag. I think we were very pleased with the expense reduction results in the mortgage business for this quarter. The $25 million reduction that we saw was in line with what we expected to do at the beginning of the quarter. So it was in line with the capacity that we wanted to carry into the quarter. As mortgage volumes have continued to decline, and as we said this morning, our expectation is for further declines in the fourth quarter. You could expect that we would continue to work very diligently to keep our expenses in line with that revenue reduction. So embedded in our expectations for the fourth quarter is that we will continue to aggressively take costs out of the mortgage business.
Daniel T. Poston: We would certainly believe that there is room in what -- as we build our plans for 2014, that will certainly be our objective. I mean, I think relative to the mortgage business, I would point out a couple of things. One, as I just mentioned, there are more costs to takeout and there always is a bit of a lag, and that will have an impact of improving the overall efficiency ratio as we get those things completely rightsized. The other thing I would point out is that, particularly with respect to the efficiency ratio this quarter, in addition to dealing with declines in mortgage volumes, which the volume declines present opportunities for taking expense out, we're also dealing in this quarter with declines in overall gain on sale margins, which were down fairly significantly for the quarter and a bit more than we expected. We expected some softening of mortgage margins, but we saw about almost 50 basis points of decline in mortgage margins, which is very significant. Fortunately for us, I think we may have fared better than most in the industry, but still, 50 basis points of margin decline is difficult to deal with from an expense perspective on a short-term basis. On a longer-term basis, obviously, if you expect those margin declines to be of a more permanent nature or more sustained, you have the opportunity to do things from an expense perspective. But it's difficult to react to those kinds of changes in margins on a short-term basis. So we believe that we have the ability to continue to work aggressively on our expenses. We've always had that mindset, and we do expect that our efficiency ratio going into '14 will reflect kind of a better environment and show improvements from where we are in the third quarter.
Daniel T. Poston: Erika, we've discussed the size of our portfolio quite frequently over the past couple of years. This quarter, we've seen good entry points, and we took advantage of those opportunities to grow the size of the portfolio. Going forward, we always intended to normalize the size of the portfolio back to sort of a pure average. We're still below pure average, which leaves us with quite a bit more room to leverage the portfolio. Our intent is not necessarily to make up for weakness in loan growth, but by itself, determine whether there are good opportunities for us to grow the size of the portfolio. In terms of how much we grow, if we do see opportunities, we clearly have a lot of room in terms of liquidity and funding because deposits continue to be very strong, and we are very much underutilized and many of our wholesale funding items as well. So we think that both from a funding and liquidity perspective, as well as from sort of opportunistic profitable growth perspective, we have future opportunities to utilize more -- the timing of it is -- will depend on what the market really presents us. We are not going to be -- we're going to be patient. We have been patient for the last 2 or 3 years, and we took advantage of that patience last quarter. We'll do the same going forward.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, Ken, I think that's difficult to estimate at this point. Certainly, historically, that normalized level for repurchase has approached 0. The optimistic view would be that, someday, we'll get back to that kind of an environment. I think that's still possible, but I think that will take some time for us to get there. So we've got a combination here of standards being enforced that perhaps weren't enforced previously, losses at record levels and those kinds of things kind of produced these results. Going forward, hopefully, the loss experiences will trend back toward normalized levels. And for us, at least, we would certainly believe that the improvements we've made in controls and processes would also contribute to there being far fewer defects on any losses that do result going forward. So we will work diligently to manage that number to close to 0, but that's years away. That's not quarters away.
Kevin T. Kabat: Yes, John. So it's fairly broad. So it isn't concentrated. It isn't narrow from that perspective. It was really across a large swath. Persistency, I would tell you that our expectations, as we've mentioned in terms of our guidance today, is that we're seeing a typical increase in fourth quarter pipelines. We would expect that, again, given what happened in the last few days in Washington, whether that has a similar impact in the fourth quarter as it did, as we saw, and I think as the industries kind of talked about in the third quarter, remains to be seen, but our expectation is that we'll get a pickup. We're seeing the pipelines fill back again, but there's still an awful lot of cautiousness out there. There's still a lot of really kind of looking at things other than simply the broad economy, from that perspective. So how much of an impact that has is really hard to say at this point, Jon.
Kevin T. Kabat: Erika, this is Kevin. And the only thing I would add to that is our expectations in terms of the way we manage the company really haven't changed. We always have stated that we believe we can get to our goals and targets. That hasn't changed. We expected the turn in terms of mortgage as our most cyclical business. So we -- as Dan states, there'd be some timing effect of this, some lag, but our expectations for ourselves over the long run really haven't changed going forward.
Kevin T. Kabat: Yes, Ken, I think the theme has been pretty consistent. I think folks have really kind of been cautious in terms of trying to look forward in terms of the investments they're making. So we have -- we did see, in the latter half of the quarter, some pullback and some delay. In terms of some of the investments, I think that's been reflected in some of the utilization itself, as well as some of the pipeline and the activities. Now we're beginning to see it fill back. Again, I just -- it's really difficult to predict what an impact will be once we approach the end of this quarter again, but as we gave guidance in, we're hopeful that we see a little bit of a tick up from what we experienced. Production was good. It was really all in the paydowns, payoffs and deleveraging that's been going on, and I think, again, if you're managing a business today in the uncertainty of today, that cautiousness is pervasive. And so as we get better clarity, I think you'll see better activity. Companies, on the other side of it, as I think we've seen demonstrated over and over again in the improving credit metrics, companies are making money. They're doing well. They're just not taking a lot of risk at this point. So that's really kind of the feelings that we have and the things we're hearing directly from clients and prospects as well.
Kevin T. Kabat: Yes, I mean, relative to the reserve, we've talked in the past about the fact that our reserve methodology is what drives our reserve levels, and the reserve methodology by design tends to produce incremental benefits in terms of the overall levels of reserves as credit continues to incrementally get better. So we've continued to see improvements in credit quality. We've continued to see improvements in net charge-off rates and so forth. And as those things continue to improve, I think we will continue to see the impact of those improvements reflected in the reserve. In terms of when that levels out, I think that remains to be seen. There are a number of forces, I guess, I would say, that have an impact on that. There's the regulatory environment and what -- the posture that the regulators adopt with respect to reserves. There's also, obviously, discussions of changes and allowance rules and so forth. Absent changes in the rules, our best estimate at this point would be that we would be migrating toward about a 1.5% kind of reserve, but I think that's subject to change based upon accounting -- the accounting rules continuing to evolve, as well as regulator expectations and pressures.
