Daniel T. Poston: Yes. Relative to timing, I think, while the rules provide for a 30 -- a minimum of a 30-day requirement, that's not necessarily required, and I think, as we look at our resubmission, there's a few things that are driving the timing. One is the fact that we're going to use 3, 31 data to update the capital plans. So obviously, we couldn't start on that until we have the 3, 31 data. We're also using economic scenarios that are reflective of the 3, 31 environment and throughout the expectations for the future as of 3, 31. And as we get that information, then we have to prepare or we have to execute our stress test and then use those stress testing results to kind of build our capital plan to demonstrate the impact of our proposed capital actions on our capital. So that process takes some time and as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, our current expectation is that we would submit that plan in late May or early June. From that point forward of course, the Fed has to get through its review process, which I think the rules allow for a maximum review period of 75 days. So our current expectation is that we will receive a response from them likely in the month of August. So relative to the capital actions, as we said, we expect to submit a plan that has very similar capital actions to those proposed earlier. We think there is a lot of support for us doing that from a quantitative basis. You've seen the results of the prior submission and we fared very well from a capital perspective, even with those proposed capital actions. And we've indicated that the Fed's objection was not related to quantitative matters so that the prior plan in those capital actions were acceptable on a quantitative basis. If anything, the economic environment's probably gotten a little better. So as we -- while we have prepared our stress test and prepared our capital forecasts, we would fully expect that the updated capital plan will easily support the capital actions that we proposed last time. And in that those are largely driven by capital levels and not necessarily related to time periods, I think that would result in capital actions that occur in a somewhat compressed time frame given that we would be starting a little later than we would have otherwise been starting.
Daniel T. Poston: I think it's a little bit of both. I think we have started to see the margins come down a little bit. I think that the guidance that we've given would reflect an expectation that they may come down a bit more from where they are now.
Daniel T. Poston: If your question is does the qualitative objection we received to CCAR change anything with respect to our M&A expectations, I think the answer to that is no. I think if you look at the CCAR rules, any significant M&A activity would require a submitted capital plan anyway. So I don't see the CCAR process presenting anything different now than we might have expected 90 days ago.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes. I'll make a couple of comments and then Tayfun Tuzun can add any comments that he might have. I mean, in general I think we're in a rate environment now that is creating some asset yield compression. I think as those lower rates get reflected in our portfolio, to a larger degree, as those rates stabilize, which is what the expectation is from here forward, we're not expecting significant changes in rates from here out. The impact on the portfolio becomes less and less as more and more of that lower rate environment is already baked into the portfolio. So the asset yield compression will tend to decrease somewhat over time. The other thing I would point out is that relative to like this quarter's performance, we didn't see a significant change or any change really in our overall funding cost. And that's despite the fact that our average deposit costs considering kind of rate reductions as well as mix changes within our deposit portfolio actually produce a 4 or 5 basis point decline in deposit costs, but that was completely offset by increases in wholesale funding cost. And while wholesale funding is not a significant component of our -- or not as significant a component of our funding as it has been in the past, it still didn't have a pretty significant impact this quarter and that was driven largely by the hedging effectiveness that we talked about, which we wouldn't expect to continue and will ultimately reverse as well as the impact of the debt offering that we did during the quarter which, while it increases the average cost a bit, we were very, very pleased with the result of that offering and believe that represents very, very favorable long-term funding for us. So the impact of those things, we would expect to be muted as we move into the latter part of the year.
Daniel T. Poston: Another thing I would add to that is we've talked in the past about the potential for the calling of TRUPs securities and if that were to occur, that would also provide some benefit in terms of overall funding costs.
Daniel T. Poston: Well, I think there would be a number of ways to address those funding needs. And I'm not sure we would look to M&A transactions to meet those needs. I think both from -- some of that could come from incremental wholesale funding. I think we would also, when that time comes, adjust our posture with respect to deposits. As you know, there's not a lot of competition for deposits at this particular point in time. So I think the opportunity needs to grow the deposit book, to look at our CD pricing strategies and a variety of other things would probably come ahead of looking to M&A activity to provide that funding. Through M&A it provides some funding, I think that would be a byproduct of M&A rather than the objective of it.
Daniel T. Poston: Kevin, as you point out the allowance, the decrease in the allowance was smaller than it had been in the prior quarter by $50-some million this quarter, and the allowance is a complicated area, obviously. It's largely model driven. And part of the difficulty in trying to relate the change in the allowance to earn credit trends is not just the current quarter's results, it's the change in expectations about the future and you don't necessarily know with a lot of clarity what our future expectations were last quarter versus this quarter. So as charge offs occur, I mean one of the reasons for higher levels of reserves are the expectation of future charge-offs. As those charge offs occur, it allows you to reduce the allowance. So while you might think of it as charge offs are coming down we need fewer reserves, another way to look at it may be that to the extent that your reserve was higher because of charge-off expectations, if those charge-offs have occurred and are declining, then the reserve release is associated with those charge-offs having already been provided for will decline as well. So it's a complicated analysis for the reserves. I think we have indicated previously that in general, we expect the trends to be for declining adjustments in reserve balances as we go forward. So I think that's all part of it. The other thing is that in addition to credit trends, loan growth has an impact. So the reserve may have downward leanings because of improving credit, but some of that can be offset by the growth in the portfolios and obviously, as we've been talking, our loan growth has been pretty strong over the last few quarters and that has an impact on the allowance as well. So from here, I think, while we expect that the reserve will continue to come down, we think kind of the longer-term trends will be that the amount of those adjustments will likely decline as we go forward.
Daniel T. Poston: I'm not sure I understand all the mechanics of your question. I mean, clearly, if Vantiv does accretive M&A transactions, 40% of that accretion will accrue to us under the equity benefit accounting. To the extent that share buybacks or other kinds of returns of capital are tied to the level of earnings, then those distributions will be allowed to increase.
Daniel T. Poston: Brian, phenomenon is a tough pedestal. And so we feel very good about how well we're positioned in terms of our mortgage space, we good feel about the activity that we're seeing. Obviously in this environment, with the interest rate environment out there and the predominance of the activity being related to refi, any movement in that arena can really change the trajectory from that perspective. And I think that what we're trying to do is present a most likely scenario for you. Obviously if it stays good, we've demonstrated in the past 1.5 years that we're going to get our fair share and we can do very well in that space. So could be an opportunity for us, but that's our best vantage and our best look at where we are in terms of the environment today, so.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, I think there was a question earlier. We do expect the gain on sale margins to be lower the second quarter than the first. The first, the margins in the first quarter were very, very strong. So we are expecting that to decline somewhat in the first quarter, excuse me, in the second quarter and in response to an earlier question, I think we already indicated that we've begun to see some of that already in terms of activity early in the quarter.
Daniel T. Poston: We have seen an increase in HARP-related volumes I think probably a couple of quarters ago, that was probably 20% of our originations that has come up a bit to perhaps 30% or so of origination volume now. And the expectation is, is that might even increase a bit further as we see another surge in refi volumes here if rates stay where they are now, we expect that to maybe inch up a little higher than that. So we have seen some impact of that, although it hasn't been dramatic.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes. Those 2 items were $31 million this quarter. Now I will point out that not all of that $25 million and FICA and unemployment increase comes out in the second quarter. I think that our prepared comments I think estimated that, that was about a $15 million decline in that item in the second quarter, and more of that will come out as we go through the year and more and more people are over the maximum thresholds there.
Kevin T. Kabat: Yes, Ken. I, what I can tell you at this point is we are really comfortable in terms of the approach that we've taken. As we've talked about publicly, and as we've talked about in some of the conferences, our orientation has been to redesign toward a value-added -- and so our expectation is that, that will be well received in the marketplace and that we're really progressing well. So nothing new to report on that at this point, but certainly later in the year, we'll be able to talk more deeply about marketplace reaction and acceptance.
Kevin T. Kabat: No, Kevin. We still feel that the 1.50% to probably 2% range is going to be the settle out range. We haven't changed our view from that perspective, 1.50% probably is the most likely, but still within that range, it feels like it's the right thing, at least in the kind of our vision at this point.
Kevin T. Kabat: The only other thing I would mention is that our expectations with respect to the overall results of mortgage servicing right valuations and hedging activity is also a component of the decline that we expect in mortgage banking revenue from first quarter to second. In the first quarter, that was a net positive of about $14 million or $15 million and we wouldn't expect that to continue.
Kevin T. Kabat: Sure, Paul. I would not categorize anything in our business these days as not competitive. Just that clarification. But clearly, there is a differentiation from the geographies in the Southeast. We are seeing, again, very attractive business opportunities, we are seeing the opportunities and have been lifting up teams and bankers and folks that really like our operating model. There's a lot of, there's a lot more disruption earlier and longer in the Southeast still, so there's a lot of reshuffling, rethinking about what's happening from that standpoint. So we're seeing a lot of good opportunities, pipelines are strong. We're seeing attractive business on a relative basis, and we're seeing a great way to grow the business through acquiring talent as we move forward. So all that is true for us and our vantage point as well, Paul.
Kevin T. Kabat: Craig, can I just circle back to one thing? You alluded to declining demand deposits and I guess if you look at it on a period end to period end basis, it's down about $1 billion, but those balances fluctuate pretty significantly on a day-to-day basis, and I think a more useful measure of what's happening with deposits is, demand deposits especially, is average balances and on an average balance basis, our demand deposits are dead-on in the first quarter where they were in the fourth.
Tayfun Tuzun: This is Tayfun. I mean we clearly, last year, you've watched us manage our deposit costs fairly aggressively and we continue to do that on an incremental basis. We -- our eyes are still on deposit growth and opportunities, both on the consumer side as well as commercial side to manage those rates down, but the opportunities obviously are not as large as they were last year. And it's going to be a function of inflows and outflows and how comfortable we feel at managing those rates down. So there are opportunities left on our balance sheet, and we will continue to utilize them as much as we can.
Tayfun Tuzun: I don't think we've disclosed those numbers separately. I think our TRUPs -- the information is public, and we currently have about $2.2 billion, $2.3 billion in outstandings and some of those are priced attractively so that they wouldn't necessarily be subject to cause even if we could do them, but a large portion of them obviously have call dates this year, natural call dates and some of them are also subject to an NPI ruling that may come out this year, we've been waiting for it, but we're not quite certain as to the timing of it. So there are clearly opportunities. There are large numbers that would impact our liability costs and unfortunately at this point, timing is uncertain because we don't know when the regulators will be publishing those rulings.
Tayfun Tuzun: Well from a loan-to-deposit perspective, we feel very comfortable with liquidity on our balance sheet. So there's really no urgency to look for transactions to inject liquidity beyond what we have today. A number of our peers have done off-balance-sheet auto securitizations. It's a product that clearly lends itself to liquidity. We have $11 billion, $12 billion of that on our balance sheet. The credit quality is very high, which makes securitizations profitable. But at this point, we are looking at it from a marginal perspective. When it makes sense to do it, to bring in additional liquidity relative to our marginal cost going forward, we will do that. I don't think the driver of that transaction will be merely just making our NIM look better. And, but we obviously, continuously review the possibility and we'll pull that trigger when we're ready to do that.
Tayfun Tuzun: This is Tayfun. Dan mentioned the fact that as we continue to reprice fixed-rate loan portfolios and our fixed rate securities portfolio, the difference between the average portfolio yield and the marginal yields that we are putting on our books continues to shrink. The more newer loans you have in the portfolio, the next dollar of loan has a lesser impact in terms of moving the spreads down. In addition to that we also obviously, both on the consumer and commercial side adding loans at very high credit quality, which is having an impact on average spreads. So as we look to the second half of the year, we see the impact that we have seen over the last 2, 3 quarters lessening as marginal pricing catches up with average pricing, we should see stability in our margin and that's what Dan talked about earlier.
Tayfun Tuzun: Structurally loans are no different, I mean there are no meaningful differences in the way we structure loans and the way we look at term funding, et cetera. We look at obviously, interest rate risk management opportunities, but the environment has not been very good to overlay derivative rate activity on our books so we have not done a lot of that, but obviously that's a topic of continuous discussion and if we see opportunities, we'll do that.
Tayfun Tuzun: Debt issuance, fixed-rate debt issuance in March will clearly be fully baked into our quarterly run rate.
Tayfun Tuzun: So it's a combination, Paul. We clearly continue to originate jumbo loans. But we're talking about this small amount of activity, it may be around $50 million a month type of activity. Those are sort of a combination of 5/1 ARMs; some fixed-rates, but predominantly probably on the ARMs side. The other product that probably, which is a larger origination volume, is our branch originated mortgage product and that product we originate anywhere between $120 million and $140 million a month of depending on the rate environment. It's basically a product to very high credit borrowers, very similar to an agency mortgage but from a process perfected in order to speed up the process. It doesn't necessarily mirror all features of an agency product. And they tend to be shorter in duration, predominantly sort of 10, 15-year maturity mortgages. And some of our competitors have talked about the same product, it's a product that is a very good balance sheet mortgage product, and it's priced anywhere between sort of 50 to 75 basis points above an agency mortgage product. So it is an attractive risk return trade-off that we choose to keep on balance sheet today.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think the interest-bearing liability, Dan discussed it related to one of the other questions, is more related to the wholesale funding and the hedging effectiveness and the impacts of long-term debt expense. On the deposit side, quarter-over-quarter we have seen reduction in our sort of core deposit rates, and again, as I mentioned before, we continue to evaluate our pricing very frequently. In terms of growth expectations, obviously, over the past couple of years, we've seen significant growth inflows, both into our non-interest-bearing as well as interest-bearing commercial and consumer accounts. And we still continue to maintain those deposits and grow those deposits. The outlook depends on really how companies and consumers do in a sort of a slightly growing economy. We just expect stability. We don't expect to see similar growth rates that we've seen over the past year or 2, but we expect those deposits to remain stable. And we predominantly use deposit growth to fund loan growth. I mean, that's sort of from a liquidity perspective the prudent thing to do, and we will continue to do that.
Jeff Richardson: The coupon on the -- we've indicated that we would submit on our capital plan the redemption of $1.4 billion and the Fed has not objected to that.
Jeff Richardson: The coupons on those are north of 7%. We haven't disclosed the swap rates because we have traditionally never disclosed the swapped costs of our funding, but wholesale funding relative to the swap cost is lower so it would be a net benefit to our NII.
Jeff Richardson: Yes, I mean we would always wait for the right opportunity and obviously deposit funding, the value of that funding is lower today than it probably it has been in our careers. So we would take that into account in any transaction that we looked at. Erika, I'm sorry, we, I guess we do actually disclose in our K the swapped cost of our TRUPs. It's on Page 116 of our annual report.
Jeff Richardson: It sounded like you were suggesting that if Vantiv issue shares in M&A that we mark our position to market, and I don't think that's the way it works. That...
Jeff Richardson: Hey Brian, this is Jeff. Somebody here in the room with a better accounting background than I have pointed out that dilution in our ownership with Vantiv would trigger gains and losses. I think probably when you work that through, it probably wouldn't amount to a whole lot unless the transaction Vantiv did was very large. But yes, that is -- that was kind of a third order version of the future and haven't thought that through, so there's your answer.
Jeff Richardson: This is Jeff. I would just add in terms of our expectations for the second half. It's really being, I think you're comparing and we're comparing to what we saw in the first and what we expect in the second quarter, which are things that affected the margin that are kind of not as sustained sequential changes. So things like the hedging effectiveness this quarter, which was a sequential change of $5 million, there's no balance associated with that. So it's straight to the margin. Second quarter versus the first, we have the Vantiv refinancing which, you know, is an event that will take effect and then it won't sequentially keep taking effect. And there's one other item.
Jeff Richardson: So those 2 things by themselves were about half of our sequential margin decline in the first quarter. Sorry, each -- the margin decline in each of the first and second quarters is about half explained by things that won't be sustained in terms of their sequential change.
Jeff Richardson: This is Jeff. I would just only add that in terms of the change in our deposit rates, I mean, as I think we've talked about the last 2 years, a significant amount of our CD funding or the cost of our CD funding was originated in the second half of '08. And so, we saw step downs in our CD rates in, at the end of '09, '10, '11. So 1, 2 and 3-year CDs. I don't think we originated many 4-year CDs in the end of '08. We did originate some 5-year CDs, and so there's a modest amount of some of the benefit coming at the end of next year, but that was a significant driver in our reduced deposit costs last year, and that's largely behind us other than a bit that we'd see next year.
Jeff Richardson: I think we've given guidance on expenses overall. I don't want to give guidance on line items within expenses.
Jeff Richardson: Well, I think we're done. We appreciate your time this morning and feel free to give us a call and IR if you have any other questions. Thanks.
