Daniel T. Poston: Matt, this is Dan. I do believe you're right. You have a few moving parts in the first quarter that drive stability. You have -- all the liability actions we had in the fourth quarter, really paying dividends in the first quarter and holding NIM up, and then what you have in second, third quarter is this loan repricing effect that's pretty consistently been 3, 4 basis points a quarter. And then we see that dissipating just as new production yields reach their inflection point in total portfolio yields. And then the other moving piece to the NIM outlook is just the additional portfolio leverage that will be coming on the sheet as we into a more LCR-friendly balance sheet.
Daniel T. Poston: What we have to keep in mind is that we have to look at both the asset and the liability sides and look at the duration on both ends and clearly, long-term debt issuances on the liability side tend to increase the duration of the liabilities as some of the investment portfolio numbers may lengthen the investment portfolios ratios a little bit. There is somewhat of a balance on the liability side to that.
Daniel T. Poston: You do have a little bit of the benefit in the RWA calculation as we migrated the investment portfolio out of less LCR-friendly instruments into U.S. Government backed, which carries 0 risk-weighting. So we finished the year a little bit north of $4 billion in Ginnie, which carry a 0 risk-weighted whereas couple of quarters ago, that allocation would have been near 0. So frees up a little bit of capital in the process.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes. I mean, there is continued growth there. That's probably, this quarter would have been commensurate with our interest total loan growth, I would assume.
Daniel T. Poston: Right. It doesn't -- really it will not necessarily reflect where we are at the end of this year, whether we are in a gain position or in a loss position. I just don't think that it pays to take that volatility in our capital ratios.
Daniel T. Poston: We don't typically include MSR gains in our outlook, Ken, I mean because that's clearly a very volatile number.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes. We are about 2/3 in our preferred bucket today, so we do have another $500 million or so left, and we do continue to believe that the way to manage the capital account efficiently would require us to fulfill that bucket. So we may include that in our 2014 fund. In addition, on an ongoing basis, we do have additional debt issuance plans in 2014.
Daniel T. Poston: I think our earning assets will likely to be north of that, and I would say, there's going to be probably 5%-plus. But as we have always said, there is an LCR component to our investment portfolio balance strategy, but there is also a risk/return component. And during the year we will make that determination as we see the market developing. So it's hard to tell exactly how much over 5% we may get to, but that's our current plan.
Kevin T. Kabat: Well, clearly the very short end of the curve is very important. The LIBOR indices are very important to C&I yields as we have predominantly LIBOR-based floating loans there. In terms of the consumer loans, the auto yield typically get priced around the 2 to 3 year range and their portfolio is probably more in the 4 plus -- 4, 5, year range, and the 10 year is obviously is very important from a mortgage MBS pricing perspective. So we don't really have anything longer than that and that would impact us.
Kevin T. Kabat: I mean, short rates clearly are extremely helpful for NII growth, but our guidance for this year does not assume any increases in the underlying LIBOR indices as we expected that to be on hold. But we are very positive we leverage to the short end of the curve.
Kevin T. Kabat: No, we've been able to manage the asset sensitivity fairly consistently and slightly asset-sensitive. We wrapped up the year in a up 100 ramp at about positive 1%, and up 200 ramp at about 2% in year 1, and I think we've consistently been in that space all year.
Kevin T. Kabat: And one other [ph] thing really in particular that would distinguish Basel I from Basel III, I mean, other than just the denominator is different.
Kevin T. Kabat: We will disclose that in the K, but I don't think there's any reason to expect any big move in that.
Kevin T. Kabat: Ken, we did not see it fleet and so it's sticky and we expect that to continue obviously as we've talked and try to bake into the guidance that we gave you for '14, our anticipation is that we're continuing to have a platform with which to be able to grow, attract and keep our clients from that standpoint. We would expect some utilization of those deposit before they come to us for loans which we haven't seen yet, but no, those were sticky and safe.
Kevin T. Kabat: Yes, Paul, this is Kevin. I would tell you that, that is accurate in terms of kind of what we're seeing as a barometer. Our conversations directly with clients and prospects. The tonality I would tell you, has changed. So there's a little bit more positiveness in it. There is a bit more outlook and upbeat in terms of their view. How fast that comes, how fast the change comes, we're not sure, but we've seen fairly good production. Continued strong pipelines from that standpoint which will be consistent with some of that outlook and some of that optimism that we're really beginning to feel or see with our clients. And that definitely is a total change in the last 90, 120 days.
Kevin T. Kabat: We continue to see good strength in manufacturing. We continue to see it in our mid corporate and large corporate. We continue to see it in our verticals, both in our healthcare and in our energy verticals. So pretty broad-based, Paul, from that standpoint. And as Tayfun mentioned in detailing some of the specifics for the quarter, we're beginning to see now some good demand showing up in the commercial real estate side. Our construction average balances were up, as you can see, substantially for us. Building, we think in terms of some momentum for commercial real estate. That will be positive for us and we're seeing some good projects to be able to continue that growth. So that's where we see it, so a broader focus from our standpoint still feels right [ph] from our standpoint.
Kevin T. Kabat: No. Clearly, I think as we announced last week, our expectation, we see, with our consumers and our customers a high demand in this area, simply changing this doesn't change the demand perspective. We have been dealing [ph] and working with all of our stakeholders and trying to come up with solutions that we think would benefit everyone, from that standpoint. So we're committed to that. We got a lot of work to do. We'll continue that work and so I don't have anything that I would say to you today that is at hand for us in terms of replacing that. Our expectation is we'll continue to look to see if we can find a good solution, keep our clients in a regulated banking system, which we think is best for all.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think the cost reductions this quarter was about $19 million in the high teens relative to the $25 million. We will continue, obviously, to manage expenses in the mortgage business throughout the year in 2014. We are still making moves there even this quarter as we expect production numbers to come down. And we clearly are expecting some uptick in Q2 and Q3 related to purchase volumes and that business will remain strong and will maintain enough capacity to address any borrowing needs. But outside that, you will see that -- and we reflected, obviously, the impact of our 2014 plans on our guidance. But if production numbers change in actual, we will be very quick to respond either way.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. I mean absolutely. I mean, we clearly are very focused on the impact of higher rates and on mark-to-markets and that will be a very big factor in our decision as we approach year-end. We would expect to opt out at this point.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, the other thing I would add to that is, maybe 2 or 3 years ago, obviously, we were -- sort of [ph] passive receiver of large amounts of liquidity, but today, we're very active and the deposit growth numbers reflect true business strategies, both on the commercial side, as well as the consumer side. So that's part of the reason why these fluctuations are likely to stick because again, we're not passively receiving these funds.
Tayfun Tuzun: Actually that's a very good question. We have not done any significant pricing changes in either commercial or retail deposit space. I think what we are seeing is on the consumer side, the deposit simplification project that we finished earlier this year truly had a fairly significant impact on average balances. As depositors with higher average balances pay less fees, we've seen that impact fairly clearly during the year. On the commercial side, it truly is a function of our turnkey management activities. Overall, we talked about this, I think, in other earnings conference calls. The relationship-based approach, away from single credit relationships and commercial tends to have very good impact on deposits. Clearly, we like it. It's, from an LCR perspective, a large majority of deposits are LCR-friendly. So we are encouraging our sales force to focus on deposit growth, but we have not done anything from a pricing perspective. Now, looking into 2014 and beyond, obviously, we will -- reactive -- the competitive environment changes significantly from where we see today.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, and you've seen our announcement, it's a phase-out plan and it is baked into our forecast for the upcoming year.
Tayfun Tuzun: It's probably going to below our true earnings asset growth as a portion of that earning asset growth is going to not put much pressure on that. We would expect that to be probably under 5% at this point.
Tayfun Tuzun: There is nothing on the pension expense side. Yes, I mean, there clearly, we've talked in December in one of the conferences about the changes that are occurring on the retail side of the business. As we reconfigure our retail delivery channel, you will see some savings there. In addition to that, you need to look at this guidance in its entirety. Clearly, if the expense side goes together with the revenue side and if we see changes on the revenue side, we will react and there is going to be more expense savings. Across the board, we do truly -- many people talk about their ongoing focus on expenses, but I think we've proven to you guys that, that truly happens here and mortgage will not be the only business where we will see expense savings this year.
