Mary Tuuk: Yes. We've said in our guidance that we expect them to be relatively stable, and to your point there is a couple of factors that really drive it. One is there is a mix shift overall so a lower affect coming from commercial real estate than what we experienced earlier in the cycle. In addition, loss severities will make a difference in terms of our overall charge-off performance as we go further through the cycle. So, in terms of our overall outlook obviously, NPAs and charge-offs are part of that. There is a number of factors driving that relative to improvement in the cycle, mix shift as well as lower loss severities. 
Mary Tuuk: I think a couple of factors are going to enter in there for that question. One is we've been very active in working through the portfolio for a long time now. We were aggressive on this already starting a number of years ago which included at that point a very forward looking view on what would the economic trends play out to be in the next couple of years and what actions could we take in advance to that. And that kind of stress testing approach that we already started a couple of years ago, we've continued to expand upon.  In fact in today's deck, we have another page, which shows you the impact of some of our most recent stress testing, it's something that is a continual part of our process, so that we can take into account not only unemployment trends, but also other trends relative to property prices as well as GDP. So, I think your question is a good one in terms of unemployment and what kind of impact could that have. Certainly, that is a possibility, but we feel that we are able to manage through that in a pretty good way because of all of this activities and strategies and approaches that we put in place, starting a couple of years ago, and how we continue to work through the issues in a relative loan book.
Mary Tuuk: Yes, Betsy, we continue to evaluate loan sale opportunity, and we do that on a very active basis. We did not engage in any large scale asset disposition transaction this quarter. What we did was more just along the ordinary course of business looking for more individual and selective opportunities that made economic sense for us.  And we will continue to evaluate all strategies as we continue forward in the cycle. I'll tell you that we do continue to see some signs of improved pricing, and in demand for properties which you would expect to see I think at this point in the cycle given some of the cash that's on the sidelines and some of the excess liquidity. So, we'll continue to work through that strategy. 
Dan Poston: I think the overwriting factor with respect to overall mortgage results was the gain if you will that we record it relative to MSR valuation and hedging results in the first quarter. In the first quarter, we had $51 million in net gains on valuation and hedging. We talked at the time of about the fact that that was probably not something that we would replicate in the second quarter, and therefore we guided to a fairly significant decrease in mortgage banking revenue. Overall, I think we talked about something in the $30 million range. It came in the 38. I think our hedging results for the second quarter are more in line with what, with what one would normally expect. We had about $100 million in valuation, negative valuation adjustments on MSRs. Our hedges operated the way one would think they would, and offset virtually all of that. We had about $4 million net MSR hedging valuation item in the fourth quarter. So, I think those -- that was the key driver. The only thing I would point out is that our core mortgage banking activity in terms of gains on sales, we are actually up during the quarter, which is think is probably more consistently. It looks a lot you are referring to in terms of what others performance has been. 
Dan Poston: Well first of all relative to the impact of Reg E and talking about assumptions and so forth. As Jeff, indicated earlier, we haven't disclosed detail about overdraft charges nor our assumptions in terms of the specifics of assumptions relative to our Reg E impact. I guess I would point out that we have commented today that our prior estimate of $20 million per quarter. Our results are tracking to be inline with the $20 million per quarter impact that we have previously discussed. Relative to development of other sources of revenue and mitigations impacts, we have had success with lot of our new deposit product offerings; we discussed some of those in the call and the script today. On an overall basis I think it is useful to look at overall deposit service charges trends and expectations. For instance in the third quarter we have talked about the impact of electronic overdrafts being down 10 to $15 million yet we expect deposit service charges on an overall basis to be down only 5 million. So, I think in those kinds of expectations you can begin to see the impact of some of the things we have done in terms of the introduction of new products and alternative revenue streams.
Dan Poston: Yeah, as we mentioned earlier we had or we did during the second quarter defer some of the reinvestment of cash flows off the portfolio and that was largely because of some of the things that you just alluded to in terms of some of the risks that are in this environment. As we look at it, I think we focus primarily on making sure that we are appropriately managing our interest rate risk. We've talked in the past about maintaining an overall approximately neutral position from an interest rate risk perspective. That continues to be our objective and I think that continues to be how we are positioned. That likely cost us somewhat in the short run in terms of current earnings but I think it positions us better for the future and I think while we would expect that we would resume investment of portfolio cash flows in the third quarter, we may well even invest some of the deferred cash flow from earlier quarters. That will be done with the overall objective in mind of maintaining a neutral position from an interest rate risk perspective.
Dan Poston: And Paul, we -- the thing that we feel right now, again, it's just by visiting the markets. So, it's not out of one of the surveys, or out of specific data information, but we would tend to agree with you. We don't see a huge risk for a severe back fall if you will, or double dip, whatever you want to call it.  So, we're seeing kind of stable and steady as she goes out there, without a major change from that standpoint, just a lot of cautiousness relative to the current environment. And we think that's more of an impact today than what's actually occurring in the market place so.
Dan Poston: And I think I would add, I think you asked me, actually said that would be the assessment, if the assessment rates stay the same. There's no information in the bill that suggest but that's what they will do and obviously if they do leave the assessment rate alone that may lead to an increase of revenue to FDIC and we don't know whether that's what they're trying to do either.
Dan Poston: Yes, Brian, on and overall basis, as you indicated, hopefully we have provided information that is useful. Relatively to what some others have discussed, as we look at the rules and try to anticipate what the future might hold, certainly we're not of the belief that we're going to lose 80-90-100% of our debit interchange revenue. On the other hand, we do anticipate that there will be a significant impact to this. I think it's just too early to tell what that impact will be because we don't know what will be considered costs, what an appropriate return over and above those costs will be baked into the rates that are set ultimately. And I think there's going to be lots of opportunity to mitigate whatever that impact is once we how the rules are set and what the kind of what the challenge that's laid out in front of us. So, on an overall basis, we would anticipate that it will be far less significant than what some others may have been estimating. So I think there may have been second part to your question I didn't answer but.
Dan Poston: The other thing I think you asked was last 12 months. I think last 12 months, I was about a 185 million give-or-take in terms of growth I think, taking our most recent quarter and annualizing it's probably closer to 200 million rather than the 185, so you’re right in that range.
Kevin Kabat: Todd, I think from our perspective and we try to capture relative to tonality which is difficult thing as you might imagine in this environment but what we still are seeing particularly in the segment that you talked about which is the manufacturing segment has been holding up very, very strong. Our manufactures feel good about how they are positioned and are seeing some slight growth in terms of their wares and so they're well positioned, their balance sheets are strong. But we did see a pause particularly more toward the middle of the quarter as things got a little more elevated relative to Europe and credit issues here. So people really have stepped back from that standpoint but they are in very sound position. We think that when there is a bit of confidence that bleeds in that they're going to be well positioned to be able to take advantage of that we'll be there to help them. And from our standpoint, while we are seeing still the effects of some of that deleveraging going on, we think we're expanding our core base. We're getting some good clients on board. Our core production has been good. I think it will show up in a couple of different ways that I think it will begin to contribute to us in terms of overall growth going forward and so we feel well positioned from that standpoint as does the marketplace. So that's kind of the trends we're seeing. That's kind of the feelings that we're getting as we talk to our clients and prospects and we try to put that in but that just makes for a very difficult time to predict what to do talk about, how soon we're going to see some of the benefits to us. Unidentified Analyst That's helpful. Thank you.
Kevin Kabat: Yeah, Nancy, you're exactly right, and we have been anticipating that. We have not actually seen that. Now, I would bifurcate those comments in two ways. We have not seen that at all relative to deposit pricing. As you can imagine, banks are fairly flush in liquid, and so we're not seeing a lot of competition or paying up from that standpoint. On the asset side, by and large, still good discipline we see out there, and still good asset class spreads and yields across the Board. Obviously, though we're seeing now some of the better credits, sharping harder, and so we would expect a little bit more competition from that standpoint. And so, we're just seeing -- we're just beginning to see that now, Nancy. It hasn't been prevalent. You could see in our yields, even on sequential basis, we haven't seen major change, only down a point.  So, we are watching that. But, so far so good, but I think I don't want to be naive as we kind of continue on in the improvement, and the progress in terms of the economic recovery that we fully expect to go toe-to-toe in terms of the better clients and the better customers.
Kevin Kabat: Nancy, I think from an assessment base standpoint, I think I can speak to that. The increase in our assessment base would be from about 80 billion to roughly 97 billion which is a little over 20% increase. So, if you make an assumption of no-adjustment in the assessment rates, that would implied about a 20% increase in FDIC costs. I think it remains to be seen at what level those rates will be established but I think that probably gives you the information you need.
Kevin Kabat: Yes, the only other thing Brian, just to add to your question, you talked about signature versus PIN, there's really nothing, maybe geography is really dominant factor from that perspective but there's really nothing to read into our mix from that standpoint.
Kevin Kabat: Brain, again it's really early on this, but our orientation I think would be one that I think there is going to be a lot of different levers to pull relative to this particular issue and that in fact the industry and ourselves, specifically have already begun changing out, kind of a old orientation of free to value added services. We've talked a lot about that since what we did and began literally about this time last year and we will just continue on that. It's been successful for us thus far, our customers, prospects and new product production has been outstanding and it continues to be, so I think we've kind of -- as we will going forward, continue to find the right combination of services, value creation, additional product offerings as well as some pricing opportunities that all will be contributory toward that mitigation strategy as we go forward. So, I think we have demonstrated to ourselves at least that our value added opportunities that we can migrate from where we've been to where we are going, and that maybe what your reading into our optimism about how we view the challenges ahead of us.
