Chris Doll: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Fifth Third Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. This morning, our President and CEO, Tim Spence; and CFO, Jamie Leonard, will provide an overview of our second quarter results and outlook. Our Treasurer, Bryan Preston and Chief Credit Officer, Greg Schroeck, have also joined the Q&A portion of the call. Please review the cautionary statements on our materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain information regarding the use of non-GAAP measures, reconciliations to the GAAP results and forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. These statements speak only as of July 20, 2023, and Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to update them. Following prepared remarks by Tim and Jamie, we will open the call for questions. With that, let me turn it over to Tim.
Chris Doll: Thanks, Jamie. Before we start Q&A, given the time we have this morning, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up and return to the queue if you have additional questions. Operator, please open the call up for Q&A. .
Chris Doll: Thank you, Rob, and thanks, everyone, for your interest in Fifth Third. Please contact the IR department if you have any follow-up questions. Rob, you may now disconnect the call.
James Leonard: Yes, Scott, thanks for the question. It really comes down to the rate environment with the Fed in our forecast, the assumption being that the Fed reaches 5.5%, and holds. And therefore, by the end of the fourth quarter, we've gotten through all of the repricing lag that would occur. So that right now, the third quarter guide is down 2% to 3% and then the full year guide implies a little bit of a step down from third quarter into fourth quarter, and then we'll see what 2024 holds when we get there. Implicit in the guide is an increase in our deposit costs so that the terminal beta is 53%. And I guess, coming out of listening to some of the other earned calls, the one comment we would have is that our June, like everyone else's was quite strong and could -- and I think to the point in your head could result in better NII outcomes than what it reflects. But from our standpoint, spotting one robin doesn't make it spring. And therefore, we're going to continue to be cautious in the outlook and play defense in this environment. We've got a long way to go from the liquidity conditions tightening with at $80 billion a month, $1.5 trillion or more of trade issuance, the student loan repayments kicking back in, and then the competitive dynamics that we're seeing across the footprint. So we're going to play a good defense, and we think defense wins championships in this environment.
James Leonard: Correct in that the dividend reserve coverage ratio, we're assuming, remains in that 9% area. The reduction in the guide for the ACL build is driven by all of the loan production changes that we are forecasting with the RWA diet and reducing the balance sheet for the new capital regimes that will be forthcoming.
James Leonard: Now you've just given the publicity then I'm going to have to live up giving you a 2024 NII guide. There's no question that Bryan and I have positioned the balance sheet to be currently neutral to benefiting for the rate cuts when the rate cuts ultimately occur. The down rate scenarios continue to be the most difficult for a bank earnings profile to manage as credit costs would ramp up and recession kicks in. So for us, I believe that the deposit cost pressures will mitigate as the Fed begins a cutting cycle. We just don't see that happening this year, which is why the guide on NII is what it is that we continue to expect a competitive environment. But should the Fed move to the cuts, we really like how the balance sheet is positioned for that environment. Our guide the exit run rate on fourth quarter NII, if you took our guide and multiplied it by 4, it's about where consensus is for 2024. So I don't think there's necessarily a gap at this point in time, but 2024 is a very long way from July 20.
James Leonard: Yes. And let me clarify one thing from what you said that just to make sure we're on the same page. Our guide for the ACL is for the total Bancorp balance sheet. However, the primary driver of that ACL build is dividend. Dividend, we expect to do $750 million a quarter of production, that reserve rate ballpark it in the 9% range. But the rest of the balance sheet, as we discussed in the guide is actually going -- from a loan standpoint is actually going to be down a bit. And so the net of those growing dividend, shrinking other parts of the balance sheet, inclusive of auto where we exited the states west of the Mississippi, but for Texas, combined with our efforts in shrinking the corporate banking book will result in a lower ACL build than what we've been running at this year because those other businesses will essentially be reducing the ACL coverage due to lower volumes, whereas dividend call it, in that same area, but the net effect is, let's call it, a build of $25 million to $75 million a quarter going forward.
James Leonard: Yes. Let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Greg Schroeck to add a little bit more color. But in terms of -- as we discussed in the outlook, we continue to have a total Bancorp charge-off guide in the 25 to 35 basis point range. Within commercial over the past couple of years, it's obviously bounced around from 36 bps in 2020 down to 10 bps in '21 and 13 bps last year. And this year on commercial, we continue to be in that 20 to 30 basis point range. And then within total commercial, C&I is expected to be at the high end of that range given some of the lumpiness that we're seeing with a few credits that resulted in a little bit of that uptick in the NPA ratio at the end of the quarter. But with that, I'll turn it over to Greg for thoughts on C&I underwriting and other views.
James Leonard: Yes, Ken, great question. And embedded in all of our comments and outlook today, we should have outlined the strategy that our approach here for our company is that we fully expect TLAC to get pushed down. We expect the more draconian capital rules on ops risk to get pushed down, but not any of the benefits from the credit rating risk weighting, and we expect to have to be compliant with the full LCR. So that is the underpinning of all of our strategies for managing the balance sheet, and we want to do that expeditiously. And therefore, we are going to be holding higher levels of cash. We will be rotating more into Level 1 securities. But we love the bullet locked-out structure because that provides the shock absorber to potential low rate environment. And so the flip side to all of this will be the AOCI impacts with the capital rules. And so we'll wait to see what those final rules look like, but it sounds like, obviously, AFS inclusion, HTM exclusion. And so we may have to pivot a bit on the HTM classifications given that we've not done anything to date. But that might be an outcome from the brave new world that will have to adapt to.
James Leonard: Yes. What we did in the second quarter was we let the portfolio cash flows of $600 million roll off and not get reinvested. So essentially, to your point, bolster cash. For the rest of the year, we're assuming stable, give or take, $1 billion. We may let it run down, we may rotate into treasuries just depending on the day and the opportunities. But what you should expect from us is continued rotation into Level 1, whether cash or treasuries.
James Leonard: Yes. It's just that there is a several factors impacting that. So in terms of consumer on the household side, we do have a very strong and consistent growth of 3%, but offsetting that tailwind is the headwind from consumer spending and the declines in the average deposit balance. So when you look at the consumer, the average deposit is still 20% higher than pre-COVID levels, but it is down 10% from the COVID average balance peaks. And so we're modeling that, that erosion does continue and therefore, it creates a little bit of a headwind. So for us, the majority of the growth is obviously coming from the Southeast de novo market and they're growing at a 7% rate. But the Midwest, whether it's same-store sales or the total Midwest networks growing households at 2%. So we like what we've been able to do, and I would say it's more about core new customer acquisition than anything else.
James Leonard: And in terms of scenario weightings, we anchored to the 80-10-10 distribution because that is the probability assignment by Moody's for each of those scenarios occurring. So that as you saw in this quarter, the scenarios eroded, unemployment ticked up about 30 basis points or so on a peak basis in their baseline scenario. And as Tim mentioned, it's certainly possible that we have a full employment soft recession. But we believe that obviously, the reserve is adequate and at 208 basis points of coverage, we feel good how we're positioned.
James Leonard: Yes. there were two -- yes, two things, Mike, that happened in June that are certainly opportunities for the back half of the year to be better than what we're guiding to. But like most things, I'll give you another quote. The beauty is in of the beholder. So some folks look at the credit spread widening and the C&I coupon expansion that occurred in the market, and we experienced that as well in June. Spreads were up a bit. We're not guiding to continued spread expansion in the back half of the year in C&I. And then on deposits, June was a very good month for the industry, whether you watched the H8 or you've heard from all the banks that have been reporting, and you see it in our numbers. We're up 2% on deposits year-over-year. We're up 1% on an EOP basis sequentially. We had a very nice June from a deposit gathering, a new customer acquisition perspective. So what we're seeing from here is we actually are forecasting on an average basis, some deposit growth in the third quarter. But frankly, if you look at the guide on an average basis, it's about one point lower than our balances. So maybe we do better, maybe not, maybe it gives us a little bit of pricing power to do better on the beta. But with all that being said, we just still are cautious about the liquidity environment in the back half of the year, and we want to make sure that we prioritize stability until these challenges are behind us, and we start to enter into at least a Fed pause cycle, let alone a Fed cut cycle.
James Leonard: The other one, Gerard, that we've talked about in the past has been some of the proprietary systems we have from an early warning perspective, keeping an eye on real-time liquidity metrics out of the book that we've learned, whether it's through some of the ABL monitoring that was doing that we've adapted as the best practice inside Fifth Third as well as then what other banks do always with regard to covenant monitoring and other vulnerability assessment.
Timothy Spence: Yes. That's a good question, Erika, and I appreciate it. I will say, I think all of the things that you described, the RWA diet, a continuous focus on expenses, thinking about liquidity profile and in particular, the value of different sorts of deposits in the new world are all things we're doing here today. But we have the benefit of having made multiyear investments in either asset classes or in particular, on the operational deposit side of the equation that are benefiting us in this environment, and they're going to continue to be very valuable going forward. I think narrowly, the hardest thing on an organization, if you're trying to deliver predictable long-term results is to have to move into a binge purge mode, right? And whether that is outsized growth followed by shrinking or letting expenses run up, followed by deep cuts later it creates -- the two things happen. One, the first thing that people cut tends to be the last thing that came in the door. And the byproduct of that is your cuts end up being concentrated in the areas you are investing for future growth, one. Two, your people actually become more reticent to stretch and to try to give better outcomes because they don't want to get outsized and have to work backwards. So I think what -- the advantage we're going to have next year and the year after that and the year forward is our ability to be consistent about investing in the franchise. And that will mean that we stay on the pace that we've been on the last several years in building branches. It will mean that we continue to add to the middle market teams because I think the economics of these middle market banking relationships are going to continue to be excellent regardless of what happens to capital and liquidity. And we're going to continue to focus on having the best retail deposit franchise and best treasury management franchise in our peer group.
Timothy Spence: Yes. So let me answer the question about the outlook, Ebrahim and then I think we'll go to Jamie to talk about the dynamics around the specific ACL. So look, I think our outlook is that it's hard to know. Like I watch -- we watch the same equity market indicators that you do. We see the trends on unemployment. We see that signal around inflation moderating. And I hear a lot from folks about the increased probability for a soft landing. We just don't get paid to manage to a Goldilocks scenario outcome here, right? Because for every positive indicator, you still have like a yield curve that's more inverted than it has been in decades. You have data coming out of the red book that suggests that same-store sales in retail across the US has been negative since the beginning of the year, the consumer spending on a real basis, so take the impact of inflation out, like flat or down in five of the last seven periods you have a negative ISM in terms of what we're seeing their freight levels, whether it's exports and imports or the over-the-road stuff here in the U.S. continuing to be depressed, like those are not positive signs. And if you buy the thesis that the -- what we're experiencing today is the interest rate environment we had 12 months ago, that we're seeing all of that in a world where Fed funds was 150, 175, right? So at least from our point of view, while it's very possible that we end up with a soft landing here. And I think even if we end up with a mild recession that it is not one that's characterized by unemployment levels, that we still are going to end up in a recessionary environment. The last thing I just want to make sure that I flag because I think sometimes words matter is, we talk about an RWA diet where other people talk about balance sheet optimization. What we're really saying is tightening credit supply and higher risk spreads, right? And those things have an impact on M2 that compounds whatever gets done on M1, that are the other factor that's sort of lingering out there that I think that we need to take into account as we're looking at the outcomes. So that's probably a long way of saying, I don't know any more than you do in terms of where we settle, but we're going to always plan around a more conservative outcome because if we're wrong, everybody does well. And if we're right, we're better positioned to deliver stable earnings for you.
Timothy Spence: Yes. We are seeing some softening in demand. There's no question about that. I think in general, part of its conservatism on the part of the clients. I think and the lack of visibility that they have into what the economy is going to look like 18 months from now. I think the other dynamic that we hear from clients is they are saying they're a little bit nervous about credit availability. So there's an interaction effect here that you have to take into account. But I was on the phone with two large clients, one in the medical field, one in the real estate field, in the past 1.5 weeks. And in both cases, they had gone out and surveyed their bank groups, and there were a lot of, hey, we've allocated all the capital we have available to invest in the second half of the year sort of responses that they were hearing back and/or real constraints on the way that they have to spread ancillaries. So I think there is a dynamic that will materialize here where demand will be lower for credit because the cost of credit will be higher. And that's the interaction effect that I think as we roll forward here, we're going to continue to see in addition to just general caution.
Timothy Spence: Yes. Mike, it's Tim. I'm going to take that one. I mean we are working on expenses. The severance item that we called out as part of an exercise that we ran, just to try to rightsize the resource base here for demand, given the outlook in the environment. And as you know, the primary outcome of all of this investment we're making in the core platforms is to bring more automation and straight-through processing to the business, which we think is going to provide a lot of intermediate-term expense positive expense outcomes. I think what we're trying to do is to manage the expense base and the focus on positive operating leverage around sort of three-year increments. So if you look back over the course of the past three years, we have the lowest expense growth. It's something like half of what our peer group average is in terms of noninterest expense, annual compound annual growth. And we were growing revenue at a little more than 2x the rate we were growing expenses during that period. I think we have every intention to do exactly the same thing over the course of the next three years. What we want to make sure that we're doing though is that when we make an investment, we finish the play, we get the outcomes of the investment and we move on. And I try to correct at the midpoint, you run the risk of having started a lot of things. And then you don't get the excellence that you mentioned at the beginning. It's the bench bird cycle I referenced when I talked to Erika.
Timothy Spence: The last three years, we will have grown expenses less than anybody else. The next three years, we intend to do the same thing. We intend to generate positive operating leverage over the next three years. The same way we have to last three years.
Greg Schroeck: Yes. I agree with Jamie. First of all, the portfolio monitoring really doesn't change, whether it's a SNC, middle C&I loan regardless. We have a robust portfolio management structure and discipline in place that keeps us out ahead of these emerging trends. We're really not seeing a significant trends in that C&I book. We're not seeing it certainly in the shared national credit book. So I still feel really good about the middle market. As Jamie said, we're going to have some lumpiness. You've probably seen our guidance into the third quarter from a charge-off perspective. the headline there, I think, is twofold. And we're starting from a very low base. And so because of that low base, one or two loans can move the needle, and that's exactly what happened, right? We've got two credits, one in the professional services industry and the other in the manufacturing that are going to move the needle in the third quarter. But overall, I feel really good about portfolio, and I would expect fourth quarter charge-offs to be back in line with what we saw in the first and second quarter. .
Greg Schroeck: Yes. I think it's the ongoing review of the portfolio. As an example, in the second quarter, our team completed a complete review of our office portfolio, right? And so as we continue to stress that portfolio increasing rates using the forward curve to try to get out ahead of where those cash flows end up if rates continue to increase, but also looking at the softening rental rates in that portfolio in the real estate portfolio. That's how we stay ahead of it. We're not waiting for a covenant to forge, we're not waiting for borrowers to come to us. We're active, proactive in again, stressing the portfolio across the board, not just in commercial real estate. So we see what's coming. I think it's one of the lessons learned and a lot of us have the battles cars from the last crisis of being much more proactive state out ahead of it and then bringing forward solutions to our clients that, again, that are more proactive as opposed to, again, waiting for the covenant defaults, waiting for something to drop off the table. So that's what I'm really referring to in terms of the merchant risk.
Greg Schroeck: So second question, yes, on a select basis, we are still making shared national credit decisions. One of the credits that I was referring to that could impact is a shared national credit. The second one is not.
