Matt Curoe: Good morning everyone. Welcome to Fifth Third Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. This morning our chairman, CEO, and President, Tim Spence, and CFO, Bryan Preston will provide an overview of our second quarter results and outlook. Our Chief Credit Officer, Greg Schroeck, has also joined for the Q&A portion of the call. Please review the cautionary statements in our materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain information regarding the use of non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the GAAP results, as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. These statements speak only as of July 19, 2024, and Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to update them. Following prepared remarks by Tim and Bryan, we will open up the call for questions. With that, let me turn it over to Tim.
Matt Curoe: Thanks, Bryan. Before we start Q&A, given the time we have this morning, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Matt Curoe: Thank you, Audra, And thanks everyone for your interest in Fifth Third. Please contact the Investor Relations Department if you have any follow-up questions. Audra, you may now disconnect the call.
Tim Spence: Thanks, Matt and good morning, everyone. At Fifth Third, we believe great banks distinguish themselves, not by how they perform in benign environments, but rather how they navigate challenging ones. In that context, I am very pleased with how we are executing as a company and what continues to be an uncertain economic and interest rate backdrop. Our focus on stability, profitability, and growth in that order have produced consistent predictable results and strong profitability since the bank failures last spring and we remain confident in our ability to deliver PPNR and earnings outcomes in-line with or better than our original expectations for the full year in 2024. This morning we reported earnings per share of $0.81 or $0.86 excluding certain items outlined on Page 2 of the release, which exceeded the guidance we provided in our first quarter earnings call. Our resilient balance sheet, diversified fee revenues, and expense discipline continued to produce strong profitability. Our adjusted return on tangible common equity of 15.1% and adjusted return on assets of 1.22% over the last 12 months rank as the best of all peers who have reported so far and the most stable when compared to the same period last year. The second quarter marked the first sequential growth in NII since 2022 and NIM improved for the second consecutive quarter. That trajectory, along with the benefits we are seeing from strategic investments and continued expense discipline should allow us to return to positive operating leverage in the fourth quarter of this year and carry over into next year. Strategically, our investments in the southeast and middle market expansion markets, in commercial payments, and in wealth and asset management, continue to produce strong growth and market share gains. We grew consumer households by 3% year-over-year in the second quarter, punctuated by 6% growth in our southeast markets. Middle market loan production and new quality relationships were the strongest in Indiana, the Carolinas, Texas, and California. In our industry verticals, production was strongest where federal government spending has had an outsized benefit, including in aerospace and defense contractors and with manufacturing and infrastructure construction firms. Commercial payments revenue grew 12% year-over-year, driven by our investments in our software enabled managed services and Newline our embedded payments business. Commercial payments is a scale business for us. In the first half of 2024 alone, we processed more than $8 trillion in volume. Nearly half of all new treasury management relationships we added year-to-date were payments-led and have no credit extended. Wealth and asset management fee revenues grew 11% year-over-year, and total assets under management grew to $65 billion, a 10% increase compared to the same quarter last year. Fifth Third Securities, the private bank, and Fifth Third Wealth Advisors, the RIA platform we launched in 2022, all generated strong performance. Digital Banker and Global Private Banker recognized us again as the best private bank for high net worth clients for the third consecutive year. Turning to capital, our strong profitability allowed us to resume share repurchases during the quarter while also increasing our CET1 ratio to 10.6%. The Federal Reserve stress test results highlighted our strong capital levels, consistent profitability, and simple yet well-diversified business model. Importantly, we maintain the capacity to increase our dividend, support organic growth, and continue share repurchases. As we look ahead to the rest of the year, we remain cautious due to the wide range of potential economic and geopolitical scenarios that could unfold. As a result, we will remain disciplined and will not chase loan growth at the expense of our return targets. We'll continue to maintain flexibility by staying liquid, neutrally positioned, and broadly diversified, while investing in the long-term. Before I hand it over to Bryan to provide additional details on our second quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of the year, I want to express my gratitude to our employees for the consistent hard work, innovation, and passion for service that you bring to our customers. This morning, your money named us the best super regional bank in the US, as part of their 2024 awards for excellence. I'm honored to be part of your team. With that, Bryan over to you.
Tim Spence: Yeah. Good question. I think that's the million dollar question for the industry right there. There's no question that if we see some relief on rates, it is a positive, both for loan demand and for credit quality. Jamie Leonard, and I have been out in several of the markets this quarter doing market visits, and we've been running a straw poll on where rates need to be before activity picks up. And the wisdom of the crowds, at least inside Fifth Third at the moment is about 4.5% the Meridian, where we'll see a pickup in more activity. That said, while rates would be constructive, I think, I continue always to worry about the broader macro issues. We've got land wars and two volatile regions in the US right now. We have an election that's upcoming. We have massive fiscal deficits in the US. We have a ton of Treasury Issuance that's going to be required to reload the TGA at some point here, and they're going to have to turn that out, and that's going to put pressure on the long-end of the curve. And while I think we have some stability here, I'm uncomfortable with the level of support that the federal government is having to provide to keep GDP growth at where it is at the moment. I mean, the jobs numbers, this most recent batch, unless I'm mistaken, a third of the new jobs that were created, were created by the government. When we look at our footprint and we look at where the activity is, where there's federal stimulus, we're seeing robust activity everywhere else. We've got a client in Tennessee tell us that the current environment was quote, half speed ahead, right. So we will continue to be mindful about that. I'm a believer that in uncertain environments, you have to focus on getting growth from the businesses that you know and the strategies that are proven. You're not going to see us stretching into categories we don't know or doing things that we're uncomfortable with from a credit perspective and where we have to bet on a favorable macro to bail us out in terms of getting repaid.
Tim Spence: Yeah, Scott, it's Tim. I'm happy to do that. And I think you hit on the most important thing here, which is the best thing for you to do is focus on the statements of fact as opposed to the press releases on this one. I think that by the Bureau's own statements of fact here, these were old issues. So one was nearly five years old, the other was nearly 10 years old respectively. There are things that we identified and reported. And in case of auto, we completely canceled the program before they ever even started their investigation. And I think while of course, we always take anything that impacts customers seriously, Fifth Third the size of the fines, which are a fraction of what you've seen in other places, probably speak for themselves in terms of the limited scope of the issues here. We elected to close these things out because given the fact that they were small in the past, it just didn't make sense to continue to spend more money litigating than it was going to spend to settle. So, you know, we put them in the rearview mirror. We have the one-time expense this quarter, and that's where it is going to stay. You shouldn't expect any incremental ongoing expense because these are issues that are so old, anything that needed to be done was already done from an ongoing [operational perspective] (ph).
Tim Spence: Yeah, Ken, it's Tim. We talked a while ago, and maybe we haven't been doing enough of this recently, but about the power of having these intermediate duration fixed rate loan origination platforms was, by that I really mean you think about provide, you think about the auto business, you think about dividends. Like if you just look at the yields on the indirect auto and specialty business year-over-year, we've added almost 100 basis points to the yield in the portfolio. And if you look at the solar product, it's north of 200 basis points that we have been able to add year-over-year. And that just speaks to the power of both the one, the sort of origination capacity that exists there that we can dial up in an environment where spreads widen and it makes sense for us to do it. And two, the fact that these are asset classes that are going to reprice a lot faster than the 3% mortgages that were originated at the low point in the rate cycle and that are going to persist much longer than the jumbo mortgages and the other fixed rate product that you see being available to banks out in the market today, which are all likely to prepay if we get any sort of meaningful movement out of the Fed. So that will be an important part of the way that we continue to drive outcomes, even in an environment where you don't get a meaningful improvement in loan demand across the industry.
Tim Spence: Sure. So, just to make sure that I'm clear, and I know you were, But I mean, dividend has nothing to do with the CFPB. So those are two separate issues. Right, right. Okay. Yeah. look, on the dividend front, we are believers that the best way to get growth is to attach yourself to long-term secular trends. So the focus on the Southeast was to get the bank linked to the demographic migration that was going to support the growth in that market. The focus on commercial payments has been about attaching ourselves to this trend of digitization in general and in particular the intermediation of these legacy workflows with software. And in the case of dividend and what we've elected to do on the project finance on the commercial solar side of the equation. The focus is on both the diversification of energy sources with a focus on renewable, and I think in particular in the case of dividend, the need that we are going to have across the country to have more distributed power generation and storage, if we're going to avoid rolling brownouts and other sorts of issues that come from the fact that we have a very old energy infrastructure. And in particular now with the explosion in data centers that are going to be required to support AI and otherwise, a lot of very power intensive commercial applications. So we view the residential solar and battery storage, as an important part of the way that our customers and people we don't do business with today are going to be able to meet their power needs in the future. And I actually think that for our products like this with an intermediate duration and a super prime credit risk profile, banks are the best source of liquidity, not the worst. The focus is just making sure that you do business with the best because you're right, the same way that in auto we're reliant on the quality of care that the dealer provides to ensure that you know our borrower has a good experience, we are reliant on the quality of the installer and you know the actions that we took shortly after acquiring dividend to refocus the business on the 150 best installers in the portfolio are going to continue to be, we think a very viable and high quality way to go to market.
Tim Spence: Sure. There were some installer failures. As interest rates rose because the volume went down. I think as a matter of policy here, we take care of the customer. So if an installer is unable to complete a job, we complete it on behalf of the installers. We have done that in every case where we had an installer who was unable to complete a project and get it to PTO and you would expect that we – you should expect that we're going to continue to do that. That's the standard of care that we would provide for any customer inside the bank regardless of the channel that they came through regardless of the product. And so as those installer failures work their way through the system, we're going to take care of the customer.
Tim Spence: No, I think the other issue that you're facing right now is you're actually not getting paid to extend your duration given the inversion of the yield curve. I mean, the 10-year rate this morning is 4.2%, but we're earning [5.5%, 5.40%, 5.5%] (ph) on the front end of the curve. And given our rate outlook, we just don't think it makes sense at this point to be adding duration, giving up earnings today when we think over the horizon that we are not sure that [4.20%] (ph) is a good entry point.
Tim Spence: Yeah, I think that the trend in criticized in general has actually been encouraging from my perspective. Greg, you may want to talk about this, but the only real growth we've seen in criticized are a few ABL facilities. If you look at it over the last 12 months, and we're well secured there and well within the collateral.
Bryan Preston: Thank you, Ebrahim. We certainly believe that rate cuts are positive for Fifth Third’s. If you look at slide 42, we actually give a little bit more detail on the mix of the interest-bearing deposit book. 64% of our book right now would be classified in kind of the higher beta categories. This represents our index deposits, which are up to $35 billion. The CDs that we have in place, we've done a nice job of managing the maturity of the CD bucket so that most of our CDs will mature by the end of the year. That's another $14 billion of balances and our promotional balances as well. So we have a lot of captions where within that book that we are going to be able to reprice down. Overall, that's about 64% of the deposits. We certainly have some lower rate buckets still that we think the betas are effectively zero. We have a high amount of confidence though that we're going to be able to get cost out and be able to manage. We really only need to be in a kind of mid-50s to low-60s beta to be able to be neutral to liability sensitive and we're confident we can deliver that.
Bryan Preston: Yeah, absolutely, Scott. You know, the second to third quarter increase, we're talking about not too aggressive of a fee growth perspective. We continue to expect continued performance out of our wealth and asset management business, as well as commercial payments. Payments has been taken along at $3 million to $4 million a quarter increases, and we expect that to continue and feel really good about it. We're also going to see some seasonal impacts actually come out associated with our mortgage business. We've benefited a lot from the servicing portfolio, all the servicing ads that we did right at the end of the low rate cycle has benefited us and generated a lot of great income, but there is a seasonal headwind, 1Q to 2Q that we felt that was about $7 million. That's not going to repeat. So we're set up really well for that 2Q to 3Q growth that we've laid out. And then in the fourth quarter, we'll get some additional seasonal benefit out of the MSR. The payments and card spend will continue to pick up, especially the seasonal card spending consumer. We'll get the $10 million TRA benefit. And then we always see some pickup in both commercial banking and leasing in the fourth quarter that should both generate some additional income as well. That gets us to that little bit higher growth rate trajectory that you could see that's implied throughout in 3Q and 4Q.
Bryan Preston: Yeah, absolutely. Thanks, Ken. Great question. You know, what we would tell you is that what it will create is, it will create some opportunity to be a little bit more aggressive on some of the rate cuts associated with the CDs and the promo portfolios that we've seen. Historically, when we've navigated through these down rate cycles, those first couple cuts on the consumer side do have a pretty decent impact on customer mentality and sentiment and your ability to create some sticky balances. We've been through this a few times now where we've seen the ability to convert those balances into a lower rate balance and cause them to stick around. And on the other side of that, the commercial balances, in particular the index balances, those are immediate impacts and will just move with the market. We have really no concern around that index strategy. It's another one that we've executed in prior cycles. I think we've done a nice job of kind of navigating and managing those balances up in those index portfolios as we've reached the grades. It gives us a lot of confidence in the ability to very quickly get those costs out.
Bryan Preston: I would actually tell you that most of it is just the natural transition of the balance sheet in the business today. I think our NII story is actually pretty simple. Right now it's the continued fixed rate asset pricing and slowing deposit cost. And if you look at just the trends that we're laying out, you know, we're adding about $8 million a quarter right now, just on the natural repricing of the existing balance sheet. And you think with, we've talked a lot about $4 billion to fixed rate asset repricing. That's happening at about 200 basis points. That's $20 million a quarter. And then the deposit costs up 4 bps this quarter on $120 billion interest bearing book [versus 12] (ph) of incremental costs to take us down to that net 8. We get a little bit of continued slowing on deposit cost side. That can approach $10 million, $15 million, $20 million a quarter. Day count, we're going to pick up $10 million here in the third quarter. And then that sets us up for an exit rate where if you just take the 4 times the fourth quarter math, you're right around what is our record NII of [$58 million, $52 million] (ph). Throw on a little earning asset or loan growth on top of that and the path is there for us. That's what gives us confidence. The big wild card, like we always talk about, is just how competitive deposit pricing ultimately ends up being. But if we start to see rate cuts, we would expect to see some decent relief on the liability side.
Bryan Preston: Yeah, I would tell you that we are very focused internally on maintaining plenty of liquidity to deal with any uncertainty associated with potential rules, as well as the market. So that has just been a big driver of our positioning and why we've done that. But the other thing that it allows for us, yes it is a good liquidity risk management tool, but it does allow us to have a little bit more confidence on the interest rate risk management side as well, because we can be more aggressive on our liability management actions because of that cash position. So it really is the combination of that liquidity and liability management benefits that we are focused on and why we continue to keep those levels that we have. As rates come down, and as we get through that environment and see stability in the market from a liquidity perspective, we really have an ability to take that down over time. As you pointed out, it was a big increase year-over-year. The year-over-year increase was a 20 basis point impact on our NIM. So, getting back to more normalized levels would be a nice trend for us from a NIM perspective.
Bryan Preston: We're looking for the spots where it makes sense to continue to evaluate where loan growth should come from. As Tim talked about, we're certainly not going to sacrifice on earning appropriate returns as part of this. But just given some of the confidence that we have in terms of that we think we are going to see a cut this year, that we are going to start to see some relief and we are starting to see a little bit of the animal spirits in the market start to build. Like our pipelines are looking better than where they were three months ago, six months ago. So we think there's going to be opportunity to continue to see some growth in those areas and feel good about positioning.
Bryan Preston: Yeah. So we obviously have had a very cautious outlook from a commercial real estate perspective for a really long time. We do think that there is some value in participating in the market, and so where we've chosen to do that is in that non-agency portfolio in structured form. Because we do think those structural enhancements create a lot of credit protections for us. The article that you were mentioning this week was in regards to a specific structure called a SASB, a Single Asset Single Borrower structure, which funny enough, basically every commercial real estate loan is a Single Asset Single Borrower structure. But in our case for our broader portfolio, we have very little SASB within our portfolio. I had mentioned about a month ago at Morgan Stanley that amount was about $150 million for us and all of our bonds in that structure are continuing to be performing very, very strongly. The broader structure, we have nearly 40% credit enhancement that is in front of us from a first loss perspective. And the weighted average loan-to-value on the non-agency portfolio is still around 60%. We use some advanced analytic tools that the industry has available and we stress the portfolio regularly. As part of our process, our credit underwriting team underwrites and evaluates the top 10 loans in every structure to make sure that we are comfortable. We monitor the portfolio very closely and continue to have no concerns on what we're seeing.
Bryan Preston: I mean yeah, the charge-offs are going to make both of those loans. And overall, charge-offs are coming out of the criticize. So yeah, any time we're going to have commercial charge-offs, it's going to improve. We were pretty stable quarter-over-quarter in our criticize. And we're starting to see it level off. And so we’re not overly worried that we're going to see continued increases based on what we know today, based on unforeseen economic conditions.
Bryan Preston: Yeah, I tell people here all the time that the first rule of whole is that you have to stop digging. So it is nice after many years of having brackets around the change in balance number for home equity to see a turn of the tide there. I would not anticipate that it's a big driver of our loan growth over the course of the next few quarters, not because we wouldn't like it to be, but if you look at the amount of spending and home improvement in general right now, just look at the big home improvement retailers, you'll see that that's a category that remains pretty depressed. That said, I do think that the right strategy here for homeowners who have these 3% fixed rate mortgages is going to be to improve where they are as opposed to moving. And home equity is a great way to do that. So we would like to see more growth in home equity. We like the credit quality there. It just -- it's going to be slow and steady here in terms of the pickup.
Greg Schroeck: Gerard, hey it's Greg. Great question. So I'll answer the second one first. So yeah we had the two names that Bryan mentioned that were two different industries. We're not seeing any thematic concerning trends emerging out of the [technical difficulty] geographically by [technical difficulty]. But we've talked about lumpiness on the commercial side. And that's what we experienced this quarter. We're normalizing off very low loss rates, and so when we have one or two of these episodic events, they're going to get highlighted, and that's what we saw. But as Bryan mentioned, they were not a surprise. We had reserves against those two loans, and so we think we're through those. The overall credit metrics remain really solid. Our delinquencies were down quarter-over-quarter. The NPAs that you referred to were down 13%, quarter-over-quarter at 55 basis points. That's below our 10-year average. We're up 1 basis point year-over-year on NPAs, and it's really across the Board. We had about $80 million in commercial losses this quarter, but we are down almost $100 million. So we are working the portfolio very hard. We're working out of some of the NPA loans without experiencing the loss rates, but it's really across the board. What we're not seeing the NPAs are in the commercial real estate portfolio. We had about $3 million in NPAs there. So that portfolio continues to perform very, very well. It had virtually no delinquencies in that portfolio. So it's really across the board where we're seeing the improvement in our NPA numbers. Had a little bit on the consumer side, both sides have been driven on the commercial side.
Greg Schroeck: Yeah, another great question. So we've got subscription lines to some of those type of companies, highly rated borrowers. But as you know, those are mostly predicated on and underwritten, overcollateralized to the LP Capital. But we're not in that leverage -- on leverage space. We're not active there. We've got a couple direct lending lines of credit. They're totaled about $30 million, so about [$15 million fee] (ph). So we're not active in that space.
Greg Schroeck: Yeah, it's Greg again. So Yeah, certainly, as Tim mentioned, any kind of rate cut is going to help us from an overall asset quality. It will on the consumer side. It will on the commercial side. It takes a little while for those rate cuts to play through the portfolio. So as Bryan mentioned in his prepared remarks, we still feel good about the 40 basis points or 45 basis points for the rest of this year. Then we'll see how the rest of the marketplace plays out. But as I just mentioned in the previous question, still feel really good about the overall metrics of the portfolio. Our NPA rates is a good indicator of potential loss rates moving forward, and those numbers continue to come down and improve. And so I think even without rate increases, still feel really good about our portfolio, get a little bit of goodness from the rates and yeah, I think it certainly helps as we get into 2025.
Greg Schroeck: Yeah, absolutely. You know, we're typically, our normal business is about two-thirds sensitive to the front end of the curve. You know, I will tell you with our current cash position, we're probably closer to 75% sensitive on the front end of the curve. So relief on the front end is part of what would be the big driver from an asset sensitivity perspective. And the interesting thing about how this environment could play out is we could potentially get some of that relief on the front end of the curve and still benefit from the fixed rate asset repricing that we're expecting over the next couple of years. Because what's rolling off right now is a lot of that loans that were originated in those periods of really low interest rates. So even if you see a little bit of lower rates on the longer-end of the curve, you would still have a nice pickup relative to the [prompt of back] (ph) with dynamic. So that front end relief and as Tim mentioned around our concerns around their -- concerns around continued treasury issuance, if that's the scenario that were to play out, it would be one that would be a nice situation from an NII perspective. But it would probably continue the longer-end of the curve could cause some additional challenges for the economy from a growth perspective.
Greg Schroeck: Exactly right. That was the driver of our first quarter increase in criticized assets. About 16% of our criticized assets are in that ADL fully conforming. We're not doing [SOFR] (ph), we're within assets. So I think the loss content. Now that said, you could have a weakness or well-defined weakness that we'll work out of. But I feel good about the trending that we've seen. And for the rest of this year, again based on what I know today, you know I would expect stable, criticized levels.
