Gregory D. Carmichael: Thanks, Sameer, and thanks all of you for joining us this morning. Today, we reported first quarter net income to common shareholders of $312 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.40. We had some non-core items that added $0.03 to earnings per share in the quarter. Our Q1 results were solid, especially considering the market volatility we experienced during the quarter. Fee income levels, including capital market fees, were stronger despite market disruptions. As you know, we have been building out our capital markets capabilities for the last few years. We're seeing our investments pay off. During the quarter, we closed on the largest M&A deal in the history of our company. Net interest income was also stronger than expected. We benefited from low deposit betas following the December rate hike and expect to continue to manage deposit rates tightly. Given the outlook for rate, we should continue to benefit from our steady and cautious strategy with respect to rate risk management. We remain focused on executing our defined strategies. We closed on the sale of the branches in St. Louis, which resulted in an $8 million pre-tax gain. In addition, we expect to close on the sale of the Pittsburgh branches. We continue to rationalize our branch network and are on track to deliver $60 million in annual expense savings related to these reductions. We're introducing new products and services. Our new Express Banking product, for example, received high accolades throughout directly from the CFPB. Since we launched this product in November of 2015, we have opened more than 65,000 new customer accounts. Our ongoing investments in digital technology continue to accelerate our growth rate in mobile banking. In 2015, our growth of mobile users exceeded the industry average and even accelerated, while the rest of our industry experienced a slowdown. In the first quarter, over 70% (sic) [17%] of our deposit transactions were executed via mobile devices, compared with 12% in the first quarter of 2012 (sic) [2015]. In addition, we doubled the number of checking accounts that were opened online from a year ago. During the quarter, we implemented an early retirement program. This program resulted in a $14 million one-time expense that will generate $9 million in annual cost savings. We'll continue to look for more efficient ways to operate our company. Achieving operating leverage is our top priority and we're making progress toward that goal. Our expenses, net of one-timers, were up 2% sequentially, partly reflecting the seasonal increase in FICA and unemployment insurance. While we are investing in our company, we are very focused on controlling expenses across all of our operations. We now believe that our expense growth in 2016 will be lower than we had originally expected. Tayfun will provide more details and an update on our outlook in his comments. As we shared with you in January, we are pursuing with several strategic initiatives to improve revenue growth, generate cost efficiencies and improve service quality. We remain on track and intend to share our progress with you as the year continues to unfold. While in 2015 we discussed our efforts to reduce our risk exposures, as of March 31 our loans to commodity traders were down to $241 million. That's down by more than 50% from the peak. On energy, oil prices did rebound off lows, but the sector remains under stress. Our balances were stable from the fourth quarter at $1.7 billion. As expected, we saw continued deterioration in the book. Energy NPLs were $168 million higher from the last quarter, but they represented the bulk of the total NPL increase during the quarter. The loans that moved into the NPL category were predominantly reserve-based loans. As these loans are generally well collateralized, (05:29) we do not expect a similar increase in net charge-offs. At the end of the first quarter, we only had $294 million in loans due to higher risk oilfield services companies. We held reserves of 6.2% against our total energy portfolio and we believe these reserves are more than appropriate. Our capital levels remain strong, with common equity Tier 1 of 9.8%. Our earnings contributed to a tangible book value of $16.32 per share, which was up 5% from last quarter and up 9% over last year. During the quarter, we also announced a share repurchase of $240 million of our common stock which settled on April 11 to retire approximately 14.5 million shares. With that, I'll turn it over to Tayfun to discuss our first quarter operating results and our current outlook.
Gregory D. Carmichael: Mike, this is Greg. Thanks for the question. First off, we are focused on, once again, continuing to rationalize all of our expenses. The branch closures that we announced last year, we should be completely through. We have already sold the Pittsburgh – or the St. Louis. We'll close on Pittsburgh this week. We expect to be through that exercise by middle of this year. And we're still on target for that $60 million annualized improvement on the branches. We also – as I mentioned before, we offered a early retirement program. We are very focused on expense management, but we're also focused on making the strategic investments that we have to make going forward, that we hope and we anticipate will continue to drive revenue, improve our operating efficiencies, improve our service quality. We've got to make those investments. We want to do this at the best price points. So we're even sharpening the pencil closely on how we spend that money to make sure we get the return we're looking for. We're very much focused on the execution of those initiatives and drive into the outcomes. So, going forward, we've guided lower on the expenses that we initially anticipated for this year, albeit still at 4%. We need to be lower than that obviously. We need to create positive operating leverage and that's what we're focused on. And hopefully, as we go into latter parts of this year, we'll turn the corner to positive operating leverage.
Gregory D. Carmichael: Mike, first off, as I mentioned before, we have to make the investments to reposition the bank for the realities that we're operating in. And we're going to be in this low rate environment we believe for some period of time. We've got to focus on generating quality revenues with the right partnerships and we also have to focus on making sure that we have efficiencies in our organization. If you go back and look at our operation cost, we're running our central operations less than we did in 2007 at a much higher volume rate than we were in 2007. We have a good history of managing expenses in this organization, and we'll continue that history going forward. But we have to invest to re-platform our infrastructure, which we're doing, and we'll get paid well for that. We're pruning back and leaving back our distribution channels, as we mentioned before, around branches. We're moving to digital and on capabilities for our customers which will reduce our back-office cost, re-platforming our retail platform, our mortgage platform, which would be significantly more efficient going forward. We've got to get paid for those investments. So it's not lost upon me at the end of the day that we're making commitments. We've got to get the return on those commitments to the bottom-line of the company, and that's what we're focused on. We've mentioned that and I mentioned before that this year is a transformational year to make those investments, but we've got to get paid for them. So my style is this, is execution, getting it done and making the commitments that we made to the organization, our shareholders and our investors, and we're going to do just that. So, that's what we're focused on.
Gregory D. Carmichael: This is Greg. First off, obviously, Vantiv has done extremely well and we're proud to have our ownership position that we have in that company. We've been very thoughtful over the last three years in how we monetize that position. I think the returns to our shareholders have been outstanding. We're going to continue to watch that company. We're going to continue to assess the value of their equity and their forward opportunities, strategically what they have in front of them and their opportunities, and we're going to make the best decision for our shareholders going forward with respect to how we continue to monetize our position. Consistently we've done that each year. We anticipate to continue that same path. To what extent and at what time, well, it really gets back to looking at the factors I just discussed, which is our long-term thoughts and projections on what they're going to be able to perform at and how we're performing, and we'll continue to monetize that position over time.
Gregory D. Carmichael: And we do have – and we continue to look at once again ways that we can continue to be a better partner and add value in our business. So, when you think about our payments area, we support obviously corporate strategy verticals like retail, healthcare and so forth. So, looking for opportunities in those sectors, we made a small investment in a company called Zipscene. We just made investment in another company called Transactis that was just recently announced. So those are the type of things I'm looking for. In addition to that, we're also looking for opportunities in the wealth management sector, insurance opportunities. That might make sense for us going forward as we continue to build out more capabilities in those sectors. So we're interested in where those opportunities lie, once again for the right value proposition, for the right long-term value for our shareholders, we're considering those. On the bank side of the house, as I mentioned in prior discussions, we're really focused on opportunities to be more relevant in the markets that we're in. And we can continue to build out a quality franchise in our higher growth markets like the Carolinas, Tennessee, Chicago markets. We're interested in when those opportunities materialize, that make sense for our shareholders, at the right price, at the right value proposition, we're going to continue to consider those also.
Gregory D. Carmichael: No, we feel good about the pipeline, but I'll turn it over to Lars for some more color around the pipeline.
Gregory D. Carmichael: Listen, we've got a good franchise in Chicago. There's opportunities to grow in that market. So we're being thoughtful about opportunities that may emerge in markets like Chicago and our other higher Mid-South (51:59) footprint opportunities. So we will consider those type of acquisitions. I don't want to put a size limit or opportunity out there on the size of the deal we do, but obviously there's going to be something we'll make sure that fit our franchise. This is something that we could execute well against. And once again, it gets back to the value preposition of that opportunity for our shareholders long-term. The market has not been favorable to recent deals that were announced, we're very mindful of that. We want to make sure we do the right deal at the right time for the right value preposition for our shareholders.
Frank R. Forrest: Hey. Good question. Thank you, Ken. As we reported, non-performing assets are up in the quarter, almost all of that is energy-related, 90%-plus is energy-related. It's all tied to reserve-based lending loans, seven (21:57) loans. We feel very confident at this point that those loans are protected by the risk-adjusted collateral coverage that we have in place. All borrowers in the segment that are on NPL that were just moved are current. I think that's important. The regulators, as you've probably heard on other earnings calls, have taken a much stricter view of how they are classifying these loans from an accounting perspective. They are looking to cover both the first and the second lien positions on these companies. In our case, we have a super secured first lien position, and we've gone through a very detailed portfolio analysis of bottoms-up of all of our energy book to ensure that from a borrowing base perspective we're well secured. So NPLs are up. However, it's in a segment that's very well protected from a collateral position both historically and based on our current outlook. We could see additional deterioration from an energy perspective in NPL given that in the future, as Tayfun indicated. But we are not changing our outlook on overall credit losses. Beyond that, when you look at the rest of the portfolio, we've talked this morning about commercial real estate, and we feel very good about that book. The performance is holding up very well. We have very little exposure in commercial real estate in the energy states. We have four multi-family credits that are in Houston, two of which are stabilized, the other two are performing under construction according to the terms that we've set. And we have some exposure in Denver from a commercial real estate perspective, but that market has held up very well, that being in an energy sector. So the overall commercial real estate book at this point is performing to our expectations. Our middle market book is performing very well. We're showing very strong performance in most of our core markets. We're not concerned there. Our leverage book is stable. We'll have some lumpiness quarter-to-quarter in leverage, but overall it's performing to our expectations as well. So I hope that was responsive to your question.
Frank R. Forrest: Yeah. One thing to keep in mind, we're really not a Southwest bank. We don't have a retail presence in the Southwest. We do other business there. Our commercial books held up very well. We don't see any deterioration from a traditional, commercial middle market or mid-cap perspective. I just talked about real estate. Again, in Texas, we just had four transactions, $100 million in total exposure, multi-family, through national developers. We see no problems there. If you switch over to indirect, we have about $1.5 billion in the energy states in indirect exposure, which is 4% of our total indirect...
Frank R. Forrest: Indirect. And so it's a $1.5 billion in total indirect exposure – in consumer exposure and the vast majority of that is in indirect auto loans. We've seen some uptick in past dues in that book. We've cut off a number of dealer relationships in Texas in order to pull in and shrink back that exposure. But, overall, we feel good about the consumer indirect book in Texas. Other than that, we really don't have any substantial consumer exposure in the energy states. So, again, our focus has been, and if you ask for concerns, it would be around what we have in real estate, but it's small and it's well managed, and on the indirect and the direct piece of consumer, it's 4% of our portfolio.
Frank R. Forrest: This is Frank. It has not. We have not changed our position at all. We're predominantly a super prime lender to the top dealers and it continues to perform very well to our expectations.
Frank R. Forrest: Your question regarding loss, I mean our normal range is 30 basis points to 50 basis points of loss. We've performed to that number over the last several years. We've had some lumpiness quarter-to-quarter, but if you look at year-over-year performance, we've stayed within that range, and that's where we expect to be this year. As Lars said, we are really intently focused on managing credit really well through the cycle. And so we are looking at investing in businesses that we believe will do that. We're growing our asset-based lending business. We're growing our leasing business. But we're pulling back a bit on our leverage business. Those are all conscious decisions to ensure we have the appropriate risk and return in balance that will provide good returns and consistent performance through any cycle as we go forward.
Frank R. Forrest: Well, it should. Over an extended period of time, it should. But where we sit today, is we're managing what we have currently on the books, and currently, how we're managing the energy book. It's small relative to the overall size of our company at less than 2% of our outstandings, but we're in a choppy environment. Our performance overall is still I think very good and our outlook for this year is continue to be consistent. We haven't changed our outlook where charge-offs are.
Frank R. Forrest: 52% of our core book is investment grade. Again, as we've talked about before, E&P loans make up 58% of our total portfolio. The vast majority of those are reserve-based lending loans, where we feel we're very well secured. We continue to be protected by our risk-adjusted collateral coverage. The issue we have is not there, the issue we have is on 17% of the portfolio which is oilfield services. And it's only on a third of that portfolio, where about $90 million where we have projected losses going forward. So it's a small book, 2% overall, and the portion that we're concerned about is 17% of that 2%, and only a third of that, if that makes sense. So we feel overall we're very well protected.
Tayfun Tuzun: Again, we will have to look at the reserve situation on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Obviously, we did say that reserve releases are very unlikely and, by the end of the year, our provisioning will reflect loan growth ultimately. But that's a quarter-by-quarter analysis that we will share with you.
Tayfun Tuzun: That's going to be a function of basically the payoffs and originations. Originations are clearly coming at the upper end of our credit spectrum. In March, for example, when we looked at our commercial originations, the average grades were sort of very close to the investment grade spectrum in our underwriting. Largely, the timing of the impact on margin will also depend on the payoffs from the lower-end of the spectrum, and that's a little bit tough to quantify. We will quantify that for you each quarter as the quarter goes by, but it's a fairly steady type of tightening at this point.
Tayfun Tuzun: So, in terms of the spreads, the spreads this quarter were a good 25 basis points, 30 basis points above what we've seen over the past number of quarters. But I just want to remind you that that was a very deliberate decision on our part to lower our annual originations to roughly $3 billion from $5 billion, which enabled us to focus on profitability rather than volume. Our auto business is a national business, that has not changed. The geographic distribution of originations is roughly about the same, except for what Frank mentioned earlier. The spreads have widened, the credit quality remains the same. So we're getting more return on the same type of capital allocation for the loans that we are originating.
Tayfun Tuzun: Pipeline looks good. I mean, obviously, the rates have stayed under 4% for most of the first quarter. It's a little early to make a comment on spreads for the quarter. Obviously, Q1 spreads were wider. We'll just have to wait a little longer to get a firmer perspective on gain on sales spreads for this quarter.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah, I mean, I think actually the tax rate came in pretty close to where we expected for the year. We're going to be close to these numbers probably within sort of a 0.5 percentage level-ish. It really is no different than what we expected going into the year.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. Remember, when we were building for LCR, Matt, in the last two years, there was quite a bit more movement in the size of the portfolio. But, looking out now, it's going to be a steadier direction.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. And Mike, remember, first quarter has, compared to the fourth quarter, $25 million, $26 million higher just in two line-items, which is FICA and unemployment insurance. So the first quarter typically is going to be a higher efficiency ratio quarter compared to Q4. But, as Greg said and he's been talking about this for a couple of quarters now, there's quite a bit of focus on taking out expenses from operations, so that we can reinvest back in the company. So our outlook – we believe that we will do better than what we've told you in January.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. So it's difficult to tell you exactly where we are in terms of the de-risking or repositioning of our balance sheet, and part of that is that we have a changing economic environment, interest environment, economic environment. But I would tell you that we continue to stay focused on it every single day. We're reallocating our resources to the businesses that best fit not just our risk appetite, but also produce the best returns for our shareholders over a long period of time. One of the keys here is not just, of course, to achieve the highest returns, but also position this balance sheet and our loan portfolio so that it'll outperform through the future cycles, which I think leads to the second part of your question, which Frank may want to have a comment on.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah, I think, Geoff, we don't have trigger points where we feel that we are forced to take action. We look at that sector, the drivers of performance in that sector. We look at performance of drivers in the banking sector. We look at Vantiv's opportunities strategically. So it is really a multi-factor analysis that we go through and try to make the same type of decisions that we've made in the past for our shareholders.
James C. Leonard: Yeah. And one thing on our NIM outlook for the second quarter that's embedded in that is that, C&I yield, the expectation would be down a couple of basis points as a result of that loan yield compression as we continue to transition to a higher credit profile client...
James C. Leonard: Yeah. And on the first quarter origination levels, it was a little bit ahead of $900 million or so and that was a little bit ahead of our expectations, frankly, given the pricing changes and the yields you've seen. So our outlook has increased the originations from about $3 billion at the end of the year to about $3.3 billion for this year, and I think you'll see yield expansion in the second quarter in that book.
James C. Leonard: Yeah. Right now, you saw on our book, at the beginning of the quarter, January, February, we reinvested some cash flows because we saw a little bit better entry point there and then you saw we lightened on an end-of-period basis on the investment portfolio as we closed out the quarter. So, frankly, if rates were to stay at these pretty low levels, you could expect from us just to reinvest cash flows because the entry points don't look real good. But if rates were to have a little bit of a sell-up here and present more opportunity, then you would expect our investment portfolio to grow in line with earning assets. But I don't think you'll see a lot of movement in the book one way or the other throughout 2016.
Lars C. Anderson: Yeah. So, overall – and this is Lars. We've seen pretty steady balances on an overall basis in that portfolio as we continue to work through with our clients. What we did see in this past quarter was commitment levels declined, as we've repositioned and reduced our exposure level to a number of names. Accordingly, utilization rates moved up a little bit. But, frankly, we would expect that those overall balances committed and loan balances would come down over a period of time as the clients that we continue to work with very closely continue to sell off core, non-core assets, access the equity capital and debt capital markets and reduce their profile. But this is a great long-term business. We've got some expert bankers and we're working very closely with our clients.
Lars C. Anderson: Yeah. I mean, I think, also just on an absolute basis, yes everything else being equal. But if the environment changes and we sort of get to the other side of this credit cycle, it is our expectation and belief that by doing what we are doing, de-risking the business, our credit performance relative to the industry should be better. That doesn't necessarily mean that at absolute levels it will stay, but relative to the credit cycles, we will do better.
Lars C. Anderson: Yeah. So, if you break down corporate banking, you really look at the significant part of that capital markets where we really outperformed, and I think we outperformed the market. We're up 18% from the prior quarter. We're up on a common quarter basis also. And frankly, we grew almost every client solution and every product throughout our capital markets platform, other than corporate bond underwriting. Frankly, we're getting a lot of traction there. The pipeline is strong, it's strengthening. And a lot of that is because we're adding additional talent and capabilities. We're able to broaden current relationships and it's putting us into a position, frankly, to be more leaned left with a number of our clients. So I feel good about it over the long-term. But I think it's important to keep in mind that for capital markets, that the macroeconomic environment does have a significant impact quarter-to-quarter and it does tend to be a little bit of a lumpy fee income source. And we mean to diversify it, build it out, consistent with our relationship banking strategy.
