Sameer Gokhale: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing our financial results for the third quarter of 2017. This discussion may contain certain forward-looking statements about Fifth Third pertaining to our financial condition, results of operations, plans and objectives. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from historical performance and these statements. We've identified some of these factors in our forward-looking cautionary statement at the end of our earnings release and in other materials, and we encourage you to review them. Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. Additionally, reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures we reference during today's conference call are included in our earnings release along with other information regarding the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A copy of our most recent quarterly earnings release can be accessed by the public in the Investor Relations section of our corporate Web site, www.53.com. This morning, I'm joined on the call by our President and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Operating Officer, Lars Anderson; Head of Commercial Bank, Richard Stein; and Treasurer, Jamie Leonard. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call up for questions. Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.
Sameer Gokhale: Thanks, Tayfun. Before we start Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have this morning. During the question-and-answer period, please provide your name and that of your firm to the operator. Melissa, please open the call up to questions.
Sameer Gokhale: Thank you, Melissa. And thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third Bank. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact the Investor Relations department and we will be happy to assist you.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, the reason why I provided that color, Ken, is there’s a lot of interest obviously from the investor community to understand NII dynamics in the absence of rates. So what we are projecting is even if the Fed does not have any rate increases left, we do believe that we will be able to maintain a stable NIM and NII. And obviously loan growth with a stable NIM, loan growth will be the factor that influences NII. We clearly still expect widening NIM and growth in NII resulting solely from Fed’s rate increases, but even in the absence we’re not seeing an erosion in our expected numbers.
Tayfun Tuzun: The one color that I would add to that is Greg’s comments relate to the commercial loans but we will see continued reduction in auto loans because our originations will still continue to be under our long-term trends. But we expect obviously with added consumer loans in other line items to make up for that reduction in auto loan outstanding.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, I think so obviously I don’t know how many quarters in a row now, but we have done better than we guided. We continue to focus both on headcount expenses as well as expenses in other line items. There is some increase into the fourth quarter somewhat seasonal in some of the operation areas given the pickup towards the end of the year, some increase in IT expenses related to the timing of the projects coming on line. Our goal is to clearly – first and foremost is to achieve positive operating leverage. The ability to lower expenses will depend upon the investments that are needed to boost our revenue growth opportunities. And we’re not necessarily looking at expense management solely by itself but at how it relates to future growth opportunities. Having said that, it is clearly our goal to maintain a low level of expense growth in order to also achieve – make sure that we achieve operating leverage in this environment which continues to be challenging with respect to revenue growth opportunities. So the company is very focused. We will share more obviously about 2018 with you in December and in our upcoming fourth quarter earnings release in January.
Tayfun Tuzun: That is correct. It’s simply a fourth quarter impact. And let me give you maybe a little bit more of a color there. As you can see on the first page of our earnings release, the after-tax impact – after-tax gain on Vantiv share is $679 million this quarter. If you include the fourth quarter impact on our tax rate, that ultimate resulting after-tax gain is going to be around $657 million, $658 million which is the marginal increase – which leads to the marginal increase in our tax rate. And that year-ending after-tax of $657 million, $658 million in Vantiv is very close to what we disclosed in September at Barclays Conference. So that’s a one-time only tax rate increase that will not show up again in 2018.
Tayfun Tuzun: Having said all of that, just keep in mind we’re not giving 2018 guidance, we’re not giving guidance on loan growth in 2018 at those levels. So I just want to caution you.
Tayfun Tuzun: The biggest impact, Peter, is the decision that we made two years ago to reallocate capital away from lower returning assets into higher returning assets, whether it’s in autos or whether it’s in C&I. The churn of that capital into higher returning assets is clearly a defense mechanism that has worked well for us. At the same time, we are also seeing very healthy and stable origination coupon. Now that doesn’t mean necessarily that spreads are not under pressure and also the betas on deposits so far have fared below our expected levels. But in general overall as we guide for stable NII and stable NIM, this continued churn away from lower returning assets into higher returning assets whether it’s from auto to secured, unsecured lending or within commercial to better relationships is helping us.
Tayfun Tuzun: The auto securitization was on balance sheet it was $1 billion transaction where we held one of the tranches. So it provided 750 million of proceeds but simply was a funding mechanism, no gain or loss on that transaction.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, it’s hard to say quarter-to-quarter where things will go depending upon the overall economic environment. But our longer term goal would be for that to be a smaller portion of our overall balance sheet. As I said before, we’re putting a lot into our core middle market business banking focus and we would expect to be accelerating the growth of that in the future.
Tayfun Tuzun: We are not disclosing the specific yields in sub-portfolios and clearly where we are the lead arranger, that’s a smaller percentage of the total.
Tayfun Tuzun: Obviously in the very near term, our CCAR results and guidance dictates where that capital is. In general, we’ve been targeting a 10% type level and we still have three quarters ahead of us in terms of adding more to our buybacks. Over the long term, that target potentially may change. Our peers clearly are talking more about a 9 handle with respect to their capital ratios. And I think roughly 50 basis point type of reduction in capital would equate to about – if I’m not mistaken a $500 million, $600 million type of additional buyback if we do chose to go there immediately. We clearly believe that the risk profile of our balance sheet and the business composition would dictate a lower capital ratio than what we are carrying today; whether it’s 9%, 9.5%. Time will show.
Tayfun Tuzun: It’s been – for a number of quarters now it’s been going down. It is currently – we don’t typically disclose it, but we’ve seen now over the last two years it’s fairly significant for us on our leverage lending --
Tayfun Tuzun: Which interestingly enough actually was a headwind with respect to spreads and margins. So our ability to stabilize NII and NIM in light of the reduction in our leverage lending portfolio also points to a pretty decent strength in the way we manage this.
Tayfun Tuzun: Vivek, we need to clearly make sure that we watch where the industry is going. There’s a pure regulatory aspect of this. In the last CCAR, they enabled us to be a bit more flexible with respect to our capital return to our shareholders. But we still are cognizant of that additional dimension of where the peer group is. We are currently right in the middle, maybe a little bit above the middle range of the distribution of our peers. There is nothing on our balance sheet that suggest that we need to keep a 10% plus capital, but we would like to make sure that the progression to a lower range is in line with the way our peer group moves their capital as well. So that’s really the factor that dictates, because ultimately when you think about CCAR, it’s a group exercise. Yes, there is idiosyncratic impact of one’s balance sheet and income statement, but when the Fed looks at it, they look at it as a group and we cannot ignore where the peers are. And also the other piece is in terms of our preferred bucket, we still have room of about $400 million to $500 million in additional preferred issuance. So as we think about the composition of capital, that is also a factor.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, and we just have a very robust process where we’re viewing and actively managing that portfolio and we’re taking those gains where we think is appropriate.
Greg Carmichael: Ken, this is Greg. What we’ve communicated is by the end of this year this optimization program is over and there’s more business as usual. So we talked about 5 billion for the last couple of years, 1.5 billion of that this year. We’re pretty much through that, a little bit left in the fourth quarter and then we’re done with the optimization efforts. So you could expect us going forward of a more stable base.
Greg Carmichael: The only thing I would add to Lars’ comments on the consumer side, credit card has been an area of focus for the organization. You see the slight increase this quarter. We expect that to continue onto next year with the investments we’ve made both in people and products in this space. In addition to that, unsecured lending is also another bright spot in our partnership with GreenSky, more originated there and the quality of that relationship, we’re very pleased with. In addition to that, we expect to continue to grow consumer mortgages as we rollout our new platform that’s rolling in at course [ph] already, but we’ll roll in to our retail and direct channels later this year. So we feel confident that we can continue to grow roughly, as Lars said, on low GDP levels.
Greg Carmichael: The only thing I’ll also add to Lars’ comments is our SNC criticized assets are lower than our overall commercial in general. So they performed extremely well and have even through the cycle performed well for us.
Greg Carmichael: We see the digital transformation really impacting both ends of the back office or for continued optimization which I think we’ve done a nice job of. But there’s opportunities around artificial intelligence, we’re biased, that we’re looking at right now to more streamline our processes and reduce our overall cost which we expect to achieve. So that’s a focus. In addition, our client-facing side of the house would be our advancements in our mobile application, our Web platform and the investments we’re making and payments to help our commercial customers automate their back office. We’ll continue to see that. And also around the distribution channels, how we touch our customers, whether the partnership with GreenSky, as we mentioned before, ApplePie, the new partnership we’ve just established with NRT Sightline is another example of that. So we’ll continue to make those investments on both sides. Once again, it gets back to the return and the value we create for our commercial customers and consumer customers and our shareholders.
Greg Carmichael: Terry to your question, that was part of our optimization efforts over the last couple of years, leverage loans.
Lars Anderson: Yes. So maybe speaking to corporate banking fees in particular, Geoffrey, a couple of things. As Tayfun had pointed out, that prior period comparison and what those prudent leasing gains as we actively manage that leasing portfolio is really an important part of that strategy. So you really do have to kind of look a little deeper into it. And I would tell you I business lending fees on a year-over-year basis were up about 2% and that’s why we executed on our balance sheet optimization. So we continue to feel good about those business lending fees and the opportunity to accelerate those as we see the overall lending market grow. But in particular, corporate banking fees are – over 60% of that is capital markets. You know what is going on in the FICC kind of segment this year and the pressure there. But we continue to make investments in our FICC business in replatforming that business to enhance the client experience. That’s going to be rolling out in the coming quarters. But despite that, we’ve stayed very close to our client because we knew, as Fed tightening became closer, that we would see clients begin to take action on a linked quarter basis. Actually our FICC business was up 13%. Investment banking was up 22% on a linked quarter basis. Again, I’ve shared with you that we’ve continued to invest in our loan syndication, capital, our equity and corporate bond, underwriting capabilities, our M&A advisory very strong. That 22% gives us an 18% linked quarter growth overall in capital markets. So we’re going to position ourselves with our clients to capture that. I think we’ve got the right products for the right lines of business and in both our industry verticals and core middle market to continue to accelerate that in the future, albeit that this is a variable area of our noninterest income and the overall economic environment will influence it.
Lars Anderson: Good question. As we look forward to 2018, Tayfun has made some prior comments and we’ll be sharing a little bit more about that in December at the Investor Conference. But we’re looking obviously to grow our commercial portfolio at a rate that would be around nominal GDP plus. We obviously are very focused on moving market share. We’re positioning our businesses to have the capabilities and the talent to frankly execute on that. We continue to build out our industry verticals, which has been a very successful strategy for us. We’re also, as Greg mentioned earlier, we’re focused on also expanding some of our middle market banking operations and markets in which we’ve been operating in the past through verticals and corporate banking around the country. So I believe that with the things that we’ve been investing in and our payments, treasury management, capital markets, we really do have an advantage as we head into the coming quarters. Obviously, the overall economic environment is going to have an impact on it. Our clients, we continue to hear from them. They are more optimistic today I would tell you than they were six months ago. However, there is still a lot of commerce that’s on the sideline. It’s very ready to go, but they need clarity and at that point I think that we can really accelerate the growth.
Lars Anderson: This is Lars. Let me just take that question. To give you a little bit of background on that, we had a number of years ago an increase in the Shared National Credit portfolio in particular consistent with the build out of some of our industry verticals which frankly really benefitted us in a large way. However, Shared National Credits, it’s not a line of business. It is just an outcome of our business strategy. If you look at our SNC portfolio, it’s been fairly stable in that 50%, 51% type range over a number of quarters now. It’s stabilized as we continue to focus even more on our middle markets portfolio. And I would remind you of this too. Our Shared National Credit portfolio is underwritten with the same risk team to the same standard, held to the same pricing discipline, same expectations in terms of risk profile. In fact, if you look at the asset quality of that portfolio today, you would see that it largely matches our overall commercial portfolio the same thing in terms of the overall returns. And we’re really pleased with what we’ve been able to drive there as we have executed on our balance sheet optimization. There has been a churn in that Shared National Credit portfolio today. About 80% of those Shared National Credit relationships have multiple products with us which is very high. The other 20% frankly our newer relationships, ones that we are actively building out and deepening client relationships as we bring to them strategic options in treasury management, more sophisticated products that we’re investing in. So we feel good about our strategy there. But I wouldn’t expect that that would grow significantly in the future in particular as we invest in our core middle market franchise even more on a go-forward basis.
Lars Anderson: Yes, again I would just – I’d reinforce that 80% of that Shared National Credit portfolio that we have multiple products. These are relationships and that’s what we continue to focus on building out moving from just a provider of our balance sheet to true relationships, supporting our verticals and some of our larger core middle market clients. That’s what it’s about.
Lars Anderson: It’s not a new phenomenon. It’s been going on definitely over the past year since the Fed really began increasing rates and it’s definitely on the commercial side you’re seeing and plus types of pricing from FBOs.
Lars Anderson: It really is episodic. We don’t necessarily have a plan for that line item. It depends on where the portfolio is, where asset values are. We don’t necessarily try to maximize residual gains. And last quarter [indiscernible] strong quarter, so the comparisons for last quarter gets a bit weaker.
Jamie Leonard: This is Jamie. As Tayfun mentioned in his prepared remarks, betas have been pretty benign. We’re at about 18% cycle to-date but we’re certainly expecting betas to increase the June move during the quarter was at 20 beta, but we think it will be a 30 beta by the end of the year and a December move we’re modeling in the mid-40 range. So we certainly expect competition to pick up as the Fed continues to hike rates. In terms of deposits, they were down sequentially about 900 million. There was some consumer seasonality softness combined with an ongoing trend on the commercial side that we saw in the second quarter that continued into the third quarter and that’s really driven by a few factors. One, there are certain segments where liquidity is being deployed for working capital or other seasonal needs such as in CRE and pub funds. Also, we’ve seen the large corporate customer base that currently has excess liquidity begin to seek alternative investment options or seek higher deposit rates and that’s a phenomenon where we’re keeping the customer but we lose those excess deposits, because we’re unwilling to match those overly aggressive rates. I think one good data point back to your LCR comment; within our LCR calculation, our nonoperational deposit categories are where we have had the runoff. It’s down about 1.6 billion whereas our operational deposits continue to increase and that’s really as we look forward where we expect to be funding this loan growth in 2018 has continued improvement in the commercial deposit gathering space driven by strong TM client acquisition.
Jamie Leonard: Ken, it’s Jamie. We definitely want deposit growth but we want it in the right categories. And if you look year-over-year, our commercial space we’re down 2 billion in deposits and we’re up 2 billion in the consumer side. And so we’re definitely focused on growing our households and we’ve been very successful in doing that on the consumer side. On the commercial side, we’ve allowed deposit balances to run down just simply from the economics where we have the flexibility when faced with aggressive deposit pricing levels to let deposits run off and fund it through the FHLB. So over time, in '16 and '17, that’s allowed us to experience a lower beta. We still have significant amount of flexibility and contingent liquidity to do so; however, we are focused on growing commercial operational deposits going forward.
Jamie Leonard: I think it’s possible that that would happen but not at the type of Fed increases we’re expecting which are pretty low step-ups from the Fed. We’re just not at that point yet.
