Sameer Shripad Gokhale: Thank you, Joana. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing our financial results for the second quarter of 2016. This discussion may contain certain forward-looking statements about Fifth Third pertaining to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, and objectives. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from historical performance and these statements. We've identified some of these factors in our forward-looking cautionary statement at the end of our earnings release and in other materials, and we encourage you to review them. Fifth Third undertakes no obligation and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. This morning, I'm joined on the call by our CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Operating Officer, Lars Anderson; Chief Risk Officer, Frank Forrest; and Treasurer, Jamie Leonard. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call up to questions. Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.
Sameer Shripad Gokhale: Thanks, Tayfun. Before we start the Q&A as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have this morning. During the question-and-answer period, please provide your name and that of your firm to the operator. Joana, please open the call up for questions.
Sameer Shripad Gokhale: Thank you, Joanna, and thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third Bank. If you have any follow-up questions please contact the Investor Relations department and we will be happy to assist you.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, Ken. So these are basically put and call structures. We own a put option and Vantiv owns a call option on a quarterly basis on predetermined cash flows. And both of these options basically removes the contingent fee associated with the TRA cash flows and therefore we are required to book an upfront asset for the present value of these assets which will basically result in $163 million pre-tax gain in Q3. So we will book an asset of $163 million on the pre-tax basis. And then we have basically the cash payment of $116 million that we will be receiving for the $331 million in gross cash flows, so that's the combination of the two.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, good question, one item related to the end of period balance sheet versus the average is that the end of period includes the unrealized gains and the average balances do not. So good news is we had a $1.335 billion unrealized gain in the portfolio that makes it looks like on an end of point basis we had added some leverage. But to your question in terms of the outlook on the portfolio, the one assumption in our NII outlook is that given the low rate environment, the flatter curve, and the tight spreads, we don't expect to reinvest portfolio cash flows in the third quarter of roughly a $1 billion or so during the quarter so that you should expect on the securities portfolio that average balances would be stable to down slightly from second quarter to third quarter.
Tayfun Tuzun: David, I think the NIM contraction looking forward, we gave you some guidance for Q3 and there may be a little bit more left in contraction if rates do not go up and obviously these comments depend on the shape of the yield curve. But over the long-term if we all see an environment like todays in the next year or two, our expectation is that our NIM will be fairly stable. I mean there may be some contraction from here but it's not going to be a continuous bleed out of the NIM. We expect that given our risk exposures and interest rate risk management approach we will be able to stabilizing them.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes so let me make a couple of comments on fee seasonality. Obviously given the rate movements, we do expect a good quarter in mortgage. I think our pipeline look strong at the end of the second quarter which should play well for the third quarter and also we had a very strong corporate fee performance in Q2. Typically we would see some weakness just general seasonal weakness in the summer, in corporate fees but we expect a healthy environment in Q4 and so good corporate growth in Q4 and we would expect the other fee lines in general to be stable. So our expectation of a second half sort of strength in fee income relates to continued strength in mortgage here in the near-term and then good corporate strength as we approach the end of the year.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes but on an after-tax basis. So the TRA payments from Vantiv to Fifth Third will need to be tax affected for capital deployment.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, Jamie just may be tag on to that we are being very deliberate in terms of our disciplined credit pricing, and as Greg had mentioned our client selection. We are very focused on businesses in markets in which we believe that we can outperform and frankly that has really helped us to stabilize those loans spreads. In a couple of areas we've seen some slight improvement. We're going to continue that that strategy. I would tell you that post-Brexit, we have seen a little bit more competitive environment but we're going to continued to stay focused on this strategy it's producing the right kinds of outcomes specifically consistent with what Greg has shared previously.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, so first of all the base compares in 2015 is about a $2.3 billion number. So our report number was I think $2.4 billion.
Tayfun Tuzun: So you just exclude -- I'm sorry $3 billion so you exclude all the Vantiv related gains in 2015 you get to a point $2.3 billion. The 5% is relative to that number excludes any Vantiv gains. The only gain really that -- it also excludes obviously the branch gains as well. So it would be from our perspective a core performance this year.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think our numbers may not necessarily compare, well I wouldn't get to a 9% type number. I think you already know our first quarter and second quarter numbers if you exclude the gains that were booked against the branch sales. So I would basically advise you to follow that 5% growth off of $2.3 billion take out the first half and then look at the remaining two quarters. Again with some weakness incorporated in the summer, but they pick up in the fourth quarter and strengthen mortgage in the third quarter. So those are how we are getting to our 5% number.
Tayfun Tuzun: It's going to be a function of earning asset growth. Again depending upon obviously rates moves but assuming that there are no more rate moves over the next 18 months then NII growth will be a function of earning asset growth. I mean beyond that I think it's tough to necessarily predict what happens to credit spreads et cetera. But assuming some stability reflective of the current market conditions it will depend upon our ability to go earning assets.
Tayfun Tuzun: Mike we are not giving 2017 guidance but clearly going into the planning period that's our target for all of our businesses and staff functions.
Tayfun Tuzun: So clearly the goal of the CRE transactions both from last year as well as this year was to ensure that from a risk management perspective and this is risk related to corporate tax rates that taxable income et cetera, to make sure that we have visibility to the value of those cash flows. And clearly this is an agreement between us and Vantiv; it's a function of their ability to engage in cash transactions upfront versus using cash availability in future periods.
Tayfun Tuzun: No, there isn't. I think the gain on sale margins are a function of channel production also the realization of the revenues during the quarter into the quarter. So it's not necessarily reflective of anything specific going into the third quarter we would expect more of a stability if margins are looking good for them.
Jamie Leonard: And Ken, this is Jamie. One nuance to the CCAR approval and Tayfun's reference to realized after-tax gains, when it comes to capital deployment of these gains the $116 million because it is recognizing and realized would result in our ability to deploy that capital on an after-tax basis in the $76 million or so range this quarter. And the reason we broke out Slide 12 the way we did was to show you that the capital deployment related to the recognition of the asset for the receivable, the $163 million would be deployable as those puts and calls are exercised and cash is exchanged in the quarterly installments you see in 2017 and 2018.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, Matt, I think on NIM and what you've seen from us the past couple of quarters is that most if not all of our contraction are from things we've intentionally done whether that's debt issuance or the sale of some of the non-strategic assets that we've completed. And going forward the NIM compression whether it's the third quarter or perhaps even after the third quarter again would if we were to have compression, it would be based on things we're intentionally doing if we were to have more debt issuances that could be factor to drive a little bit more compression but overall we're pleased with how we position the securities portfolio, as Tayfun mentioned the bullet and locked out cash flows and we're not susceptible to this low rate environment over the next few quarters. But if this environment were to continued for an extended period of time then it would be more challenging to have stable NIM, but at least over the foreseeable future, we feel like we positioned the book as well as if we could for this lower from longer environment, we've talked you guys about that over the past two years as we built the securities portfolio. And then but one factor you haven't heard from us over the past four quarters is the fact that loan yield compression just really hasn't been a factor in our NIM and given the pricing strategies and success that we've had executing on the loan side, we think we can continue to deliver stable NIM as the loans come on the sheet as yields were comfortable.
Jamie Leonard: Yes so, I mean we do see variation geographically from quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year and clearly we have some markets that are more competitive than others. But I'll tell you our value proposition what we're delivering is being very well received. I'll give you an example, Chicago. This is a very competitive marketplace. We've seen and in fact that's been our fastest growing regional market that we have in our footprint, every day we are having to earn it client by client, but also I would tell you across the industry verticals, we continue to focus on put stacking our resources against those opportunities where we can get the best returns. But it's not just about the balance sheet; I'll remind you it's about the total client relationship. And it's one of the reasons that as Greg shared, earlier we continue to invest another fee sources and solutions to build out an advisory based relationship with our clients and frankly that's helping to drive the P&L also for us. So I think that this is all coming together nicely for us.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, so I think as we've underscored previously and is in the earnings that that we have relatively light exposure in Europe. Let me just reinforce what our strategy is. Our focus is on developing relationships with European and in some cases Asian based very typically large strong corporate parents that are focused on expanding into the U.S. where we can deliver domestic services to them that that's our key strategy. So are -- do we plan to grow that in the future, I would say yes. However consistent with our Brexit and EU plans and processes and market risk review, we're going to continue to be very cautious about that. But I would see this as an opportunity for us to continue to grow our domestic franchise and build some attractive relationships while we do see some disruption in the marketplace.
Greg Carmichael: Ken, this is Greg. This discussion comes up quite a bit. We've been very, very disciplined on how we monetize our equity position at Vantiv. I would say we continue to look at what's the right thing for our shareholders. I want to continue to do that as we move forward in the remaining of this year. But we have been disciplined as rewarded our shareholders very well, it's something we always consider and we will continue to consider and evaluate as we move forward.
Greg Carmichael: Yes so what I think, what we shared in the past is that we would expect to outpace GDP and that's exactly what we delivered. For this quarter particularly in commercial loans, you saw good growth, very diversified across our markets, across a number of businesses that we continue to emphasize, invest in, and we would expect that we would have that same type of performance throughout the balance of the year as Tayfun has previously guided.
Greg Carmichael: Yes first of all we -- I just want to make sure that everybody understands our coverage ratio remained at 1.38%. So we did not drop the coverage ratio, it's just reflective of the loan growth and it's a quarterly analysis and you went through our analysis that credit trends look good and we just provided $4 million. Going forward, as I commented, I think provision will reflect loan growth.
Greg Carmichael: And this is Greg, the only thing I would add to Lars comment, this is one of our core strategies, building our balance sheet could be good for the cycle but we've been very selective on the relationships, the geography, asset diversification extremely important. We're very pleased with the commercial loan growth that we saw in this quarter, it's consistent with our strategies as we move forward.
Greg Carmichael: Yes and I also want to clarify that I did say that, we may see just a few more basis points in Q4 based upon what Jamie just mentioned about some capital market activities but beyond that I think for looking out another two, three quarters I think we expect stability.
Greg Carmichael: Steve this is Greg. And it's important once again that we stick to the strategy that we put forth in support of our international relationships. You've watched us also over the last couple quarters simply reduce our exposure same relationship it doesn't meet our strategic objective.
Greg Carmichael: This is Greg. First off we're very disappointed in that downgrade. Let me remind everybody that was poor period of 2011 to 2013. It was not reflective of CRE activity with respect to lending investing in our service commitments. Actually we scored satisfactory outstanding in all those areas. It really is reflective in other agencies issues with respect to some lending activities that were all closed out recently. So that was disappointing. Also look that the Group know that the Fed will be in later this year to perform the next exam that will go up through mid-2016 and we're very confident that rating will be changed very shortly so that's kind of state of the environment. With respect M&A and there is still opportunities, if you go in to bank M&A it's been very, very low on our priority, bank M&A I mean it's at the lowest level of our priorities for how we deploy our capital. We still think in this environment that we trade today the buying back our equity is the best use of deploying our capital. So we don't see this impeding our ability to deliver on our strategies and once again will be back in later this year, perform the next exam.
Greg Carmichael: First that's always a difficult situation. So comment I've ever made and we've made as a bank is there was a personal matter that's been brought to our attention if their belief represents a conflict of interest. So to resolve those we've determined the best course of action was a separation. And it was a very qualified lawyer in this manner has nothing to do with any of the legal work done by Heather doing the tenure in her time to fit their naturally all I can say.
Greg Carmichael: No, I mean on the MSR side our valuation, net valuation last quarter was $11 million and $6 million this quarter. And it really ultimately and it would have been fairly tight in terms of our hedge coverage. So it really comes down to the last day of every quarter where we stand in the valuation of those.
GregCarmichael: Right, those first up where are we as I mentioned before Mike we're at this will be the high watermark we believe for investments and technology and from a regulatory perspective investments we have to make. We've been focused on, very focused on as how to implement those opportunities of strategic investments in a most provable way and you've seen us accomplished that's why we brought our guidance down expenses for the remainder of this year and total for the year. So we feel pretty good about what we are at on from an expense position on our investment. This will be the high watermark so we're in the later endings of that. We're also starting to realize some of the value created by the focus we put on reducing our infrastructure, also the branch reengineering, personnel reengineering, investments we made to renegotiate our contracts such as Vantiv, MasterCard, and I go down the list. We're starting to see those benefits hit us actually in the second half of this year you'll see more that as move into 2017. So once again I know as you are we are we're very focused on positive operating leverage and we fully expect, there are plans and our actions will get us there in 2017.
GregCarmichael: Yes we've completed the closing of 100 branches with the sale of Pennsylvania for a $11 million gain last quarter. So, we'll had a full year, full year run rate established by the end of this year that $60 million will be full run rate going into 2017. Once again we will remind you Mike that's an annual exercise as our consumer preferences evolved we will continue to assess our opportunities and then may be more opportunities as we think about 2017.
GregCarmichael: And Mike everything we do we put to the lens doesn't meet those objectives that I step forward with ROTCE and ROA and our ability to execute. But thank you for the question.
