Greg Carmichael: Ken this is Greg. First off we provide 2021 guidance after our fourth quarter, earnings net call. We'll talk more about that. As we talk about our expense optimization plans, 200 million that we expect to be out by the end of first quarter, 75% of the actions necessary to accomplish that objective have already been completed. So we're highly confident in our ability to take out that $200 million, by the end of the first quarter. And then we mentioned another 100 million to 150 million that will show up in 2022. Once again we focused mainly on automation, investing in our technology platforms. So we're very confidence. But we'll provide guidance as far as our expense numbers as we get through the fourth quarter.
Greg Carmichael: This is Greg. First off, on the loan side on commercial, look at our pipelines, we're seeing some growth in positive forward progress in the area of healthcare, telecom and technology would be two other areas that we're seeing some good growth. And also, the industrials would be the areas that we're most encouraged by as we look ahead here. So we feel pretty good. As we mentioned on the consumer side, we expect the growth 1% to 2% the next quarter and that business continues to perform well. So that's where I think we have the biggest opportunities.
Greg Carmichael: We don't really have a lot of long-term debt opportunities other than just running the maturity schedules at this point. So, you know, we've pretty much executed what was available to us. We're looking at some small items maybe bad debt we securitized in the past. But those are small opportunities, so there's not a whole lot remaining there.
Greg Carmichael: We don't, I think we've – the commercial real estate the non-agent commercial – I'm sorry, non-agency commercial real estate book that we have is smaller portion. It's about $3 billion or so in the portfolio. And it's all superseding. So the built in credit content of that portfolio does not give us any concern.
Greg Carmichael: Yeah. This is Greg. First off, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’ve invested heavily in our fee businesses and registration of our fee businesses and diversification of our fee businesses. That's going to shoot well, wealth and asset management is one of the areas that we're very focused on with respect to additional opportunities both from the acquisition of an entity of nature speaking up or account NIM in that business, and as you've seen, that business has grown really well for us over the years, up 10% sequentially. So we'll continue to look for those opportunities. And, yes, that will be included in that potential opportunity.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. I think Ken and the other point that I want to make about the program is, we stated that the composition is 80% to 20% between currently in savings and environment-related savings of 20%. But that environment-related savings number is really, how we see 2021. So the other lever that we have here is if things actually look worse or will be worse next year compared to our assumptions, we still will continue to adjust those numbers. So we say that part of it is going to be variable. And it does have more potential, depending upon the economic environment. Obviously, our preference would be that the, be stronger. And we don't have to necessarily go back to that world. But we do have the availability.
Tayfun Tuzun: Ken, we don't believe that the tradeoff between the small NII incrementality versus the market exposure is worth taking at this point. It really does not -- from your perspective, our ability to invest the money in the short-term, doesn't really add much to the long-term performance to the company. So, because we believe that, that cash is going to ultimately leave the company over time. So therefore we are more interested in shielding ourselves from a market-to-market exposure because the market volatility continues to be a concern for us related to all investments.
Tayfun Tuzun: Again, as I mentioned, when can ask the question. At this point, we don't believe that the trade-off between incremental NII associated with margin investments and continuing to expose ourselves to an unattractive mark-to-market environment related to those investments is as attractive. So, at this point, we will continue to watch. Now, those decisions are made on a week-to-week, month-to-mouth basis. If you find opportunities, we will be in the market. But at this point, given what we know today, we are currently choosing to be on the sidelines.
Tayfun Tuzun: There's nothing in the third quarter and large majority of the savings will come in the first quarter of 2021.
Tayfun Tuzun: The opportunity is great, really focuses on our investments in technology, artificial intelligence. You look at our operations, we've done a really good job of being very efficient, but we still have more opportunities over there to reduce our people-related costs and really automate a lot of functions and processes and create more resiliencey and high quality outcomes. So we are very focused on process reengineering, automation. We've identified those process opportunities. We've got teams working aggressively on them. And we fully expect to achieve those objectives going forward. That will show up more in 2022 than it will in 2021 and give the time it takes to put some of these process, these re-engineering exercises in place.
Tayfun Tuzun: There's a lot of moving pieces, Scott, as you think about what's occurring right now with the amount of stimulus that was thrown at on the pandemic, whether we get the CARES Act next iteration of that, how's that going to be distributed with respect to PPP potential, consumer stimulus opportunities. So, there's a lot of variables involved here. But what we have visibility of right now as you think about the consumer side. We can see forward looking our roll rates, and we think we're in pretty good shape. The consumers are in a pretty good shape as we get into the – until we get into the second half of next year and it’s going to depend on the variables I mentioned and some of the actions that are being taken. So more to come there, that's probably more of the second half of 2021, and we start to see those losses creep up if we don't get next iteration in the CARES Act. On the commercial side once again, a lot of challenges with respect to how we think about the sector because it really gets back to when do we see a vaccine out there? How effective is it? How is it being distributed certain parts of the economy are opening reopening quicker than the other parts of the economy? Southeast is reopened quicker right now. We’re seeing positive outcomes there from a production standpoint. So this is a lot going on right now, which you can show yourself, because that's going to be very cautious. We came out with aggressive reserve levels. We're going to be very thoughtful and mindful about how we map our environment looks going forward and expectations are. And what's happening with some of the [indiscernible]. Jamie if you want to give more color on it.
Tayfun Tuzun: Gerard, we are at the 10.1% to 4% of CET1 today. I suspect as we look ahead by the end of the year, we will be approaching 10.5% likely and we entered this year coming out of 2019 with a capital ratio target of 9.5%. And that was actually elevated relative to our 9% target just about a year ago before that and we think that even then, back in 2017 and '18, we were making comments that we can run this company with an eight handle capital ratio, but we are very cognizant of where the peers are and the regulators are? So we said okay, 9% probably.  And then as we saw the probability of a recession going up, we lifted back to 9.5%. So from 10.5% to 9.5% assuming that we look ahead to a normalized economy, that's 1% of capital that we either consume by growing loans or we return to shareholders. Tough to predict the timing of the regulatory change in their current position, but I suspect that when we see the results of this CCAR run and when we find out what the regulators are going to do. If the gate opens, I don’t why it would take us a long time to go back to a buyback scenario environment.
Tayfun Tuzun: So our perspective on the interest rate outlook is that we will be in this environment for two, three years. I think it's hard to disagree where the market is pricing the next rate moves. Our concern about -- I mentioned, our concern around not exposing ourselves to a market-to-market. We're also very concerned that in the current environment, the spreads do not reflect the actual risk-return profiles, but they are very skewed by the Fed's aggressive actions. And they turn the credit spreads upside down. And in this environment with that kind of uncertainty, despite the fact that we are expecting this low rate environment to continue for a while, we're choosing to be on the sidelines.  We also expect that down the road here, whether it's going to happen in 2021 or 2022, once the sort of Fed starts either stepping back a little bit, slowing down their aggressiveness and once the market builds a certain level of expectation, whether it's about inflation or about the other end of this rate cycle. The yield curve will start to steepen. We are not necessarily expecting that to happen in the near-term. So a combination of the fact that portion of this cash flow -- cash will leave the bank and also we believe that weighting out until a better investment environment is the better alternative for us. That's why we're sitting out.
Tayfun Tuzun: I don't necessarily have a number ready, sort of, to give you right now. But I suspect that number is between three and five years.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think, so I think directionally your comment is logical. If you look at page 13. And look at the difference -- that portfolio is within the commercial book. You see that, you know, the commercial mortgage loans, there's a coverage ratio for that one to 3.4%, whereas the -- for the C&I book, it's 2%. It appears, again, your question, and the logic that you're using is reasonable, it gets a little bit skewed in this environment because you know, the we are within -- for the commercial book the bigger impact comes from the reasonable supportable period, which is driven solely by the economic outlook. So the reason why I'm hesitating to say you are correct, is because that relationship does not necessarily readily fail translate to a reasonable annual loss content. So I just want to make that comment on that.
Tayfun Tuzun: We can actually -- important, we can provide you that information. And we can do that -- in a couple [ph] for your basis, which will give you a little bit flow of content.
Tayfun Tuzun: But what goes against that $200 million expense save is going to be some natural built-in inflation, whether it's related to merit increases or other compensation-related inflation. And, two, is going to be investments in our company. We will continue to make investments in our company. And the technology line item for all the right reasons is going up. What we feel good about it, though, is that we have now established a discipline the company, so look at those investments that are technology-related with a very disciplined return requirement. So, whatever the built-in expense growth is, is not going to be driven by head count increases.
Tayfun Tuzun: It's going to be driven by very reasonable investments in our business that have a return profile that we all feel comfortable with and that we believe is prioritized based on our corporate objectives.
Tayfun Tuzun: I believe we are close, Erika. As we look ahead, we believe that we have now a level of stability that we're comfortable with. Could it be within 2, 3, 4 basis points? Yes, it could be. And obviously the margin itself today is probably less meaningful of the metric than it has ever been because it's the influence of the cash balances that we're sitting on. But I do believe that with an assumption that we will live in this highly liquid environment for a while, we are now pretty close to achieving stability here even if we sort of maintain the level of cash. And the faster we get out of the cash position, the faster we're going to start moving towards that 3% number that we believe are natural NIM stands out. But what gives us confidence there, when you think about it, we have $35 billion in the investment portfolio. Our sort of normal level of earning assets is about $150 billion. So, and we have -- I believe it's going to take us, two, three years to get down to where our peers are in their investment portfolio in this low rate environment. We have a huge advantage there. And then we have a significantly longer derivative portfolio compared to most of our peers. Those two give us a pretty reasonable confidence that once we get out of this liquidity environment, we will actually show you a pretty decent margin performance.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. So, on the investment portfolio, you have seen our yields went down by 7 basis points and we're not investing anything. And the cash flows are reasonably small, so that's the step down in portfolio yields could be relatively small compared to that's what I will say about that. In terms of the other fixed portfolios, in the auto portfolio, which is really the portfolio that is growing right now, we are probably the current coupons are probably about 20 basis points or so below the portfolio yield. So when you think about that, that really is the portfolio, loan portfolio, that's the only one that's exposed to a fixed rate repricing.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah, I was referring to the consumer portfolio, where we have, so much me of information. And then we are just trying to make it as simple as possible. No matter how you slice and dice the data. The bottom line is and there was such a big focus on hardship related and hardship programs and deferral ways all of those things. And no matter how you slice and dice the data. The bottom line is, you know, and there was such a big focus on hardship, relief and hardship programs, and re-default rates, referral rate, all of those things. But no matter how you slice it, it really just comes down to something as simple as you're coming in, you're going to be helping coming out, from a consumer perspective. And that's why that consumer performance really does reflect, frankly, credit losses and credit projections, as if unemployment weren't 3%. So we feel very, very good about that. I think, to your point about, how this ultimately plays out in the economy, it really is the competing forces of the path of the virus versus the path of further stimulus. So if we get an additional round of stimulus, we think the loss curves continue to flatten, perhaps elongate. But again, the peak charge-offs, aren't going to be all that high, relative to the great financial crisis, especially for a bank like the third. Where we've put a lot of thought and effort over the last five years to position the company, as well as we have so that we think our loss rates are a fourth of what they were in the great financial crisis. So we feel good about that.
Tayfun Tuzun: We do, but again the stimulus and what that looks like will certainly be a big swing factor in those loss projections. So, for example, on the consumer side, we also are in different model efforts where we took out stimulus altogether, and so, we modeled that as a 20 basis point change in our outcomes if they are going to be no stimulus, so just to put guardrails on what these outcomes might look like.
Tayfun Tuzun: Vivek, we are seeing stable consumer deposits. They're not going down, but we're not seeing any noticeable increases in consumer deposits at very healthy levels there. But we are not seeing further increases. The commercial balance has continued to pick up and I suspect that will in the fourth quarter. It's an election quarter. And there's a lot of hesitancy on the corporate side to do anything different at this point. I do believe that come early 2021, hopefully we will see some more emerging signs. It’s hard to predict yet which side it will go. But that will be dependent on the economy. So for the foreseeable future, we see maybe small upticks in corporate balances and stable consumer balance.
Jamie Leonard: Yeah, and Mike, thanks for the question. When we looked at the net provision, it really is an output. And when we break it down into the two inputs, the CECL reserve, the release was 116 million in the quarter. And as we said, it's driven primarily by the payoffs and paydowns in the commercial loan book. And as Tayfun mentioned, the economic outlook did improve during the quarter, both from unemployment and GDP perspective, which does lower our loss expectations in the portfolio. But given the uncertainty in the environment of especially related to additional government support, we increased the weightings on the upside and downside in the scenarios from 10% last quarter to 20% this quarter. And those scenarios really have an asymmetrical profile, so it ultimately increases the required CECL reserve and essentially offsets the benefit from the improvement in the economic outlook. And to your other question then, if we were to run a scenario where it's -- there are no upside or downside scenario and we just said 100% is base, then the reserve requirement would be 250 million less than what it is today. So to your point, the downside scenario does result in a higher CECL reserve than roughly 250 million or so range.
Jamie Leonard: Thanks for the question. As we look out at 2021 and we say well below 1%, that for us our models would indicate loss rate in the 70 basis points to 80 basis points range and that's as we sit here today with obviously a lot of uncertainty between the path of the virus and the path of stimulus. And when we look at and analyze a lot of data, especially consumer portfolios as Greg said a little bit easier to predicted model, but we get through all the data, really the simple answer when you pulling it out down as that if you were delinquent going into the pandemic you're going to be delinquent coming out. And if you're healthy going in, you're going healthy coming out. And that's what we're seeing and internally we call it the wind-chill effect. So if it's 50 degrees outside and it could be you get a pretty big tailwind and it feels like it's 30 degrees outside really from an un unemployment perspective, the wind-chill was reported numbers of 13% and now we're sitting around 8%. But the wind-chill, because of all of the stimulus programs and hardship relief, it's actually behaving at a 3% level. And that's why you see such good loss rates from us and our forecast assumption for next year has some stimulus round two backed into it. But if we get more than what we've assumed then those numbers could continue to improve from there.
Jamie Leonard: And John, it's Jamie, I guess since I bought a lot of those bonds, I can tell you that I keep an eye on them in the delinquency rates, like high single digits in the book. And the credit enhancement is approaching 40%. So we are a long way away from having any credit issues in that portfolio it.
Richard Stein: Hey, Mike, it's Richard, I'll take that one. It really is, as you described, working with the borrowers, trying to understand their cash flow needs, their cash flow availability, the collateral that's available that maybe we don't have as part of a security package. So it's really just reworking the transactions, making sure that we're being thoughtful about things like maturity dates and extending maturity dates so that or reamortizing transactions with the cash flow. So it's really part of the workout process to make sure that we can be as accommodative as we can within the risk appetite support our customers and minimize losses over the long-term.
Richard Stein: Yeah. Hey – it's Richard. We had a slight uptick in the third quarter we'll give you the details in the Q. It was – it was really around the things that you would imagine across leisure as the cycle continues to extend.
Richard Stein: It's Richard again. If the two words are separate, we think about, when we think about workouts. The rating is the rating and then the workout strategies to workout strategy. Now, I think when we think about things that impact or reduce charge offs, clearly that's going to be in the criticize category, whether it's special mention or substandard. But we don't have the details about around the breakup, between those two. Remember, if you think about as Tayfun mention that is a potential weakness. And there's a ton of judgment of what a potential weakness looks like. It just effectively means higher probability of default, substandard, again another step down in terms of the fault probability. But again, that's a place where we're mitigates like collateral starts to come into play.
Richard Stein: Absolutely. And as I said, before, we start thinking about extensions. We're also looking at structural and other mitigates like structural enhancements, guaranteed, collateral. There's other ways we can work with a borrower to help them and protect the day.
