Chris Doll: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Fifth Third second quarter 2022 earnings call.  This morning, our President and CEO, Tim Spence; and CFO, Jamie Leonard will provide an overview of our second quarter results and outlook. Our Chief Credit Officer, Richard Stein; and Treasurer, Bryan Preston have also joined for the Q&A portion of the call. Please review the cautionary statements on our materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain information regarding to the use of non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the GAAP results, as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. These statements speak only as of July 21, 2022 and Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to update them. Following prepared remarks by Tim and Jamie we will open the call up for questions. With that let me turn it over to Tim.
Chris Doll: Thanks Jamie. Before we start Q&A, given the time we have this morning, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow up and then return to the queue, if you have additional questions. Operator, please open the call up for Q&A.
Chris Doll: Thanks everyone. Please feel free to reach to the Investor Relations department. If you have any follow up questions and thank you for your interest in Fifth Third. Operator, you can now disconnect the call.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. Betsy its Jamie. Given the environment that we're operating in, we, as you can tell from our results are clearly positioning to be a little more cautious in this environment. So we think accreting capital for the remainder of the year would be appropriate. And then we will evaluate resuming the buybacks in the first quarter of 2023. And certainly that would be outlook dependent, but that's the current plan as we sit here today.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. Great question. And I'll start and turn over to Brian for some additional color. Actually I think it was at your conference in early June that we talked about our plans on managing the balance sheet from a deposit standpoint and frankly for the past year, year and a half, we said we'd like to see about $10 billion of the deposits run off. Fortunately, this quarter we were able to really manage the balance sheet almost exactly as we had intended again at your conference, I think, we said we'd done the quarter at a loan to deposit ratio of 74% and we finished at 74.7%. So I do feel good about how we position the balance sheet and our ability to right size it. And maybe with that I will turn it over to Bryan to give a little more color of what we've seen on the outflows.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. Talking on the consumer side first, obviously we have a great retail franchise with tremendous products with momentum and the de novo plan and the Southeast build out. So retail deposits, we would expect to continue to grow in the back half of the year. On the commercial side, as I said in my prepared remarks, we'll probably see a little bit more runoff, couple billion in the third quarter before we experience a return to growth in the fourth quarter. And again, that'll be driven by our Treasury Management business where, I think, we've presented different conferences talking about how our TM business is best-in-class in the regional bank space, in terms of TMPs as a percent of revenue or TMPs to loan commitments to help show that share of wallet. And I think Brian's comments are very important to realize that these weren't lost relationships. This was just excess money going to a better home and we expected it. And from here, it'll just be business as usual.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, I think in this environment, the accelerated rate hikes and magnitude of the rate hikes just continue to weigh on the rate dependent fee businesses. So the outlook for mortgage capital markets and TM earnings credits are the biggest drivers of the change in our fee outlook. As Tim mentioned in the prepared remarks, the fee equivalent growth has actually been very strong. It's just as we get that additional NII benefit from the rate hikes, we give a portion of it back and the rates paid on earnings credit. So, from here I would expect the strong consumer household growth to help carry the day on combination of card and deposit service charges. But as a reminder, we are implementing or did implement July 1, the elimination of the NSF fee. So that'll weigh a little bit on the back half of the year fee guide. And then on wealth and asset management fees we've done a great job of new customer acquisition, as well as our AUM net inflows, but obviously the market headwinds have an impact on the fee revenue there, so that again it’s in the updated guide. And then commercial banking is really a fascinating tale of two cities where our ability to help customers manage different exposures that they want to hedge, whether it's raise commodities or FX, along with our institutional brokerage business is just growing 30 plus percent. But the disruption in the capital markets having a big impact on the corporate bond fees and loan syndication fees and we don't really in our outlook expect significant improvement in the capital markets activity in the back half of the year. And I guess when you add up our fee outlook in total, we made about $1,000,000,004 in the first half of the year, we're saying we'll make, you know, $1,000,000,005 plus or minus a little bit in the back half of the year and the TRA of that a $100 million a growth TRA is half of it. So at least for now, that's how we see the back half of the year playing out.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, I’ll take the second part of the question first. When it comes to the line utilization, and I’m glad you asked the question. What we saw in the second quarter was that in total line utilization moved up a point, and we’re guiding for the rest of the year for that to actually be stable. So, we’ll see how things play out. And in the second quarter, the movement in the line utilization, the biggest group that moved was actually the middle market group was up several points and so that was nice to see. From a production standpoint, it was pretty widespread, and again a very strong quarter of middle market production. I think Tim mentioned, several geographies in his prepared remarks, but, Cincinnati, Carolinas, Florida, it’s a consistent story for us where, a little bit of softness in East Michigan, Northern Ohio is more than offset by strong performance in the rest of the Midwest in the Southeast. And then from a vertical perspective, the renewables team continues and energy continues to go very robust as well as our TMT business. So, we feel good about frankly the ability to acquire new customers in this environment, the sales teams with the RM expansion play out west as well as in the Southeast has worked very well. We’re just mindful of what appears to us to be a slowing economy. And therefore, we’re trimming a little bit on the edges, but frankly, the core is performing very well and you see that in the results this quarter.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, sure John. Thanks for the question. In terms of auto, when we started the year forecast was about $11 billion in total production for a combination of auto plus the specialty business RV & Marine. We’re now expecting to do about $7 billion in total in that asset class. And so the $4 billion of reduction is solely driven by the returns dynamic in that sector where several large players have certainly, if it’s not irrational, it’s certainly very aggressive pricing. And therefore we don’t want to compete on an indirect asset class at such low spreads. So spreads a drop to levels that were reminiscent of when we did the pull back, five or six years ago. So the good news for us is, we keep the dealer relationships. We’re continuing to monitor performance. We have spreads back up towards our target level and feel good about the production from a credit quality perspective, as well as a spread. But it’s just not an asset class you want to grow, its single digit returns on capital. In terms of the credits, they were fairly stable in the quarter, not a lot to report there.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, I think from an end of period perspective, we’ve accomplished what we wanted to accomplish on the non-operational excess deposits. So again, there’ll be an average effect in the third quarter, but overall, we said, a year and a half ago, we’d like to get $10 billion of the excess out. I think we’ve done that. And frankly year-over-year deposits are flat. So it’s not shouldn’t be a big surprise to people that we were able to right size it. And again, the loan, the deposit ratio at 74.7 would love to get it into the mid-80s over a period of several years but that would certainly be driven more by continued loan growth as opposed to any more deposit runoff. In terms of the betas, it is difficult I think to track betas by quarter when the fed is moving in such big chunks, but how we see it playing out is that we'd have a fourth quarter beta of 23% the month of December be 28% and then by the time we get to midyear next year that the trail effect because in our forecast we have the fed going to three in a quarter and then stopping for a little bit longer than normal period of time. And therefore there'll be a little bit of that drift effect as the lag catches up so that the ultimate beta ends up being 30% on those 300 basis points of rate hike. So from a rates paid perspective, it looks something in the area of the 9 basis points this quarter goes to mid-40s in the third, mid-70s in the fourth and then drifts to the mid-90s by the second quarter of 2023. That's how we think this'll play out and then continue to see deposit growth beginning in the fourth quarter and thereafter.
Jamie Leonard: No, I wouldn't say we're originating loan – yielding loans. The mix of a lot of our loan growth and our C&I book just given the floating rate nature of that portfolio and where it's been pricing in has been relatively neutral in terms of a NIM impact. But it does drive a decent amount of NII. Some of the consumer assets that we've been talking about especially the dividend assets in particular; it's just a late quarter impact. So you'll start to see some pickup from those in the future as those balances have a bigger average balance impact. But overall we do expect to see some pickup. The – we will continue to see C&I benefits just because of the asset sensitivity of our commercial floating rate portfolio. And we'll see some nice kind of drive from here and our NIM will continue to increase throughout the year. We would expect to end the year in a kind of a 3.30 to 3.35-ish range from a NIM perspective in the fourth quarter. So a lot of earnings powers still to come.
Jamie Leonard: And Mike, I would say, yes. Your math on the NII is very good and we are highly confident in that. I would say if there are two things, the third is extremely good at, one is balance sheet management and you see that in the NIM expansion, and as Bryan mentioned the continued expansion over the course of the year. And then we're also very efficient from an expense standpoint and what you have happening is that as there is fee weakness back to your profit margin question, as there is fee weakness, fees have a higher cost of delivery than obviously NII. NII for the most part's dropping straight to the bottom line. And so that's certainly an element of helping the efficiency ratio, but in addition to that all of the expense savings initiatives we have going on in the company, as Tim mentioned, year-over-year were down 600 people. If you exclude the acquisitions and dispositions and just sequentially we're down 260 people exclusive of the acquisitions and the dispositions, and that's rightsizing our mortgage business closing one of our fulfillment sites, right sizing the interact auto and specialty business, given the slow down and volumes and then all of the LPA enhancements with reducing IT and ops and the branch closure benefits from the first quarter. So we have a lot going on underneath to help provide those tailwinds on expenses, but then we're very mindful of continuing to invest. And so in the third quarter, in the guide you have an increase in technology and marketing and then a little bit of noise from the NQDC assuming it comes out at zero in the third quarter, which is the driver Y expenses, will be up 4% to 5% sequentially. But overall feel very good about our ability to deliver an efficient balance sheet and an efficient income statement.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. I would expect the investment portfolio to be stable from here. I would not expect to be selling down the portfolio to fund loan growth. It obviously in a crisis could be a great source of liquidity but that would probably be through more collateral usage at FHLB or backing – backstopping public funds deposits. But overall I'd expect it to be stable in the yield, our guide for the back half of the year on yield is in the 280 both for the third quarter as well as on a full year basis. So that yield guide is up a bit as Mike pointed out with some fortuitous timing on the, the additional leverage we’ve added.
Jamie Leonard: Hey, Erika, it’s Jamie. I’ll take that one. And I’ll answer your question a little bit differently than how you asked it, because the only piece of data I have on the history is the unemployment level versus day one. So our current scenario for the baseline has unemployment, at 3:4, 3:5, 3:7 versus the day one reserve in years, one, two and three were 3:6, 4:3, and 4:4. So versus day one unemployment is a little better, but the big driver of our variance to day one reserves is that, the GDP outlook and collateral values, both for housing and auto are worse. And then obviously the rate environment is significantly worse, which in the modeling puts pressure on corporate profits. So, we’re sitting a little bit elevated over the day one levels, but to your point, we think that is a prudent place to be. And frankly, versus last quarter, the scenarios are certainly worse. And so, GDP erosion, housing pricing is worse, interest rates higher. So from our standpoint, when you have a period of strong loan growth, like we did in the second quarter you have eroding economic forecasts, you should have a CECL build. And then on top of that, we have the dividend acquisition effect, which that $50 million or so of the ACL build on related to the dividend finance production is something that will continue as we commented on strong production expectations for dividend until that portfolio reaches a state of maturity. And so, those ACL builds ultimately we’ll see, what the loss content is to your question on, should there be a mild recession, the Moody’s baseline scenario that we utilize while worse is not, a broad based persistent decline in economic activity that would result in a recession. But again, it’s certainly worse than last quarter and certainly worse than the day one bill.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, that’s the story of my life right now, because in our outlook, we expect that the fed hikes to the 325 level. And then, I saw a research piece the other day that talked about, on average or the median of the fed cuts begin four months after the last hike. Now, we expect the fed to in order to tamp down in inflation, is really focused on slowing the economy. So, they probably hold for a longer period of time than that median and hold it that, whatever the peak level is. And so frankly, that could tip things over into a recession, maybe not, but at a minimum there will be rate cuts down the road and rate cuts are ultimately the most detrimental activity to a bank’s balance sheet if left unprotected, and therefore everything we’ve done over the past couple of years has been building for that time, that the fed does move and we have a rate decline. And so we’ve added duration to the portfolio. Again, this quarter, it’s up to 5:7 [ph]. We increase the bullet, locked-out, cash flows to 67%. We grew the portfolio to $55 billion. We added $10 billion in swaps. And then as Tim pointed out in his comments, we’ve added some fixed rate loan platforms to our business model, and that should also be helpful should rates decline. So yes, we spend a lot of time on that, and I think we have a very, very good team to be able to help manage through that environment. And certainly deposit generation activities are very helpful, especially from the retail footprint as those are the low cost stable funding that banks like to enjoy.
Tim Spence: I think if I can add one thing there that maybe has been less fully appreciated. I think that Jamie's point, we've talked a lot about Momentum Banking, we've talked about Treasury Management, but among our investor peers, we also have the highest percentage of our branch network that has been open less than five years. And the majority of that time has not been in an environment where we were focused on deposit gathering out of those locations so much as we were household growth and otherwise. And the byproduct of that is we think there is a lot of latent new deposit generation power that will come out of the call it 70 de novos that have been opened in the Southeast and the 20 in addition that are going to come between the second half of this year and the first quarter of next year that will provide an additional kick in terms of core deposit generation above and beyond what we're getting out of Momentum Banking and the Treasury Management business.
Tim Spence: Gerard, I apologize, you cut out right at the beginning there. Could you start the question over? Yes.
Tim Spence: Yes, no commonality by industry in those names. I think certainly the economic headwinds of inflation labor supply chain were elements to the – those were the common elements, but different industries, different segments, but they ultimately put pressure on cash flow. And that caused us to, as I said, take different action. Broadly in terms of pressure, I mean, it’s the same thing we’ve talked about. We’ve talked about office that continues to be challenged, senior living again, that’s another place where you see a disconnect between cost inflation and what they can get from a reimbursement rate perspective. And then what we’re watching are places where changes in consumer behavior are shifting whether it’s from durables and discretionary to consumables and non-discretionary, but it – no large segments. There’s a little bit of idiosyncratic movement across the portfolio, but nothing major that causes us any concern.
Tim Spence: Yes. Mike thanks for the question. I mean, to answer narrowly vary in terms of our level of confidence on our ability to manage expenses. I think the driver here when you think about our business, right, it’s a people costs are a huge share of our overall expense base. And we've been, I think very public about the efforts that we have made over the course of the past few years to drive not only a culture of continuous expense discipline, but also a real focus on leveraging the technology investments we have been making to drive automation and reduce the unit costs associated with core processing activities. So our FTE count on a – is down about 600 right now, which is a big driver of the savings in terms of expense management and that's helping us. So it's less a dynamic around the margin on the incremental business so much as it is us continuing to make progress on the fixed cost base and the variable costs associated with our existing business activity.
Tim Spence: Yes. I would say the investment portfolio is well positioned and at the level, that we would like to manage it long-term. Now with that said, if we see great opportunities, could we pull forward one quarter or two quarters of cash flow, which is currently running about a billion a quarter, I’m not going to tie my hands and say, I wouldn’t take advantage of great opportunities, but as I said here today and what rates have done, we feel really good about, just stability from here.
