Kevin T. Kabat: Ken, I'll give you a perspective. Bruce may chime in. But from our standpoint, the pipeline continues to be a good measure for us in looking at what future production anticipation is. These are deals, obviously, that we've got and understand explicitly where they are in development. And so while they can move a little bit, for the most part, we track them along from a progress standpoint. So production continues to be clear to us. The biggest -- I think the biggest challenge for us has been really kind of what happened with the capital markets and some of the paydowns, which is a little bit more difficult to forecast and to keep ahead of in terms of understanding impact from that standpoint. Obviously, we're in touch with our clients closely. But they're taking advantage of the marketplace, and quite frankly, in some cases, we're counseling them to. So that's really the challenge on a look-forward basis. That's, I think, will continue to be the challenge. I think we've been pretty transparent and open relative to what we see from a pipeline standpoint and production, and it's really then the challenge of the paydowns have continued to be kind of the variable. I don't know, Bruce, if you had...
Kevin T. Kabat: And the only other thing I would add, Ken, is compared to where we were relative to last quarter and guidance given and what we see today in the pipeline, that's why we've given the guidance that we've given in terms of the fourth quarter. We feel good about that.
Kevin T. Kabat: Yes. Todd, generally, what I would say -- a couple of things to your question. One is where we're seeing some of the activity is really fairly broad based, and we talked about, specifically in the manufacturing healthcare space, that's true, but it is fairly widespread and broad based. We are hearing, seeing that uncertainty does impact and has been impacting reflections on managements on what they do and where they are. So we hope that as we get more clarity and the election being significant in this time period, that brings more clarity and decisiveness in terms of the actions posed we're considering or being considered by our clients and by the marketplace in general. So that's kind of the impact we're seeing and hearing from this, from our standpoint. So and again, with regard to them taking advantage of the marketplace, again, some of it's through our counseling, some of it is their own desire to strengthen and manage their balance sheets, and we continue to work with them from that standpoint. I think as we get more clarity, there potentially is some pent-up demand. We're -- we see that continually. You've heard it in terms of the industry broadly relative to deposits bases and deposits on -- in banks, where they're not really looking to put that capital to work. And so we're hopeful that as we get more clarity and may not be simply a next item, but as we get into later next year, that clarity becomes a matter of confidence that they begin to move forward with. So that's all we're hearing. That's all we're seeing. We saw some of the -- some of that play through our production and through our paydowns, and I think that's going to continue to be a trend as we move through this time period, so.
Kevin T. Kabat: Yes. In the C&I space, it's clearly escalated in the third quarter. Again, as the capital markets open up and as interest rates -- as QE3 is talked more about, long-term interest rates, people are going to the bond market. We're suggesting they go there. It helps their capital stack, and it will reduce their costs long term and provide them with some fixed rate funding. So that's what we're seeing. We saw it escalate in the third quarter, and we think that we have a much better idea what it will be in the fourth quarter and it's been built into our guidance.
Kevin T. Kabat: Yes, it's very different. Some of that real estate, that's being -- that we're seeing the reduction here is there's some refinancing going on, but there's also some assets being sold by our borrowers. So we expect that paydown to be consistent in the fourth quarter with the third quarter.
Kevin T. Kabat: Tom, what I would tell you again, I don't -- as we look at kind of the geography, we feel good about the broad diversification that we have. Obviously, when we talk about manufacturing, Michigan falls into that category, as does a good portion of our upper Midwest profile. So we are seeing good activity. We are seeing kind of a good area of recovery from that standpoint. I don't know of -- I wouldn't say it's outsized relative to the rest of our footprint and the rest of what we're seeing as you overlay kind of the manufacturing profile across our geographies. So that would be kind of our commentary relative to Michigan and what we see from that standpoint.
Kevin T. Kabat: About 60% of our originations were retail this quarter, and that was a little higher than last quarter.
Kevin T. Kabat: Jon, yes, I mean, for the most part, our leadership team in Chicago's been fairly stable. I'm not sure if there's a specific individual or a specific person you're referencing, but we feel really good about that marketplace. We feel really good about what Bob Sullivan has been doing in that marketplace. I think we've really had great results and continued momentum in that marketplace, and Bob is doing a fantastic job for us up there. So no -- I guess that's what I'd say unless there's something specific you'd want.
Kevin T. Kabat: I mean, just as a -- the warrant is a warrant to purchase Vantiv stock. It is for 15 years. So the way we look at that warrant is as a 15-year instrument. The accounting for it is it changes in value every quarter, but it doesn't change in value every quarter from our perspective. But it is -- it can be volatile. And as Vantiv stock moves, you can see that clearly in the market because they're publicly traded. And that's going to have an impact positive or negative as their stock moves each quarter on our earnings, and we'll be clear about what the impact was. But you have the ability really to estimate that every quarter.
Tayfun Tuzun: The resi portfolio clearly continues to be impacted by faster prepayments speeds. But at the same time, we do have our own branch mortgage product originations and jumbo originations that are cushioning that impact. So I would expect our resi portfolio to continue to grow, not like heroically, but I think we should see stable growth rates in that portfolio.
Tayfun Tuzun: It is. I mean not to the extent that where we have decided to portfolio conforming mortgage loans. We've done that in the past, a couple of years ago, and we continue to evaluate that on a quarterly basis to replace prepaying mortgage-backed security balances with mortgage loans. But at this point, given the valuation of conforming loans, we don't see that as an attractive risk return trade-off. And we are also trying to manage our durations within reasonable limits, and keeping 30-year mortgages today does not seem like a good strategy to us.
Tayfun Tuzun: Okay. I don't think that there is any sort of trends that we are seeing. It's sort of normal fluctuations. We're not necessarily strategically guiding them down or up. We obviously are very interested in deposit growth, continue to be interested in deposit growth, and the DDAs were up quite a bit this quarter. And obviously, our clients, both on the corporate side as well as the consumer side, continue to hold quite a bit of liquidity, and I think we're taking our market share. And we're also trying to be smart about those deposits that are interest bearing and make sure that we are managing interest costs efficiently. So I don't think that this -- the balances indicate any trends or strategic direction at this point.
Tayfun Tuzun: Rates have continued to inch down from second quarter to the third quarter. Clearly, the third quarter from just the base swap rate perspective has been very volatile. Typically, sort of a 5-year auto loan to the high FICO score, 760-plus type FICO score borrowers is probably around 3% today.
Tayfun Tuzun: There is competition. I mean, I think Fed's commitment to keep these low rates lower for longer period of time continues to fuel that competition. We are doing the business smartly, and we've been in that business for a long time. So we're managing the risk profiles within our normal traditional guidelines, and we have good established relationships with dealers, which is enabling us to keep rates stable at this point. But competition clearly is picking up.
Tayfun Tuzun: Ken, as you remembered, actually, I understand why these NIM and NII questions are a hot topic this time around. But we started talking about this early this year, and we said that NIM takes a second seat to NII growth. And I think all year, we focused on growing earning assets, and we're giving you guidance for Q4. I wouldn't read too much into that. We're not giving you guidance for 2013, but that's because our typical update happens this quarter and there are a couple of obviously unknowns with respect to the elections and the fiscal cliff. But we will be updating that. We're still confident that our earning asset growth will cushion NIM contraction. Although when you look at our numbers, our Q4 guidance is probably on the low side of what other banks are guiding their NIM. We've been able to manage both sides quite successfully this year. We're going to end up this year with most likely a higher NII than we did last year in a very difficult market environment. And we've focused on this all year, and I think we are pretty confident that going forward, that same focus will benefit our numbers.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes. Craig, this is Dan. Certainly, we continue to have discussions with both Fannie and Freddie and incorporate into our reserving methodology all the current information that we have based on those discussions. So I don't want to give the impression that we haven't had any discussions with Fannie Mae. We have those discussions all the time and attempt to get the best information we can with respect to what their intentions are and what we should expect going forward. I think the -- what occurred with Freddie Mac this quarter, which really, frankly, started last quarter. You'll recall, last quarter, we talked about the fact that Freddie Mac had been signaling that we should expect an increase in file requests on a going-forward basis. At that point in time, we didn't have the clarity that we do now with respect to when those requests would increase, how much they would increase and more importantly, what methodology or selection criteria they were using or they would -- they expected to be using to arrive at those higher levels of file requests. So we now understand better what criteria they're using, and we can use that criteria to -- as a component of our reserving methodology. So now we have reserves on the books, not only for file requests that we've received, but also file requests that we expect to receive based on those revised criteria. So that's the kind of clarity we got this quarter that allowed us to incorporate that information to -- into our reserving methodology with respect to Freddie Mac. We continue to have discussions with Fannie Mae. And like Freddie Mac, our reserves for put-back from Fannie Mae reflect all of the information that we've received up to this point from Fannie Mae. We just thought it was important to emphasize that with respect to the incremental reserves that we recorded this quarter and the change in methodology, that was something that was applicable to Freddie Mac but not Fannie Mae. Yes, the future -- the second part of that question was what should we expect in the future. I think our methodology is based upon those loans that we expect to get a file request for based on the criteria that Freddie has laid out for us. That criteria will continue to apply into the future. And to the extent that more loans in the future meet that criteria, we would expect to receive incremental file requests over and above those that are reserved for today. So we haven't -- we don't believe that we've booked reserves for everything that will happen in the future. But clearly, to the extent that there are a population of loans out there that already meet this criteria and that there's somewhat of a backlog that Freddie will be working through over the next 3 to 6 months, we have accounted for those loans at this point in time. So I think we've reserved for a chunk of our remaining exposure, but I don't think it's something that we believe we've reserved for all losses for the life of the portfolio and don't think that that's the appropriate accounting policy.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes. I think, clearly, with rates where they are, there's probably less room on deposit pricing than there has been in the past. But that being said, I think we continue to see some room there as we monitor those rates, monitor what competitors are doing. So that's something that we look at all the time, and we will continue to look at. I think with respect to any large amounts of repricing, we've talked in the past about CD repricing, primarily CDs that were put on the books in '08, at the end of '08, during the liquidity crisis that had some higher rates. Most of that is behind us. However, there were -- or there was a slug of those put on at the end of '08 that have 5-year maturities. And therefore, toward the latter half, third, fourth quarter of 2013, we'll see a little bit of activity in terms of some high-rate CDs that mature in that timeframe. But that's a few quarters off yet.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes, Vivek, this is Dan. You did hear that right. We believe that there's about $150 million of loans that we will need to analyze. This is recently issued guidance. And as I think you probably know, the guidance is that there should be charge-downs of those loans to the appraised values. We don't have current appraised values on our entire portfolio. So as we analyze what the potential impact of this item is, one of the things that we need to do is to go get current appraisal information for those loans. So that's the reason that we're unable to estimate that at this time. It's just simply the fact that it's very recent guidance and we haven't received that information yet. Our understanding is that our regulators, the Fed and the FDIC, are considering that guidance, and we will have a clearer view as to what the expectations of us are as we go into the fourth quarter. And certainly, we would anticipate having that information in the fourth quarter to enable us to respond to whatever that guidance is that we receive.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes. Jon, this is Dan. As you know, we had a $350 million accelerated share repurchase program that was initiated in August. We have approval for about $250 million in additional repurchases over the balance of our CCAR period which, as you know, goes through the end of the first quarter. So fourth quarter or first -- fourth quarter of '12 or first quarter of '13, there's about $250 million in additional capacity. And we would expect that barring unforeseen market conditions, that those repurchases would take place ratably over that period, would probably be the most likely result at this point in time.
Daniel T. Poston: Ken, this is Dan. I think as we go into this year's process, as you pointed out, we're still waiting for the scenarios and final guidance and so forth, so we will have to react to that and incorporate that into our expectations. But as we sit here today, I don't believe there's any significant change in our thought process relative to what is an appropriate capital return plan and what might be reflected in that. I think -- I don't think there's a strong bias that the level of our returns of capital would go up or down from the prior year based on where we sit today, because I think we continue to have very strong capital levels. We continue to have strong capital accretion from strong earnings. And so on an overall basis, I think our expectations would be that it would look pretty similar to last year unless there are changes in the process that we've yet to see.
Daniel T. Poston: Yes. I think, overall, we're very pleased with the progress that Vantiv is making, pleased with their results. I think they have good growth plans in place, which has included some level of acquisitions. I think they're in an industry that has opportunities to grow from that perspective, and we believe that they have taken advantage of those opportunities very well thus far and are likely to continue to do so. So we think that that's an attractive holding for us. Relative to plans going forward, we don't have any definitive plans at this particular point in time. So that will -- that's something that we think is an attractive holding, and we think we have a lot of flexibility now that it's a public company, as to how we approach that going forward, we will continue to evaluate going forward. So we did have a bit of a negative mark this quarter. As you know, that follows some fairly large positive marks over the preceding quarter. So there's a little bit of volatility now that it's a publicly traded company and the stock price moves around a little bit. But overall, their stock has performed very well, and we're very comfortable with our position.
