Daniel Poston: I think overall, with respect to the SEC matter, we don't have any new information to report. I think we've said in our prior comments everything that we can say about that. We continue to provide the information that's requested and really don't have any additional insight in relationship to statements that we've made previously. Relative to current reporting, it's had absolutely no impact on how we classify non-accruals or how we account for or disclose any information in our financial statements.
Daniel Poston: The final thing I would just mention, Erika, is again in terms of M&A, I think there's kind of a growing expectation out there that that's imminent, and we don't see that as imminent per se, particularly given relative valuations today. Banks are still sold, and I think that has to improve a little bit and would probably take us into the latter part of this year or into next year even relative to properties becoming available.
Daniel Poston: Well in general, I think banks submit submitted capital plans that had baked into them expectations relative to dividends. So the question do you need to go back every time you have a dividend increase I think depends on what was baked into the plan. Our plan had incorporated into it increasing levels of dividends that reflect our expectations that payout ratios would continue to increase over time and that our earnings would tend to increase over time. So therefore, there are certain levels of increases that are incorporated in our plan would not necessarily require an additional capital plan to be filed with the regulators. That being said, I think there is an expectation that on an annual basis, banks would file capital plans with the regulators and refresh all of their expectations relative to their capital management activities, including dividends.
Daniel Poston: There are some increases that have been incorporated into our plan which was not objected to. So within limits of what was incorporated in the plan, yes.
Daniel Poston: If you -- let me just -- syndicated loan balances were up about $300 million during the quarter. So that was probably a decent portion of our growth, as you would expect from the environment that we're in from a capital markets standpoint.
Daniel Poston: Probably not a lot. I guess I would just re-emphasize from the perspective of paydowns and payoffs, we have seen that activity be fairly high in the last several quarters. Typically, we would see a drop in the level of refinancing types of activity in the first quarter, and we didn't see that in the first quarter. That being said, I think capital markets conditions in the latter part of the quarter were not quite as strong as they were in the first part of the quarter. I think overall, we would expect that while refinancing activity will remain elevated, that it will lessen somewhat from what we saw in the first quarter. And I think that's 1 of the things that -- it kind of underlies kind of our bullishness with respect to loan growth expectations for the second half. And as Kevin said, the things that we can control relative to pipelines, our competitiveness in the marketplace, originations and the fact that we're not losing a lot of customers are all the things that we see as positive and kind of underlie the positiveness of our outlook there.
Daniel Poston: We have eliminated hope and dreaming from any forecasts just to start with, Todd. I can't bear that.
Daniel Poston: But what I would tell you is, look, a lot of our confidence comes really directly from the marketplace relative to our conversations with clients and their expectations. And I would tell you that, we -- and maybe it is predicated or predominated because of the manufacturing orientation in our footprint. But we're hearing clients being cautiously optimistic, nothing ridiculous or absurd. And I don't think we've given you guidance to that end. But I think you've seen in terms of what we printed, our expectation is that continues at the slow and steady pace that it has started. The other factor, as you might imagine, is it's getting more competitive out there. We're working hard to maintain our disciplines throughout the entire scheme of our asset classes. That's particularly, probably relevant in auto today because there are new players, new entrants coming back into that space where we never left it. So those are the -- that's the battle of everyday that we compete with. But I would tell you that our customers are feeling better than they were last quarter, and we think they'll feel better next quarter than they do this quarter. And that's where it comes from.
Daniel Poston: I think overall, we've been very pleased with expense performance. We were down about $70 million between quarters. Some of that is the credit-related piece of that, which I think was about $30 million. But that leaves about $40 million of decrease that's noncredit related. And as you point out, the seasonality of some of the payroll taxes probably cost us about $20 million or so in the first quarter. So other than that item, we've seen about $60 million of other decline. And I think that's a combination of some items that are tied to revenues. So we do see some lower levels of incentive compensation and so forth, particularly with respect to the mortgage business, but also just good broad-based expense discipline, which we continue to have, particularly in this environment.
Daniel Poston: We've talked a bit about this in the past, and it's difficult, I think, to predict where reserve levels will end up overall. But I think 1 of the things we've talked about in the past is that from a historical perspective, reserve levels have been maybe 1% in the best of times, 1.5% in other times. And that we would expect that, that would shift northward maybe to 150 to 200 basis point range rather than 100 to 150. A lot of that depends upon kind of where loss rates settle out, what the new normal looks like s well as potential changes in kind of where loss rates settle out, what the normal looks like, as well as potential changes in kind of accounting rules and regulatory interpretations and so forth. But I think we've talked about 200 basis points as being maybe what an expectation might be as to where the reserve might trend to based on what we know now.
Daniel Poston: Our reserving methodology takes into account a lot of factors. 1 is I think that we have -- we were prudent in building reserves. We've seen some increase, excuse me, some improvements in our overall level of NPAs which has impacted that. But by and large, other factors are what drives our reserve models and our expectations, and I guess all I can say is that we feel that our reserves are conservative and prudently stated. And we take those things into consideration as we go through our models each and every quarter. I can't really comment on what other people's models are and how they're arriving at their numbers, but we believe our reserve levels are appropriate.
Kevin Kabat: I think certainly the relative priority there with the likelihood of what you might see there will probably be determined by the nature of the M&A environment that we see over the next 6 to 12 to 18 months. So I think with the capital position that we have, we certainly think we are well positioned to participate in M&A activity. We also think that share repurchases will likely become part of our capital planning activities as we go forward. So I would expect that you will probably see some of both over the next 12 to 24 months.
Kevin Kabat: I'm not sure we would have a maximum tolerance. I think we've indicated that 1 of our primary objectives in M&A, as well as in our organic growth, would be to densify our footprint and become more relevant in some of the markets where we don't have a stronger share as we have in some of our primary markets. And therefore, I think the expectation would be that there would be acquisitions that might be on the smaller end, maybe in the $5 billion or so range that might be acquisitions that fill in markets that we're in currently, although certainly to the extent that larger acquisitions -- opportunities become available. I don't know that we would preclude ourselves from looking at those kinds of opportunity. But the focus would probably be more towards the smaller end.
Kevin Kabat: Just to put that in perspective Mike, C&I loans grew about $1.4 billion in the first quarter and are what you would consider probably syndicated loan book or deals where there are 2 banks or more in the credit -- about 20% of our portfolio in total.
Kevin Kabat: We've seen -- obviously, it's been very active, and it continues to be active. Typically, what you see in those deals are larger deals, stronger credits, stronger companies really improving their position and that activity we saw very much so in terms of actually the last few quarters. That continues from our standpoint. So -- and as you point out, Mike, you do tend, in participation, to get a good return, a fuller return of value with respect to some of the fees associated with that business.
Kevin Kabat: No. I think, Mike, that we continue to evaluate the right business for us to be in from that standpoint. Obviously, credit quality is something that we continue to be very mindful of from that perspective. So as opportunity becomes more apparent or comfortable to us, we'll take advantage of that. We have the resource, the balance sheet and the capital to be able to do that.
Kevin Kabat: I'll start, Todd, and then I'll turn it to Dan or Mary to chip in. Because, I guess the things that we would emphasize is we feel very good about our loan originations. That pipeline and that activity really has continued for us for the last several quarters, and we have high expectations that, that will continue. I think the thing that did surprise us was the capital markets activity and the level of paydowns. The good news is we don't think -- we aren't seeing a migration of wholesale customers from that perspective. We are seeing a lot of activity on that basis in terms of paying down some of that debt. We would have expected that to dip into some of the deposit framework. That hasn't happened at this stage, so we're still seeing that. Although the other positive from our standpoint is we did see a second quarter, albeit very slight, continued increase in line utilization. So those are the trends on a macro basis. I'll give it to Dan to talk a little bit about kind of our orientation. Our expectation is -- we kind of indicated is we feel very comfortable about what we control, again, which is our originations and being front of the market and taking share. We assume that some of the speed with which those paydowns have occurred will begin to stabilize or slow, and that will be beneficial to us and our balance sheet going forward. I don't know, Dan, if you got anything else to add as a flavor to that.
Kevin Kabat: Yes, I guess the best way we could kind of convey that to you, Todd, is that we would expect that those most capable and eligible to participate in that paydown and repricing of their debt have probably stepped forward from that standpoint. So if the environment changes dramatically, we'll let you know. But that's what we are seeing at this point.
Kevin Kabat: From a mortgage perspective, I think we did see things pick up a bit towards the end of the quarter. We expect some seasonal increase in the level of mortgage activity. And as we commented in our remarks, overall, I think we expect mortgage revenues to be up, maybe $10 million in the quarter, so not a tremendous rebound in mortgage, but we don't see that declining further in the second quarter.
Jeff Richardson: This is Jeff. I would just add, there's not a lot of tension between those 2, because we've got $1 billion of excess capital on our target now. We expect that to grow. It's $2 billion over the Basel III proper standard, so we would expect to have excess capital in any instance.
Jeff Richardson: I'm not sure what the non-investment-grade thing is. But we're a middle market bank. We have a lot of club deals where there are 2 or 3 banks and small credit. Those tend not to be investment-grade types of borrowers. And we're not lenders to GE, and we're just not -- we don't play in that space to a great extent with the billion, multi-billion-dollar AA credit facility.
Jeff Richardson: Maybe the simplest way -- this is Jeff. This quarter, we had $30 million of credit-related costs. They've been running more in the $50 million, $55 million range. And we released $14 million, I think, in repurchase reserves this quarter. We wouldn't expect to replicate that. So that $14 million, if that goes to 0, that's $14 million of growth right there.
Jeff Richardson: Dan, I think, walked through and maybe I don't want to do it again -- but in the transcript and we walked through every single fee line item and what our outlook is.
Jeff Richardson: That'll be an expectation that seems as good as any, because we don't have clarity within a great degree on that.
Mary Tuuk: Yes. We're making that comment I think relative to the experience that we've had in the cycle over the last couple of years. So as you'll recall, as we're in the earlier stages of the cycle, the biggest challenges we've had from a geographic standpoint were in Michigan and in Florida and in particular in that Eastern Michigan region as we are working through some of our commercial real estate exposure. We've been very aggressive in working through that exposure. We have a very, very good handle on our remaining exposure in that area and feel very good about where we are in this point of the cycle. And as we've looked at the remaining real estate exposures in Michigan, we are seeing very much more of a convergence to an eventual operating environment that's more normalized. That being said, we're still mindful obviously of our real estate exposures in Florida and we're seeing improvement, but perhaps not quite at the pace that we are in Michigan.
Mary Tuuk: Mike, I would add from a credit quality perspective that our overall credit metrics in that portfolio are actually stronger than in the other parts of our portfolio. And that's been the case for quite some time, so certainly we look closely at that as we think about that business opportunity.
Mary Tuuk: And to that point, Jeff, as you think about our participation, particularly in the club deal portion of the space, we do have a very significant focus in thinking about it in terms of overall relationship lending, so we look closely at not only the credit portion of the relationship, but also the noncredit portion of the relationship to make sure we're getting the right level of returns.
Mary Tuuk: The other thing I would add to that, when you think about that ratio in particular, keep in mind that at least in recent quarters we've also taken some special credit actions that had the effect of reducing our level of nonperforming loans. So that's also a factor, at least in the recent quarters, to consider as you look at that ratio.
