Sameer Gokhale: Thank you, Natalie. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing our financial results for the first quarter of 2017. This discussion may contain certain forward-looking statements about Fifth Third pertaining to our financial condition, results of operations, plans and objectives. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from historical performance and these statements. We've identified some of these factors in our forward-looking cautionary statement at the end of our earnings release and in other materials, and we encourage you to review them. Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. Additionally, reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures we reference during today's conference call are included in our earnings release along with other information regarding the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A copy of our most recent quarterly earnings release can be accessed by the public in the Investor Relations section of our corporate website, www.53.com. This morning, I'm joined on the call by our President and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Operating Officer, Lars Anderson; Chief Risk Officer, Frank Forrest; and Treasurer, Jamie Leonard. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call up for questions. Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.
Sameer Gokhale: Thanks, Tayfun. Before we start Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time that we have this morning. During the question-and-answer period, please provide your name and that of your firm to the operator. Natalie, please open the call up for questions.
Sameer Gokhale: Thank you, Natalie, and thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third Bank. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact the Investor Relations department and we will be happy to assist you.
Tayfun Tuzun: And also we gave you the underlying beta assumptions and if we see more discipline in deposit pricing in the market and outperform, then our margin expectations may prove to be more conservative, but that remains to be seen obviously.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah, we have been using those assumptions in our rate risk disclosure since, I think, the end of 2015. But we basically disclose sensitivity tables around those numbers. So despite the fact that we are using, clearly, a 69%, 70% beta in the risk disclosures, we are also bracketing it by disclosing the impact of potential deposit runoff as well as 25% higher and 25% lower beta. So we're giving you enough information to bracket the beta behavior and then we're supplementing that with what we are seeing today, and also, based on what we are seeing today, we're giving you our expectations. So we want to give you the full picture, that's why we are continuing to use those assumptions and those risk tables.
Tayfun Tuzun: Okay. We are still expecting an efficiency ratio improvement. I don't quite recall exactly how we guided the efficiency. But, again, when you go back and look at our guidance, our guidance really has not changed from January. So what we committed to in January still holds.
Tayfun Tuzun: With the exception of – the only change we made, I want to clarify that, because in the morning I saw some reports. The only reason why we made a change in our non-interest income expectations is just due to the lease remarketing impairment that we recorded in Q1. With the exception of that, we actually moved our NII guidance up a little bit from where it was.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think our thoughts around LCR ratio in terms of today's environment is to manage it right around the 100% to 115% level. Gerard, it would be speculative for me to necessarily project an LCR ratio in a different environment because in that environment, probably, there will be other changes. But any change on that would be positive. It would be positive for earnings, it would be positive the way we manage our liquidity, but I don't want to necessarily speculate an expectation based on that.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. So, I think – I'll answer your second question first. I think the stabilization in that portfolio will be achieved sometime during 2019. And the portfolio today is going down by about $1.5 billion or so a year. So, by the end of this year, we would expect to be right around the $9 billion – maybe a little bit lower than $9 billion. I think, ultimately, the average balances in 2019 are probably going to be around $7 billion – $7 billion, $7.5 billion, and that's probably a balance that we would comfortably manage going forward. We are not – our statistics on the auto portfolio are a little bit skewed because you have a declining balance portfolio, therefore, the basis point numbers, whether it's in delinquencies or charge-offs are skewed compared to somebody who's growing their portfolio. We are clearly seeing loan recoveries. Certain used cars are showing deterioration. In terms of default percentages, we're not seeing default percentages going up because the portfolio is a high prime portfolio, which is not as sensitive as subprime borrowers, but the recovery rates in general are looking weaker.
Tayfun Tuzun: We are expecting – the guidance that I gave was in 2018, we are expecting to be above 11% ROTCE and close to a 1.1% ROA. So we are entering our North Star target that we projected for very end of 2019 in 2018 now.
Tayfun Tuzun: Traditionally, what we said was that in our CCAR submissions, we intend to keep capital ratios flat going in and coming out of the CCAR period. But we have seen, as I said, nearly a 1% increase over the past 12 months. I think 10% probably is a decent level in this environment and regime for us to target and that's the number that we have in mind.
Tayfun Tuzun: Look, ultimately, we are forced to manage our capital over the next four, five quarters, so that's what the market horizon is.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. Obviously, we are displaying, as of today, a pretty good discipline on expense management, so some of our recent efforts from 2016, including renegotiation of contracts, et cetera, are helping out quite a bit. As we look forward, there are many areas of focus, including workspace management, including – in technology, utilization of cloud space and other infrastructural investments, investments in more efficient data infrastructure as well as improvements in just overall consulting legal expenses, et cetera. They're all underway. They are moving in line with our expectations. Our goal is to continue save on our day-to-day operating expense base in order to be able to finance North Star related projects. And all of those in general are in line with our expectations.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah, but for the expense related to North Star initiatives, our expenses would've been down this year again. In general, organically, we have some organic inflation in compensation expenses. Our goal is to fund that organic increase in comp expenses, which is basically a reflection of wage inflation, by saving across the board in the next two, three years, so that we can actually absorb that and find other savings to fund the remaining North Star expenses. So we are optimistic that as some of the North Star initiatives come online, including the branch digitization efforts that reduce a significant amount of branch transportation costs, and other expenses, that we will be able to achieve that. So in terms of when do we expect the absolute numbers coming down, into 2019, clearly, as some of the North Star initiatives start easing up, we are going to build that into our forecast. At this point for 2017, the numbers are looking very good with very, very modest increases in total expense.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. So in terms of a few more items on – line items, in payments processing, I would expect that line item to be steadily growing as the year progresses. In deposit fees, obviously, it's been a tough environment with respect to growth in deposit fees for the sector, but our expectation is, again, into second half of the year, we have some initiatives especially in corporate treasury management, and we would expect a slight pickup in that line item in the third and fourth quarters. Mortgage, we expect a pickup in the second quarter. I think, given sort of the rate outlook today, once we achieve that uptick in Q2, we should see those levels holding up in Q3 and Q4. So, obviously, that bodes well for the second half of the year. Wealth and asset management unless there's a significant change in market level should see steady growth throughout the year. Greg mentioned capital markets and overall corporate banking; we would expect a steady increase in that line item. That should give us a very healthy increase year-over-year in corporate banking. So, all-in-all, our expectation is that we will do well across the board. There are number of initiatives, as I said, that are underway that would support this type of loan growth – I'm sorry, fee growth.
Tayfun Tuzun: Marty, that's probably part of it. Although, I don't think that necessarily we're making aggressive assumptions about prepayment speed changes. But when you think about it, going back two, three years, we had servicing capacity that far exceeds where we are today due to higher prepayments over the last couple of years. And we have a certain fixed cost base. It is a good business from a return perspective. We do it well, and we are very selective in terms of the profile of the servicing portfolios that we go after, and we service them very efficiently, and therefore, we view servicing, given the certain fixed cost basis, as a very good return business. And we will continue – we're adding, as I said, $6 billion worth of servicing here. Those transactions are being on-boarded, and we would expect that to grow going forward.
Tayfun Tuzun: That's more of a leftover initiative from a couple years ago where we ran some promotional offers there. But, right now, I would expect that to be a fairly stable line item for us.
Tayfun Tuzun: Hey, Saul, let's – I'm going to sort of digest it a little bit and then I'm going to turn it over to Lars in terms of what we are doing. In terms of the capital markets fees, so capital markets fees is roughly 60% of total corporate banking fees any changes obviously from quarter-to-quarter. The challenging part there that also includes our FICC revenues, the interest rate derivates, commodity derivatives, foreign exchange, et cetera. That business has been under pressure just due to environmental factors. And the overall capital markets fee growth is being somewhat limited by the pressures on that business. We are actually doing certain things in that business. I'm going to turn over to Lars to articulate those. So, as that business recovers, I think we'll do well, the rest of the capital markets business is a combination of corporate bond fees, loan syndications, and M&A advisory equity capital markets. Again, Lars and his team are working very diligently to change the slope for any growth. The remaining pieces in corporate banking fees other than capital markets are basically the lease remarketing, obviously, that's been a bit lumpy, and then just overall fees associated with loan activity, letter of credit and other corporate banking fees. So those obviously – as the loan environment changes, those also would be positively impacted. But Lars, you guys are doing a lot of things here to change the slope.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. So, when you think about payments business and split it into consumer and commercial; on the consumer side, with respect to balances, as Greg said, we introduced a couple of new cards in Q4. And when you do that, it tends to have an impact on just outstanding balances. So we're going through that, but those cards are getting great traction and we expect that they will contribute to balance growth. And also, as Greg mentioned, we are truly investing in our analytical capabilities and partnering up with some teams well known in the industry to improve both the front-end analytics as well back-end. So the consumer side is going to be an important part of the picture. But on the commercial side, the two areas that we are currently very focused on is pricing and optimization and regular treasury management in the regular treasury management portfolio, which is basically a stand-alone project without even touching upon growth there. And the other piece is commercial card. Our commercial card revenue is, in general, about $60 million, $65 million on an annual basis, but I think we are expecting with this new project of integrating commercial card into our overall relationships across the board, we are expecting healthy growth there as well. So, you will see more credit exchange coming, which is matched a little bit, obviously, with higher cash rewards, but overall going into 2018 and 2019, we are very optimistic about (01:06:17).
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. Look, I think, clearly, the corporate tax rate alone does not necessarily define the ultimate picture. As you know, our guidance for this year is in the 25% range. So we do have deductions and it's important for us to maintain those deductions in place as the overall corporate tax rates come down. I don't have a guidance as to what every percent of change in tax rates would be just because the outlook is very cloudy as to how the complete tax regime may look like in the future. We will benefit from it. We'll benefit more if we can maintain our reductions, but if they take it away we'll benefit less. That's our current thinking.
Gregory D. Carmichael: I'll start off and ask Lars to provide additional color to it. First off, I would tell you, we use the term cautiously optimistic in the past. Lot of the uncertainly that's happening in the administration and there are concerns around their ability to basically achieve some of the objectives they haven't finalized with the corporate tax rates, improve the economic growth and so forth are some concerns out there. So it's been pretty sluggish. With that said, we look at our strategic portfolio, we've been able to grow our C&I portfolio roughly about 5%. If you strip out the things that we were pushing out, that $600 million we talked about earlier, but it's been pretty sluggish. But we are starting to see the pipeline pick up in April and we're optimistic that by the full year end of period growth in commercial will be over 2%. Lars, I don't know if you want to.
Gregory D. Carmichael: Marty, we talked about being good through the cycle, so everything we do, we put through that lens, and that's why you've seen us optimize the balance sheet the way we have and do some heavy lifting, we did $3.5 billion last year, we pushed out either credit related or return related another $1.5 billion this year, $600 million in the first quarter, so a lot of heavy lifting around the balance sheet and you're seeing that start to show up with respect to, on the credit quality, and what we expect from that balance sheet going forward from a performance perspective. On the investment side of the house, we're investing heavily in the things that create additional efficiencies for the company. We talk about new mortgage loan origination platform, we talk about the digitization of our whole branch infrastructure, we're going to eliminate hundreds of thousands of documents that move back and forth between the branch network with significant cost savings. We reduced our branch count by about 12%. We continue to look for ways to continue optimize that. We did $6 million improvement in staffing and re-optimization – or optimization in that sector. Vendor negotiations, we did $40 million of cost takeouts. So we're going to continue with those type of opportunities. We've added heavily in our technology space and our risk and compliance space. There's opportunities to continue to optimize around those areas. We'll look at artificial intelligence to really focus on our operations to create more efficiencies in that sector. So we're focused on the efficiencies, but we're also looking at how we drive revenue and improve our fee businesses. So that's why you're seeing additional investments in areas like M&A advisory services, expansion of all the capital markets capabilities, but what we're looking forward is to create a balanced infrastructure and business that would be good through the cycle with a higher rate of fee contribution onto our revenue and the balance sheet that will perform well through this cycle. That's what we're working on, that's how we put – the view we put on anything we look at with respect to what we're going do or not do it. And then it gets down to execution, and we tend to execute extremely well. We have clarity on what we're executing towards. So we feel really good about the talent we have to execute these plays. And as we have already, you'll see those results continue to show up in our numbers. We talked about the expenses we're at today. We think there is a lot of upside or opportunity to drive improved expense performance going forward. We want to see some of that materialize before we talk more about it.
Gregory D. Carmichael: We're optimistic that we can grow that line as we move forward. A lot of the investments that we recently made as part of Project North Star start to really take hold in the second, third, and fourth quarter of this year and into next year, of course, on the card business. We introduced a couple additional products. We completely reengineered our analytics team in that area and we're optimistic – and we're starting to see it already, some lift in that business as we had projected we would, which will continue to materialize through the year. In addition to that cash management, we made numerous investments in technology, in fintech space, in partnerships to continue to be additive to support our verticals, which is extremely important. We continue to focus on cash management solutions such as our CPS technology. We've got over 10,000 plus devices now installed, and you're really starting to see that show up in a meaningful way as we move through the rest of this year. So we're optimistic we can grow that line item, and Tayfun, if you want to add any more color.
Gregory D. Carmichael: Yeah, first off, GreenSky, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, is ramping up, and we're very pleased on the performance of GreenSky with respect to our expectations from balance sheet perspective, but also some of the more strategic components of that on the referral part and also the investments in the technology sector embedded into our franchise will start to come on later this year. So that's going well and as planned. Other areas that we're looking at, you mentioned ApplePie, we're just in the infancy of really studying that opportunity and determining how best to position that, and right now, we're early in that phase. So I wouldn't comment too much about that one. Other investments that we're making that will come online, as I mentioned, the mortgage loan origination platform, that comes online third quarter of this year. We'll start to roll it out segment by segment. Our branch optimization and digitization, that starts to come online later this year. So we expect to see the returns of that, and the improvement of that. And then investments in Transactis and AvidXchange are right on target with respect to our expectations. Albeit, they will be fairly modest this year, but we expect those to ramp up over time as we move into 2018 and 2019.
Gregory D. Carmichael: Right now, we have an equity position about 17.8% in Vantiv. We've been very, very diligent about how we've managed that position. It's a significant source of our off balance sheet capital for us. We've been very strategic with it. When you look at this, trust me, every single quarter, right now, we're comfortable where we're at, but that may change next month. But we'll continue to look at it. Once again, it's all focused on what creates the greatest value for our shareholders. And over time, our patience has paid-off well for our shareholders.
Lars C. Anderson: I think you hit it well. I would just tell you that we did see a pickup in activity levels as we moved through the first quarter. I would say that the comments generally are somewhere between optimism and enthusiasm. However, we have not yet seen that kind of come through to fundings, but I must say I'm a little bit more optimistic about our pipeline as we look at the second quarter and later in the year. However, ultimate results are obviously going to be impacted by the overall macroeconomic environment. We got a number of lines of business that I would say despite the fact that this is a slow growth environment, you can see that in 8-K data, do continue to do very well, particularly in some of our industry verticals, some of our geographies look attractive.
Lars C. Anderson: Yeah. So I think the point on our FICC businesses is critical. That's been one that obviously globally we've seen kind of a risk off ever since Brexit. What you've seen across a lot of the regional bank platforms is the FRM businesses and foreign exchange, interest rate commodity hedging have been very weak. However, in spite of that, that historically has been a big part of our company. We're there with our clients, we're talking to them, we're strategizing, so that when we get back into a risk on type of environment that we will be positioned with them. And I would tell you that we're making technology investments there to improve even the delivery and go to a digital real-time environment. And I see that this frankly is a North Star opportunity for us to drive some significant fee income for us for the future. So I'm optimistic on that part of it that Tayfun referenced. The investment banking piece of it, loan syndication, corporate bond underwriting, equity underwriting, M&A – our investment banking revenues are up 45% on a common quarter basis. So I don't think there's any question about it that we're moving market share in the regional banking space there. And that's really important to our core strategy that Greg talks about. It's advisory base, it's a relationship base, and we're bringing solutions and ideas to these clients to help them to grow, be successful. This is a developing story and one that we continue to invest in, in technology as well as talent and align it with our industry verticals, the areas of our company that we want to grow.
Lars C. Anderson: Yeah. So, today, what we're essentially doing is we're laying off on the commodity hedging, we are providing risk management services effectively there to our clients as they look out into the future and they're trying to manage their margins, obviously, with a risk off environment. There's been less activity there. The equity underwriting has been something that has been an area that we have more recently been growing. It's a relatively small part of our overall investment banking platform are dominated by loan syndications, corporate bond, underwriting. But, for selective names, we're certainly in the underwriting of often times conversion of some of their balance sheet over to equity where we can improve their capital stack. So it's an advisory-based business, and we don't expect to be a leader in equity underwriting, but it's got to be a part of the entire kind of capital stack solution advisory approach to our clients.
Frank R. Forrest: Yes. Criticized loans were slightly up this quarter about $70 million. But, as a reminder, over the previous four quarters, criticized assets were down $955 million and we project that they will continue to remain flat to slightly improve for the rest of the year.
Frank R. Forrest: Hi, this is Frank. Let me break it down for you. We've got right under $1 billion in CRE retail, that's broken out between the stabilized portfolio, which is about $650 million and construction, which is $350 million. And then on non-CRE retail, we have a $1 billion to general retailers and we've got another $3 billion to specialty retailers. In the non-CRE retail, the outstanding is around $1.8 billion and, to give you an idea, that's about 3.5% to 4% of our commercial portfolio, and it's performing very well.
Frank R. Forrest: Well, it's a combination, most of these are mid-cap and large-cap companies that tend to be revolving lines of credit, some term credit.
