Daniel T. Poston: Sure. As you mentioned, our capital ratios are pretty strong, and we would expect on a Basel III basis that those ratios would be, on a relative basis, even stronger. So as we mentioned in our prepared comments, we do anticipate the ability to begin to return more capital to shareholders. Obviously, with the CCAR process, there are guidelines and limitations as to what can be done how quickly. So in the short run, we're operating under the guidance that would tend to limit payouts from a dividend perspective, for instance, of about 30%. There is evidence that repurchases could be another 20% or 30%. So those are things that we would consider as we prepare our 2012 capital plan. And then as we go forward, we would anticipate that those guidelines would allow for more flexibility in terms of institutions determining our own payout ratios, and given our capital levels, we would expect that we would take advantage of that flexibility as it develops over the next several years.
Daniel T. Poston: Well, for the fourth quarter, as we said, we expect that NIM will be up a couple of basis points as we benefit from some of the CD repricing that we just talked about and as compression on the asset yield side is managed through both asset growth, as well as continued kind of deposit cost management. Longer term, we haven't really sized the NIM impact. Clearly, based on our comments, we would expect that this kind of a rate environment would create some pressure on the NIM, but we think that will be very manageable and that asset growth in line with the kind of asset growth that we've been seeing in the last couple of quarters would enable us to earn through that. So I think that gives you some idea of the magnitude of what we expect.
Daniel T. Poston: I guess first with respect to the fourth quarter, you're right, we did have about $18 million in expense in the quarter relative to those terminations, which won't repeat. On the flip side in the fourth quarter, 2 main things. One is that even though we expect mortgage banking results overall to be down a bit, most of that is because of our not anticipating continued favorable results from a mortgage hedging perspective. Actual kind of top line mortgage results will continue to improve, and with that, it will bring higher expenses as well related to compensation and related to the fulfillment cost with respect to those mortgages. So that will offset some of the decline from the termination expenses going away. And then as we mentioned, there's potential pension curtailment costs, and the accounting there is a little bit strange in that you take a charge if you have to take a charge in the quarter in which those curtailments reach a certain threshold. In the past, that has happened to us -- for us in the third quarter, sometimes the fourth, I think that it has. We've not tripped that threshold yet. We anticipate that we may trip that threshold in the fourth quarter, and that is embedded in our comments with respect to fourth quarter expectations. Longer term, I think you hit on the key theme which is that we typically manage our expenses pretty consistently and not manage them through huge expense reduction programs. We continue to do that. We think that's reflected in our efficiency ratios, which I think compare pretty favorably with the industry. In terms of what levers we have available to us as we go forward, I think we consistently try to manage our expenses in relationship to our revenue expectations. So as the environment continues to unfold to the extent that there are greater revenue challenges that lie ahead, we will manage our expenses accordingly.
Mahesh Sankaran: Yes. We have about $800 million or so of CDs maturing this quarter. They're rolling off at rates of approximately, anywhere from $400 to $450 [ph]. And in terms of renewals, they're coming on at an average rate of somewhere in the 70 basis point range. But the other thing to keep in mind is that all of the CDs that are maturing are not being replaced. So that also adds to the benefit that we get with both NIM and NII.
Mahesh Sankaran: We are definitely looking at the Basel III liquidity requirements. That being said, I think there is still a fair amount of uncertainty and I think a fair amount of potential flex in the way those requirements are actually mandated, especially for the non-global banks, so banks of our size in the U.S. So we're monitoring developments; we are trying to make sure that anything we do isn't going to put us at a disadvantage with respect to those liquidity requirements. But as of now, there's not a whole lot that we're actually doing that would change; we're not changing a lot of what we would do with respect to meeting those requirements.
Mahesh Sankaran: The investment had a maturity of about 5-year -- remaining maturity of about 5 years or so. We continue to look for opportunities on the liability side. The opportunities with the FHLB advances are probably somewhat limited given [indiscernible] those transaction.
Mahesh Sankaran: Autos are probably the largest portion of that bucket. As far as autos go, I think what we're seeing is relative stabilization of new loan origination yields. As far as portfolio yields go, I think we'll continue to see pressure on portfolio yields because new loan origination yields are still substantially below existing portfolio yields just because of what the market rates have done.
Mahesh Sankaran: I said [ph] it's probably a little bit of pressure because we do have some balance transfers, but it's not substantial.
Mahesh Sankaran: In average terms on C&I, our yields are somewhere -- somewhat north of $350 million. As far as autos go, our CRE, they're actually fairly similar there, somewhere in between $330 million to $350 million range.
Kevin T. Kabat: You should expect it to be much less. The term of the CDs that we issued in late 2008, there are a lot of 3-year CDs that we don't -- there are not a lot of 4-year CDs.
Kevin T. Kabat: Well, I guess first of all, while we have talked about a 1.3% to 1.5% ROA being achievable on a normalized basis, we've never really said that we expect that to occur in 2012. That being said, I think our overall expectations are that we can continue to post the kind of performance that we're posting now. Clearly, there are some headwinds, but we've commented already with respect to our belief that we can earn through any NIM compression that results from the low rate environment through continued asset growth. And then from a regulatory perspective, obviously, there are headwinds. The impact of the Durbin Amendment in particular creates some challenges, but we believe that we will be able to mitigate the lion's share of that. We've given some guidance with respect to the magnitude of mitigation that we expect to be able to accomplish. And I think those 2 things, along with just continued solid growth and continued success in the marketplace, give us confidence that we can post results that are consistent with what we're seeing right now as we go through 2012.
Kevin T. Kabat: Yes, Paul, I'll talk to that. This is Kevin. For the most part, the way we've always viewed our mortgage business was in aggregate in terms of our total consumer relationships. So for the most part, we view that along as a key product offering for our clients, and for the most part, we almost double the revenue in terms of our mortgage sales and footprint by selling them the rest of our consumer package and products: checking accounts, credit cards, et cetera, from that standpoint. That will continue to be a very important business to us. We're mindful in terms of the way we operate that business, and we think we've done a very good job relative to how we've operated that business, particularly in terms of the national. A component of that, we service our own; we don't service for others, et cetera, and we'll continue to stay within those risk parameters and risk appetite to stay comfortable with our mortgage business. And so we wouldn't be jumping into some of the vacated businesses that you referred to, Paul.
Kevin T. Kabat: Well, some of that is jumbos. But frankly, more of it is a streamlined refinance product that we sell through our branch system. Often, those loans tend to be higher quality loans, lower loan-to-value ratios. And that's a nonconforming product, so the yields are a little better than the 30-year conforming product. And given that a large section of the customers to which that product appeals are customers that have been in their homes for a while, paid down their mortgage pretty significantly. Oftentimes they're lower, and they have shorter terms as well. So what we're putting on our balance sheet is 15- and 20-year mortgages primarily to fit that description that I just had, and they have slightly higher yield than you would see on conforming loan products.
Kevin T. Kabat: Yes, Chris, I think your assumption is correct. We feel we're taking share. I think that shows up relative to what we're anticipating or what we've been doing. And I think that shows up in the numbers, and we think we can continue doing that.
Mary E. Tuuk: Yes, this is Mary. As you indicated, we did guide to the fourth quarter that we would see charge-offs relatively stable to this quarter. I think probably the most helpful way to look at it is to still put that in the context of overall favorable credit trends. So as you see that overall improvement in that trajectory of improvement, although on a longer-term basis you see the improvement, sometimes the improvement sequentially might look a little bit more uneven and you won't see the same degree of improvement from quarter to quarter. I would point out though that you should take a look again at some of the underlying credit metrics. Our delinquencies right now are at the lowest level since 2006. Our NPAs are at the levels of the beginning part of 2008. So overall, we feel very good still about the trends, and from that standpoint, we're just giving you more granular guidance to the fourth quarter.
Mary E. Tuuk: Yes. Again, starting with the overall credit trends, what we really are looking at still is a pretty favorable environment on a macro basis. So within that context, given those anticipated trends, we do expect that we'd see the reserve continue to decline in the coming quarters. I think in terms of the pace of decline, we'd want to look at that again in the context of the overall credit trends and make sure that we're well aligned from that perspective.
Mary E. Tuuk: No. Again, I think you can anchor that back to the overall credit trends, and we're not seeing anything that would suggest that kind of interruption or a significant change in trend.
Jeff Richardson: Ken, this is Jeff. I just wanted to circle back; we have given guidance for our ROA for the fourth quarter above 120%, and obviously, we'll discuss 2012 guidance in January.
Jeff Richardson: Yes, this is Jeff. I think we indicated when we announced the results of the CCAR process back in March of this year that we include it in our plan and it was not objected to that we may call certain TRUPs. We -- Mahesh just indicated there are still TRUPs, there's the potential to call, but you're asking questions about things we're not in a position to either act on or discuss. And I just don't think we can really provide any more information on that. The amount of TRUPs we have is publicly disclosed,; the interest rates or coupons on those are publicly disclosed. It's easy to kind of figure out what is available to us, but whether we do anything depends on a variety of factors including that we could end up going into the next CCAR process, and then it has to be approved all over again. So unfortunately, we just can't really slice and dice that too finely for you.
Jeff Richardson: This is Jeff. I'm not going to probably articulate this properly. I believe we book a portion of the gain that is associated with the coupon on the mortgage relative to market rates at any given time at rate lock, and then we book the majority of the kind of originator gain that you would book through rate cycles at funding.
Jeff Richardson: I think we may have indicated, we do think, excluding hedging, that with the mortgage revenue will be stronger in the fourth quarter than in the third.
Jeff Richardson: Other consumer loan bucket is other. So consumer leases are in there, our easy access product that provides people access to their funds before -- I can't think of the name.
Jeff Richardson: Overall, mortgage banking will be down, but excluding the effect of hedging, mortgage delivery income will be up.
Jeff Richardson: Although obviously, we are producing great results this quarter, we expect good results next quarter. I think our peers are producing good results. There's a lot of refi activity going on, and even taking share, it would be difficult to sustain these levels of mortgage revenues in an environment like you just described in 2012.
