Greg Carmichael: Yes. So I’ll make some overall comments and then Lars probably can provide some color on corporate banking. In general, our expectation, when you look at the main parts of our fee revenues, mortgage, I think, it's going to be a fairly stable quarter in the third quarter. So we're expecting the current environment to continue, so there's nothing out of the extraordinary in terms of our expectations for mortgage. Wealth and asset management has been weighing up so stably, nicely growing for us.  The deposit piece, we're seeing payments income growing into the second half of the year similarly. I don't have any out of the ordinary expectations with respect to any of the other fee income items. I just want to remind you that we obviously, the way, as we always do, we have the fourth quarter TRA payment that we are expecting from Vantiv. Turning over to the corporate banking side, clearly, we have a look at our pipeline and maybe Lars can provide some color on what we're seeing there.
Greg Carmichael: Geoffrey, thanks for the question. This is Greg. At this point right now, since we’re just in early stage due diligence with Worldpay, we are not in a position to make any comments about that transaction or the impact or how we feel about that transaction to Fifth third. So more to come on that on our next earnings call once that transaction materializes or decided to do something different. At this point, we have no comment on that transaction.
Greg Carmichael: First of all, so I think on the, of course, the thing was very well done and 149 pages, [indiscernible] institutions and some of the things that they’re looking at and we’re all basically put together by input from the banks and I think LCR would be one that we want to look at, they’re looking at, if we can see some improvement on how that is calculated and how that’s viewed. I think that would be very positive. In addition to that, I think overall on the capital management, I mean, as we talked about, we’re strong from a capital perspective, our ability to put that capital and making it easier for us to do business, especially in the area of small business lending and some of the changes that the guidance would suggest, I think it would be make it easier for us to serve that sector. So those are the two areas that we like to see some progress made. And then obviously from a regulatory perspective overall, some of the activity with the [indiscernible], trying to get that a little more fluid and a little less complex in some of the redundancy that creates, the cost to create for banks would be another step forward I think and allowing us to better serve our customers.
Greg Carmichael: First off, it really gets down to how we view our forward earnings opportunities and the amount of capital we have to deploy. As the CCAR data suggests, we’ve got forward an increased dividend of 2% this quarter, another 2% or $0.02 in the 9 months from now. So that's very strong. I would see that south or north of 30%, but with respect to putting a number on it right now, I don't want to do that, but I think if you look at the next -- the next 9, 12 months, I think we feel really good about our ability to increase our dividend and deploy capital for that line.
Greg Carmichael: John, the other thing I would add John is, if you excluded the strategic assets of 600 million and look at what we’ve done this year, we would be up 3% year-over-year in the commercial growth and that’s the focus of the organization is on the opportunity that we’re looking forward to, that the relationship we want to bank. I think we’re doing a pretty good job, especially in a very muted environment, we’re doing a pretty good job of building these relationships. We’re growing our commercial relationships, we’re growing our consumer households. That’s what this bank is focused on, the quality, return profile of our balance sheet and that’s been evidenced in the numbers we discussed today.
Greg Carmichael: Yes. Like I said, 2% is for the full -- where we're at right now on the strategic assets. If that comes to an end John, at the end of this year, those strategic assets are done, we’ve accelerated those types of assets, I think the outcomes with respect to yield, with respect to credit quality we’ve got, demonstrate that was the right decision. Our thought around the indirect auto lending and what we’re seeing with used car prices and the volumes out there, we’re a year ahead of everybody else. We like what we’re doing in that sector. Once again, it’s about quality and being good for this cycle. So we feel really good about production and where we’re at for the remainder of this year, given the environment we’re operating in, the competitive nature of the quality relationships that we’re going to go after. So I’m very encouraged with what the team is producing.
Greg Carmichael: So right now, our focus is building a strong bank with all the objectives that we've already stated as project. So that’s job one for this business right now that we’re focused on. We've been very, very thoughtful about how we deploy capital for strategic opportunities in the non-depository sector, non-banking sector such as our investments in the fin-tech space, wealth and asset management, insurance space. We’ll continue to do that and deploy capital smartly in those opportunities because it creates the opportunity for us to enhance our value proposition to our customers. That makes sense. With respect to doing a brick and mortar bank type of deal, that is right now not in front of us. It's not we're focused on. And the regulatory environment will play itself out and the environment at some point will probably be more conducive to doing these type of deals, but right now, it's not what we're focused on.
Greg Carmichael: Hey, Saul. I’ll give it to Tayfun in a second, but we’ve communicated, it’s really a third, a third, a third of our North Star, 800 million. A third of it is expense, A third of it is balance sheet optimization and a third from fees. So in general, that’s how you should think about the numbers we’re putting forth and how we’ll achieve that 800 million improvement.
Greg Carmichael: This is Greg, Matt. I think first off, we'd done a nice job of managing our personnel expenses and really focused on that. Also, the other areas of non-discretionary line items, we've been very myopic and really going out to what we see those opportunities. We put the pedal down, so to speak, on continued focus on vendor management, information technology and those areas. So we feel that most of that improvement really didn’t come from a production perspective, came really from our focus on improvement in expenses and the organization is well designed to go after these opportunities, we put a lot a focus on it and quite frankly some of it just matured quicker than we anticipated and which is encouraging, because a better execution and a better credibility to execute on these plays, so we're very proud of what we're seeing right now that’s mostly on just execution initiatives.
Lars Anderson: Yes. So first of all, when you look at the overall corporate banking fees, I would point out, you may see in the appendix there that the core business lending fees were actually up nicely on a linked quarter basis and Scott that was reflective of the record production that we've had this quarter, the highest level that we've seen in -- over a year. Beyond that, obviously a lot of headwinds in the sales and trading and FICC business which you of course have seen across the industry.  That's going to be largely driven by the yield curve, volatility in the overall market place in what we see and some of our FRM businesses. So that will impact that. The good news for us is that, is we've continued to strategically position ourselves to build out our advisory businesses, in particular in the investment banking, M&A and that's become a much bigger part of our overall, our overall corporate banking fee mix. So that's a real positive, because as I look towards the second half of the year, we're seeing activity level start to pick up, Scott, both at the larger transactional level and in our core middle market that look fairly promising.  And I think that would help us to deliver some pretty attractive fee incomes. We're also continuing to add expertise and resources that align with a number of our industry verticals, which -- that too will be incremental I think to the growth of some of our corporate banking fees for the second half of the year and beyond.
Lars Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Ken. So when we started to play out our expectations last year, we mentioned that about 45% of the improvement will come from an uplift in our base performance and we still believe that is the case. And we clearly have a very strong business composition and we look to see better performance over the next two years. In terms of -- you are correct, in terms of the expenses, our expectation is roughly 20% of that money, of that amount that we identified. Obviously, we have started some of those initiatives and the ongoing improvement in our actual expenses and expense guidance reflects the results, whether it’s related to vendor re-negotiations, any work space management savings or even on just headcount efficiencies.  I think we are moving on with some of those initiatives. As we look forward and we discussed this in some meetings last quarter with investors, we expect our base expenses, excluding North Star related investments to remain well managed. We will be entering our planning period here shortly in the next 90 days and our guidance to our businesses will be to maintain their expense base, the core expense base into next year, but we will see what the outcome will be and we will update all of you during the Investor Day, but we clearly expect ongoing efficiencies coming out of our business as we look forward.
Lars Anderson: First of all, let me answer the first part of your question. That's a combination of our own credit card growth, so pure net interest income and our GreenSky partnership where we continue to grow the portfolio. In addition to that, we also have expectations of an expanded offer for our own personal unsecured lines. In terms of the risk profile, Ken is, we, first of all, the GreenSky portion of that growth is coming at a super prime level. I mean, we're talking about 750, 760 type FICO scores.  We’re monitoring that and it's behaving within our expectations. So we don't see a significantly increased risk profile, even in our under stressed conditions. Similarly, in our credit card portfolio, the focus is in footprints and this is retail customers who have a very positive credit risk profile. And the same approach would be used in our own personal unsecured lending. So our expectation is this growth is not going to alter the risk profile of our consumer lending.
Lars Anderson: John, I wouldn't describe our second quarter activity as weaker. I mean, we had -- it was strongest origination quarter since the first and second quarter.
Lars Anderson: Yeah. So I mean, first of all, I would tell you, we were pleased to see loan spreads actually widen on new production this quarter. We continue to stay very disciplined in terms of our pricing strategy and overall relationship strategy. I'm not sure that I would count on that type of expansion on a linked quarter basis throughout the balance of the year, but I do think it evidences our overall sales force’s commitment to building out relationships with a very disciplined credit pricing, but overall commitment to relationship pricing.
Lars Anderson: Yes. So back to John’s question about loan growth in those first two quarters, if you think about that $900 million that came out, there was a large portion of that that we would define as leverage, higher coupon and yet in spite of that, we were able to execute in verticals and in areas where frankly we've been able to largely offset that.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. I still believe that we will be right in that range. We think the portfolio is well positioned and we're pleased with the results.
Tayfun Tuzun: And on the equity method accounting that you were alluding to, Geoff, there is a pretty low threshold for that. I think the ownership percentage would have to decline to low single digits before the accounting methodology would change.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah, I think, the one comment that I will make because it is such a large item, corporate banking piece are a significant line item and there is fee income associated obviously with the nearly $4.5 billion of loans that we've exited over the last 18 months. So we need to take that into account when analyzing the year-over-year change in corporate banking.  As we move forward and reach the end of the year, with those exits coming to an end, I would expect the momentum in corporate banking to actually move up. And also in capital markets, on page 11, we are listing a number of initiatives that directly impact being fee income growth in addition to other areas such as wholesale payments, insurance. So as we look forward into ’18 and ’19, there are some significant pick-ups in all of these areas with respect to fee income growth expectations.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. So Erika, just another reminder that in the fourth quarter, as we’ve had for many years now, we have a 40 plus million dollar payments related to the Vantiv TRA agreement. So that’s clearly the small item that moves the fourth quarter fee income up. In addition to that, there are a couple of obviously pipeline related expectations in corporate banking. The timing of that is, we cannot necessarily plan for the timing. We are laying it out for the second quarter and that’s providing a lift and also, relative to the first quarter, which was weaker in corporate banking, I think the third and fourth quarter numbers look better. That's what’s driving the increase as we approach the end of this year.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think that given the risk profile of our company, in the long term, the company can be operated with a capital ratio of 8.5% to 9%, but I think it's very early for us to guide to that, but if the regulatory environment continues to evolve in a direction it has been, we can see our capital ratios starting to move to a nine handle. And whether or not we can take it down below that would be a reach at this point, but somewhere around 9.5% is clearly a very good number that we can achieve without the significant change. Our CCAR filing has a 10% number as we exit the currency CCAR period. So there is some room for us to improve our leverage ratio from the current level.
Tayfun Tuzun: Speaking specifically, I think John to this quarter, we saw a pickup in activity frankly and it was across nearly all of our verticals with the exception of healthcare, which we've been managing very carefully over the last couple of years is, there's obviously a lot of uncertainty there to client selection and working carefully with that vertical. It’s been a high priority for us, but we've seen nice growth in a number of our verticals that I mentioned previously. Commercial real estate is really, that's actually been a source of some growth for us. I would not see that as a headwind.  A lot of the growth that we've seen more recently over the past two quarters to our earlier point is later stage, the maturity of our construction portfolio, but we would expect that the growth rate of that would begin to reduce over a period of time. In fact, if you looked at it, commercial real estate on a year-over-year versus linked quarter, you would see that already beginning to play out. If you look across our core middle market franchise, we saw a pickup in activity level. In fact, we saw the highest production in our core middle market also this past quarter in over a year.  Indiana, Florida, Tennessee, North Carolina is a perennial leader in the clubhouse there. So I'm feeling more optimistic about our ability to grow that core middle market franchise in commercial -- overall commercial portfolio. But it will certainly be influenced by the overall economic environment as we head into the second half of the year, but pipelines look promising. We're investing resources into it. We're expanding our capabilities and frankly I think that we're well positioned to grow that for a number of quarters to come.
Tayfun Tuzun: And one last thing John that I would just kind of give is evidence of the growth of our quality portfolio with very careful client selection is, we continue to take market share in the investment banking face, for regional banks, we’ve done that throughout ’16 and this year. That's a key part of our relationship building, fine strategy, aligning that with where we want to grow, right risk appetite, right risk profile, right return profile.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. I think, Saul, it’s, the one area in terms of balance sheet growth, given some direction with respect to GreenSky alone and that will move the balance sheet. The other balance sheet items are likely to come towards the end of 2018 and into 2019nine. And when we get together in December, in the Investor Day meeting, we will give you a better breakdown of fee versus net interest income.
Tayfun Tuzun: The goal is, yeah, I mean I think at the beginning, you'll see a higher fee income growth and NII growth will probably catch up to a certain extent in 2019.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. Many of these projects are longer term projects that start to provide the bottom line support. So it is going to be more back ended than front ended.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. I think, Chris, two factors that play a role there. One is the exit, especially the credit related exits that carry a higher coupon, so from a overall portfolio yield perspective, we are very pleased that we achieved what we achieved even after that and then the other one is the market continues to be very competitive. It’s difficult to be predictive about the widening of spreads.
