Kevin T. Kabat: Thanks, Jim. Morning, everyone. Today, we reported first quarter net income to common shareholders of $367 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.44. Results included the impact of a $70 million positive valuation on the Vantiv warrant, a $37 million gain on the sale of TDRs and a $17 million charge related to the valuation of our Visa total return swap, which in total benefited earnings by about $0.07. We produced solid returns with a 1.12% return on assets and a 10.3% return on equity. The environment continues to challenge banks. Combination of uneven economic growth, uncertainty around the Fed's monetary policies and the global impact of central bank actions continue to test the banks' business models. These are not new challenges, and we've discussed with you our strategies and tactics that are designed to preserve shareholder value and to grow our earnings with this background in mind. We are very focused on investing in our businesses, our infrastructure and our talent, while we make sure that we have appropriate returns on the capital that we deploy, given the risk exposures that we manage. We're building profitable relationships with our clients and earnings returns on the capital that we dedicate to those relationships. Regardless of the environment, that's what our focus is and that's where we excel. This quarter, we continued to execute our plan and the results are encouraging. Our loan growth showed momentum in the second half of the quarter, with end-of-period C&I loans up $1.3 billion or 3% sequentially. I'm encouraged by the trends that we saw in February and March, and I'm optimistic that our momentum will persist in the coming quarters. Within fee income, mortgage banking performed well, given the lower level of rates during the quarter, which drove higher refinancing activity and better margins. Mortgage originations were up 6%, and gain on sale revenue was up 25% from the fourth quarter. Highlights from the quarter also included record fee income in our investment advisory business of $108 million, up 7% from the last quarter and 6% from the prior year. This business continues to show solid and consistent growth, as we expected to see from the talent development and relationship management strategies we planned for that business several years ago. We also continued to generate strong deposit growth, with average core deposits up 2% sequentially and 7% year-over-year. Expenses were up 1% compared with last quarter and down 3% from the prior year. Current quarter expenses included seasonally higher FICA and unemployment costs but were otherwise well maintained. Even as we continue to invest in our businesses and our infrastructure, we maintain our focus on our expenses. We've discussed our efforts to reduce our risk exposures. And during the quarter, we sold $568 million of residential mortgage TDRs from the pool we moved to held-for-sale last quarter. This transaction allowed us to take advantage of the market's appetite for these types of assets. Virtually every credit metric improved this quarter. Our net charge-off ratio was 41 basis points, the lowest we've seen in eight years, and include commercial net charge-offs of just 29 basis points of loans. Non-performing assets were down 27% from a year ago, and our NPA ratio ended the quarter at 76 basis points. We have put forth a great amount of effort to make progress on our credit results to showing up in significant, sustained improvement over the past several years. I'm very pleased that the Federal Reserve did not object to our 2015 CCAR plan. Capital management has been a strong and consistent part of our story, and our 2015 CCAR plan demonstrates the strength of our capital levels and our ability to generate organic capital, giving us the capacity to support shareholder returns. As we've discussed the past few quarters, we continue to work to reposition Fifth Third. We're maintaining our prudent approach to lending, with a focus on appropriate risk-adjusted returns. We've talked about the investments we are marking to strengthen our risk and compliance infrastructure, and we expect to ultimately benefit from them. We continue to make strategic decisions to achieve the right business mix, one which produces less volatile and more sustainable earnings growth. And ultimately, we are managing the company for the long term. And we're committed to maintaining our discipline, even in challenging environments. With that, I'll turn it over to Tayfun to discuss our first quarter operating results and our current outlook.
Kevin T. Kabat: Yeah, Matt. What I would say is that I think a lot of dialogue is going on today, and I think there's a lot of folks really kind of reflecting on some of the rules and what gets used as kind of the metric for evaluating. If you use strictly a straight-line asset number, yeah, then some people will fall above and some people will fall below. If you use that in combination with some of the things that have been talked about relative to complexity in the industry, it potentially changes the field quite substantially. How that will come out, I can't predict and I wouldn't even know how to handicap that from our perspective. Clearly, though, if the line moves, I mean I think the two most obvious impacts to us would be some of the work necessarily involved in the CCAR process could potentially change. Not that we would walk away from the benefits of the tools that we now incorporate into our capital planning process, but we could see some expense savings there in terms of being more productive and less voluminous in terms of our justifications for our CCAR levels. And then the second area would be in the living will kind of area. Those would be the two most obvious impacts to folks that fall above or below that line. Changing that again changes the amount of work, the amount of time and the amount of effort that we as an organization would have to put into that. So I think that kind of frames for you what's at stake here.
Kevin T. Kabat: And the only thing I would add, Bill, is, you've heard us talk about the development and the organization around our payments and commerce space. We're quite pleased with the continued progress and focus there. We think that's a good long-term strategy for us as we're building products and orientations around selling into value in a space that we have some real significant expertise. So again, we're encouraged. We think we're on the right track from that standpoint. And over the long-term will benefit shareholders, so...
Kevin T. Kabat: If you think about it, Mike, from the time that we talked about it last year when you're not selling the product and you're not opening new accounts, you do have account closings during the course of the year. And that probably accounts for most of the attrition and the difference of those two numbers.
Kevin T. Kabat: The way that I would kind of put that, Mike, just so that you had a perspective is, look, a lot of what you talked about in terms of the annual letter is a description of the environment that we're in. And the fact of the matter is that the environment's challenging for banks for a lot of those reasons that I talked about. That notwithstanding, there are things that we've been able to continue to do strategically, competitively that continues to differentiate Fifth Third going forward. So if you're getting confused of the way that we attack in an environment that's challenging, that would be the clarity I would try to draw you to.
Tayfun Tuzun: So I'll make a brief comment and then I'll turn it over to Jamie. As I said, at this point, we only have one rate increase assumption, which is at the end of the year in the fourth quarter. So relative to our January call, that is a change. In January, we had two raises, but now we're down to one and which is now at the end of the year. And in general, we expect our NIM to be stable from the first quarter levels, and I'll let Jamie go through the detail on that.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. And relative to your question on the impact of EAX, just realize that the first quarter NIM reset for that. So that's why going forward, you're not going to feel that impact for the rest of the year.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. We ended the quarter at encouraging levels, and you know that I don't tend to be that encouraging if I don't see the numbers. But the activity is at a healthy level. We see it on a widespread basis. Mid-corp continues to be doing well. Our middle market is picking up, and we're seeing good activity in verticals, as Kevin mentioned. The one weakness that we are still seeing is in commercial mortgage, not construction. Construction still is at healthy levels. Commercial mortgage is tough because we're seeing fairly stiff competition for assets. We're seeing loosening credit structure and very aggressive pricing environment. So along those lines, we're choosing not to necessarily participate there. But what's encouraging is that we are seeing the right type of clients with good support across the board from different revenue line items, so it's been a good quarter for us.
Tayfun Tuzun: When we look at peer and loan growth, we're actually seeing better-than-peer performance. So again, this is about momentum. This is about the trends that we are seeing in the quarter. As we discussed in January, we clearly entered the year at a weaker point, so January balances were impacted by that. So I wouldn't necessarily rely on average balance comparisons between Q4 and Q1 but look more into trends that are apparent when you look at end-of-period numbers.
Tayfun Tuzun: And Ken, I just want to go back to the energy piece and make one comment, which I think frequently gets missed. Despite the fact that we've been in the energy business for two, three years, you have to realize that we brought in a complete team in 2012. And that team has been underwriting loans for 20 years and it's a compact team. So I just want to make sure that we reflect the relative experience of our team with respect to our energy business.
Tayfun Tuzun: It's a bit early. It's still April. And we also want to be cautious in terms of the purchase market given our experience last year. In general, the market was expecting better activity going into the season, and then we did not see that overall as a sector. So we're a bit cautious in terms of projecting balances on the purchase side. In general, we would expect an uptick, but we have to realize that the low rate environment is providing momentum to the refi activity. And that's what we saw in Q1. In April, we'll probably see some of that still happening on the refi side, which could sort of tilt the balance a little bit more in favor of refi. But going into May and June, we would expect the purchase activity to pick up a little bit. So I think, Paul, it's a bit early. We'll probably be able to give you a little bit better update in July when we sort of observe the activity. But right now, we're at about a 40% purchase volume as of...
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. Ken, thanks for the question. The trajectory really has some seasonal factors, but let me answer the first part of your question. I think we are going to see throughout the year increases in our infrastructure investments in risk management and compliance. You're seeing very similar trends with our peer group banks. We're moving to this new methodology, and we're making sure that our infrastructure supports the new risk management and compliance structure. So you will see increases throughout the year. With respect to the rest of the expense trends, I think there is some seasonality in our marketing expense that you will see in Q2 and Q3. Clearly, we are making sure that we support revenue growth, and marketing spend is part of that. Typically, toward the end of the year, that spend goes down. From Q1 to Q2, you will see some increase in incentive compensation to increase in line with higher levels of business activity. Some of it in Q2 is related to higher, long-term incentive expense, which really is related to retirement-eligible employees. And we are still reducing head count in some areas. But again, redeployment of that head count into risk management infrastructure, we'll probably see higher head count going into second, third and fourth quarters. And technology investments are also going up. As we have said, regardless of the environment, we will continue to invest in our businesses. That's across the board. That's in our retail business, that's in our commercial business and that line item will see increases. But in general, we do believe that we are still maintaining focus on managing expenses in other areas. And ultimately, we will get to a level where some of these new processes and tasks will be replaced with technology. When we get to that level, you will see better efficiencies, even from sort of the existing risk management and compliance infrastructure.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. Just one correction. Despite the fact that I think Q1 will be the high water mark for the efficiency ratio, I do want to remind you that our guidance is actually not – we're not guiding to a positive operating leverage. We said in January and we reiterated again today that we would expect revenues to increase. But given the $100 million decrease in EAX, our deposit advance-related revenues, we will see negative operating leverage this year. So I just wanted to...
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. I think our full-year expectations in corporate banking, we're still looking to growing corporate banking fee revenues. Clearly, first quarter was challenging because from a loan syndication perspective, the level of activity was significantly below what we expected. Now having said that, we're not necessarily saying that we're going to go back to the level of activity that we experienced last year. We are expecting some pickup, and you should see some revenue pickup there related to an uptick from Q1 levels. And we are growing in other areas. We clearly have a very healthy derivative business in foreign exchange and interest rates, and we're seeing some activity there. And I think in interest rates, for example, I think we hit the low levels and I think last year. This year, we should perform better in business lending fees. We should see an uptick there this year. That will support growth year-over-year. So in general, despite weakness in the syndication activity, other lines should pick up the flag and we should see growth on a year-over-year basis.
Tayfun Tuzun: We typically don't give guidance in terms of the timing and the size of our disposition. But in general, we have stated before that we will not be a long-term owner of the company. We are very pleased with the company's operations and the value that we were able to build and achieve. And our goal is to make the optimal decision for our shareholders. And we had one sale last year and we'll see how this year goes. But we are monitoring, clearly, all of the same metrics that you are there.
Tayfun Tuzun: Sure. Ultimately, I think if we were to liquidate our shares and convert it to share buybacks, that's an accretive outcome. So with respect to the revenue piece, and so economically, our shareholders will be compensated for a potential exit from the company, regardless of the decrease in the revenues. Now as you know and as we have discussed with you, we have combined our payments businesses, the consumer and commercial side under one roof. And we are making investments and introducing new products to the market to be able to support revenue lines that we get from our commercial and consumer clients. And in general, our goal is clearly, just if you only focus on the revenue line to continually grow other fee-generating businesses and grow the sort of earnings per share contribution there. So there are clearly different sensitivities that we are mindful of and we are looking at as we build our strategic decisions around Vantiv.
Tayfun Tuzun: Stability is the name of the game there, and we clearly are very focused on what the market is doing. But in general, there is really no change in the way we approach that business.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think it's a combination of all. Our advance rates tend to be lower compared to what we're seeing from others. We are not competing on the seven-year products. The term is an important piece for us. And clearly the – just FICO scores in general, we are not moving down the credit profile. And some of our competitors have subprime businesses and we don't. So they're experiencing better growth in those segments, which fits their credit appetite and it doesn't ours.
Tayfun Tuzun: We own 22.8% of the company, and we carry that at about a $400 million number right now. So that's what our numbers show. And then you have obviously the warrants, which are mark to market, and then you have the TRA that is not showing up on our books.
Tayfun Tuzun: No. I think the commentary that we made last January was relative to the full year in 2014. And as we have not expanded the marketing of that product to new clients, the usage on a quarter-to-quarter comparison will continue to drop and, therefore, will be coming off of that $25 million number. So for now, the $21 million number is fully baked in.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. I think what we said in January was that you should expect the banking sector to grow at GDP plus. We clearly have some investments in our retail businesses and in other areas that should help us to get over that GDP number. And our bullishness is based on the trends that we are seeing. Those trends, if they continue, we should see outstripping that 3% number for the year. And we will update you as we go along. But for now, we are seeing good activity, and we are optimistic that, that will continue.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. I think clearly, this year, the interruption in our success in driving our efficiency ratio down was interrupted because of EAX change. And that $100 million is a big number to overcome. And you will see throughout 2015 growth in revenues, which is going to help to drive down the efficiency ratio. Our longer-term outlook is, the sort of mid-50s type of target was always based on a more normalized rate environment. And some of the statistics that we publish with respect to where our rate sensitivity is would support that outlook. But regardless, I think we will be able to grow our revenues to gain efficiencies. And that clearly does not even include the expense management focus that we have in place. As I said, our risk management and compliance expenses are going up this year. But eventually – and it always happens – that we take a look at the processes and find technology solutions to achieve the same results. And all those combined should support further improvement in our efficiency ratio. And if the rate environment helps us a little bit more, we can achieve that faster.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. I mean we've seen, obviously, the same language that you've seen from the regulators, and we are evaluating currently our product offering accordingly. We're not making an adjustment in terms of our outlook and our expectations. We will be further analyzing the guidance, further analyzing our business and the interests of our clients. And if there is a change in that, we will update you. But for now, I don't have really any updates on that for you.
Tayfun Tuzun: Utilization rates have stayed flat quarter-over-quarter, and they have been flat since the middle of next year. I think there was one uptick last year from Q1 to Q2, maybe. Our commitments are up a little bit. And it's difficult to necessarily interpret the demand side of this because clearly, there are some sectors that are benefiting. And I think we're going to see, for example, the healthcare side will remain healthy. Our verticals on retail, for example, I think the consumer expenditure side with the expectation of the gas price decrease should look healthier for the remainder of the year. And one challenging part is clearly the export sector, but we will just have to see what the global macro environment does for that. So in general, there is no underlying expectation of an increase in utilization rates in our outlook.
Tayfun Tuzun: Oh, I mean I think paydowns are slowing down. We've seen the high water mark last year. Well, it's too early to say what happens the rest of this year. But so far, early in the year here, we've seen a drop in paydown activity.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah. I mean I think last year, we were flat. Some of it clearly has to do with where the market is, and we'll see what happens in Q2. But in general, it's probably better to do year-over-year growth comparisons. And for this year, we expect to grow our revenue line there. Quarter-to-quarter, we're a little bit hostage to what happens to the market. But we're seeing good asset inflows, which will support growth for the year.
James C. Leonard: Yeah. And I think if you're more focused on near-term NIM guidance, as Tayfun said, stable NIM, but for day count and the continued impact of loan re-pricing in the second quarter driving it down a couple of basis points. And obviously, there'll be other moving parts that should largely offset one another. One would be our continued holding elevated cash levels, but those cash levels should be down in the second quarter below the first quarter levels on average basis. And we continue to obviously do well growing our deposit book, and that's created some opportunity to continue to execute on liability management opportunities. And you saw some of that come through in the first quarter numbers with our core deposit cost down two basis points, and going forward that continues to be an opportunity for us. But as Tayfun said, net-net, down a little bit in the second quarter and stable in the back half of the year.
James C. Leonard: Yeah. And the one maybe anomaly this quarter was we did take advantage of the opportunity, when we saw the sell-off in rates in mid-February that we took our hedge coverage ratio from the low 80% levels and then locked in those gains. And so we're hedged almost at 100% at the end of the quarter. And that really was where we captured some extra value during the quarter.
James C. Leonard: Yeah. Yeah. Just to reiterate what Tayfun said, I think it's both. It's the earning asset side, you saw the investment portfolio growth in the quarter. We're pretty opportunistic, able to pull forward some of our anticipated growth there. And so the portfolio's 19% of our total assets, so on average or a little bit underweighted to peers. But again, we are opportunistic. And then the strong deposit growth with household acquisition, new customer acquisition, really has given us some flexibility to go after the deposit pricing. And you're starting to see that show up in the numbers. So I think we've been responsive to the environment, and we're pretty pleased with the results.
James C. Leonard: Sure. And, yes, the 4.3 years, also, yield was up in the first quarter. And so we're pretty pleased with the outcomes there. We do expect the yield to be down a little bit in the second quarter due to day count as the rest of the purchases, the full quarter impact there. But what we're seeing on the investment opportunity side really is dictated to a large extent by the LCR. So finishing the first quarter at 108% on the LCR with about $2.5 billion or so of excess cash to where our targeted cash levels are really means that as we look ahead and how much cash we need to deploy and still stay above 100% LCR, which is our goal, 10% above the 90% regulatory minimums means that we'll need to put $1 billion to $2 billion to work to maintain an LCR above those levels. So that's how we're thinking of the rest of the year is really use the portfolio to ensure that LCR's above 100% and then just attack opportunities as they're presented by the market.
James C. Leonard: Yeah. The yield, Matt, in the first quarter on new production continued pretty much on pace with what we saw in the fourth quarter at a 304. The FICAs were again 750, a little better. The credit profile continues to be great. It's 52% used, 48% new for the quarter, 69-month average term with obviously durations much shorter than that. And the LTVs, 90%, 91%. So it's...
James C. Leonard: We don't disclose the carrying value yet, Mike, because they haven't released their earnings yet. But you're in that unrealized gain position between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion.
