Tayfun Tuzun: Sure. Good question. Obviously, this environment makes us think five times before we build strategies and tactics. I just have to point out that over the past three years; we’ve dealt very well with the volatility in interest rates. Now when markets were anticipating rate increases, we were cautious, we maintained our rate sensitivity within a very tight range and a lot of that actually has to do with the way we invested in the portfolio. We kept the size very small for that reason. And so the experience that actually we’ve gained throughout the last two three years in this environment is helping us now. In terms of activity in this environment, we are just not adding the leverage to the portfolio. We just don’t believe that the risk return profile of those investments at this point are attractive enough and we are willing to sustain a little bit short-term pain for that because I think in the long-term, being able to invest, although I have to say that we don’t know yet when that environment will realize. But, at 2% 10 year and even the short end of the curve being where it is, I think we will remain on the sidelines which obviously from a NIM perspective actually, it’s not that hurtful, but from an NII perspective, we will have some short-term pain as we actually discussed in this script. I’ll turn it over to Jamie for further comments as he and his team have been watching these markets very closely.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, I think you are right. Clearly, 30 days ago, the likelihood of us being in this environment was as high as the rest making the play-off, such as time the rest didn’t make the play-off, but here we are in this environment. And at the same time, this morning’s economic data indicated the job, those claims at the lowest levels since April of 2000. So, it’s difficult to predict exactly how this is going to play out in the global context and what the FED will do. But, part of the discussion that we had today, not only with respect to interest rate risk, but with respect to the market and other risks that are being priced, is very related to the environment and we are very cognizant of that. There is a lot of liquidity chasing a lot of unattractive yields and if this market environment continues to be exactly the way it is today, we will maintain our discipline. But at the same time, we are looking at our financials a little bit more broadly than just net interest income and we’ve been able to manage our performance in line with the environment, whether it’s related to your investments in fee income-producing businesses or managing expenses, we will react accordingly. I think, our tactics and strategies are dependent on the background and how that background shapes, but we’ve been able to show that we are nimble and we make the right decisions and we will do so without necessarily stretching for additional risks.
Tayfun Tuzun: Sure, Ken, as you can imagine, we are working on our 2015 numbers as we speak and events like this week and changes in volatility obviously changes our plans as we move forward. 2014 was not necessarily a breezy year for us either, but in this environment, we’ve done pretty well and as we look forward to 2015, we still believe that along with additional investments in areas that we mentioned during our introduction, we still have room to continue to manage this business efficiently. We are very keen on managing sales force effectiveness in this environment as production fluctuates; we need to make sure that we are getting the highest efficiency from our sales force. We are working on significant efforts to control third-party large vendor expenses. We are looking at outsourcing opportunities. So there is still tools in the clause but, that we have available to us in 2015. And we also clearly are investing in the business to drive revenues, whether it’s in commercial capital markets, in the payments business, in retail, we are not – I mean, as Kevin mentioned, I mentioned during the introduction, we are spending money to increase revenues in the retail channel through digital channel. So they still will help us to maintain a stable and healthy revenues going forward and we still have tools. But we will share more of this with you in January when we update our 2015 numbers.
Tayfun Tuzun: I mean, that’s now – I mean, I have to say that number is now built into our income because as we’ve discussed with many of you over the past year or so, we are looking at 15 plus years of cash flows coming from the ETRA agreements. It is part of how we plan the spin-off and it’s part of how we retain the value from Vantiv. So, it is very much part of our core earnings.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, and as Kevin mentioned, we truly view our retail deposit franchise as the cornerstone of this franchise for balance sheet growth going forward. We spend a lot of time because, whether it’s related to the LCR rules or just the state of the regulatory – other regulatory rules, retail deposits in any environment – in any rate environments are going to be extremely important across the board for all of our businesses. So, we are spending quite a bit of time and maintaining that perspective.Erika Najarian – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great, thank you so much.
Tayfun Tuzun: Sure, with respect to Vantiv, our strategy has not changed; our long stated strategy of reducing our ownership in the company has not changed. We are very well aware obviously, just purely with respect to the earnings stream, but at the same time, we’ve been obviously buying back our shares when we do see Vantiv, that sort of has been mildly accretive so far. So we have to take that into account and our assumption is that unless a better opportunity comes along, we will continue to execute or exit in a similar fashion. But in terms of just to focus on dollar earnings, the reason why we’ve been investing in fee income producing businesses obviously is going to contribute to a capture of that line item. But we are not specifically focusing on that line item as again we’ve been able to reduce our share count.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, clearly, some banks are viewing the sub-prime auto sector as an attractive sector. We have not viewed it at the same way. We’ve maintained our discipline in a very long period of time we will continue to maintain that discipline. As you said, our FICO scores, our advance rates has remained very stable. We are not interested in the sub-prime auto business, because we don’t view our indirect lending business as a collateral based capture of higher than anticipated collateral. It’s a credit decision that we made and so therefore, we’ve stepped back from chasing yields through credit and we are not participating there and we also obviously are conservative in terms of using our existing capacity. We are originating $400 million to $450 million a month, whereas our capacity there is significantly north of that. But again, as the broad picture that we described earlier, whether it’s in auto lending and C&I lending, and the way we manage investments, it’s part of our risk management strategy and hitting the right risk return trade-offs for our shareholders that we will not compromise there.
Tayfun Tuzun: Paul, I mean, in terms of credit, obviously, we’ve not spent a lot of time because we think that the trend is positive when you look at non-accruals going down, non-performing assets going down, 90 days past due going down quarter-over-quarter. Non-performing loans hitting 68 basis points, these are all good trends. 
Tayfun Tuzun: So, Sameer, the middle-market lending percentage, when I look at sort of the last four, five quarters, it’s been high, but this quarter it ticked up. But just to clarify one issue, we have a mid-corporate group and then we have a middle-market group. So, the middle-market group is the more traditional C&I bread and butter business that’s what you have for a long period of time. What you are referring to in terms of the efforts that we’ve discussed earlier in the year is the mid-corporate space that’s a separate space. That sort of has been growing as well, but just on a quarter-to-quarter change, the increase in true middle-market has been a bit more pronounced and what we are seeing in the rest. 
Jamie Leonard: Yes, thanks, Tayfun and Scott, as Tayfun was mentioning, we’ve pushed out additional investments while also still achieving a 92% LCR and we’ve done that by taking the pain on the funding side with the debt issuances. We pulled forward the $850 million fixed rate. So we’ve had the NIM compression on the funding side while not able to enjoy all the benefits on the asset side by holding the elevated cash levels looking at we would expect by at least mid-2015 to be able to put that money to work, but that our forecast is based on several quarter delay and additional timing. And then the other part of your question related to just the rate environment and the outlook, really if you go through each of our quarters, the last three quarters, the loan yields have compressed five basis points of NIM impact in the first quarter, four in the second, two in the third, so you are really seeing that dissipating and stabilizing here. So I wouldn’t expect the whole lot more in terms of loan yields compression. But what you will see and what Tayfun mentioned in terms of the fourth quarter, just remaining carryover effect of the funding actions in the fourth from the third quarter will cost us two to three basis points and then holding those cash levels, cost us another two basis points in the fourth. So we are looking at a NIM in the three or four range and then, maybe a little bit of a BIP or two maybe in the first quarter. But really, we’ve really taken the pain from the LCR in terms of the NIM compression and really we’ll just – NII and NIM expansion beyond this will be reliant upon this market selling off here.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, Erika, it’s Jamie. I’d say the same is true here. Our volume has picked up from about a $20 million a day up to $38 million application day, yesterday. So, yes, refi volumes are picking up, but, we’ll see how long that holds if I were truly prophetic and had put in the interest rate sensitivity slide on Page 15 that had a flat and fall scenario which you would see for us is about 1% NII decline but more than made up for by that mortgage banking revenue and refi. So we think we are well positioned and have a nice diversified balance sheet and business to really battle through this type of environment if it were to stay this way for a while.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, Ken, you do have to look at that question in terms of kind of strategically how we are viewing it. We think for the most part, the core banking bundles that we’ve been talking about which really exclude our orientation around what credit offerings we include there. We think we’ll build over time and we think there is a real need and we think there is something from our product offering that makes a lot of sense for us to do that. So we are moving forward with that. Whether or not, as we’ve discussed in the past, it includes a small dollar credit, we are still strategically in discussions about still evaluating and we are watching what both the marketplace needs would be as well as the regulatory environment. So we’ll balance that that could be a much faster adoption rate simply because of what we see as the need in terms of the environment in that customer base. So, we’ll have more for you as Tayfun mentioned as we look at 2015, but we really see those as kind of two pieces.
Jamie Leonard: So, Ken, actually margin was not necessarily, a shrinking margin during the quarter was not necessarily related to the retention decision, but, I mean, as days like yesterday would require, we will take a look at our thoughts on that retention. For now we are still – and our guidance basically assumes that we will continue that through the end of the year. I think it was a good decision and – but over the next days and weeks, we are going to re-evaluate it. Again, once we see a level of stability in rates.
Jamie Leonard: Our 30 and 90 are still very low relative to expectation standards. So we feel very comfortable with where we are. We do experience some seasonality in the quarter, but we are very comfortable with the level of past dues that of 30 and 90 margin. No concerns going forward. 
Jamie Leonard: Some have gotten the message it appears, some have not, so, I don’t think that it’s been uniformly received, but we should not diminish the role of non-bank competitors in this space who are clearly not subject to same type of regulations. Jeffrey Elliott – Robert W. Baird: Great, thank you.
Kevin Kabat: It is both and when you look at our production levels for this quarter, the largest portion of our commercial production came through our middle-market segment. That segment clearly is a little bit more isolated and it’s healthier. We have good existing relationships that drive better outcomes. But broadly, what we are seeing is, both from some larger banks, larger than us, and non-banks, there is a stretch in structures. For example, we have – I was looking at specific deals. We have certain amortization targets and typically our amortization targets are no less than 50%, no less than 40% for certain structures. We are seeing now lenders extending credits with no amortization. We are seeing multiples of leverage above us and offers. We are seeing on a combined basis with structural elements, leverage elements, significantly lower coupons. And we don’t view that as healthy. There are reasons why I guess banks and non-banks are doing this. But we are seeing that in different industries in different segments and that’s what gave us a pause. So it’s a combination of both rates and risk parameters. In some instances, even with higher rates, we would not compromise from structural elements or covenant requirements. In others though, we are willing to look at risk offers, priced appropriately but even there, we are seeing stretched parameters and Frank, I don’t know if you add additional comments on that.
Kevin Kabat: Erika, this is Kevin. Here is what I would tell you. We still believe very strongly in core deposit growth as one of the fundamental pieces of relationship in the business. So our focus there has never veined. We continue to be strong in terms of that as I’ve indicated in my scripting in some of the FDIC data. So we still see very strong growth opportunity from that perspective and we think that will help position us well on a go forward basis in terms of the franchise as well. So, I think the one thing that we as a bank and the industry as a whole are in debate in terms of how conservative the betas are in anticipation of a change in rates and what both companies and individuals do with all the liquidity. At that point, I think our point would be that we are conservatively looking at it and trying not to be in a position where we had surprised if and when that situation occurs. So, that’s really kind of the way we are positioned and why Tayfun detailed that additional page we put in the appendix.
Kevin Kabat: Yes, there is nothing from the timing we’ve been in Brussels for 22 years. So we moved that office really to London which is quite frankly a much heavier concentration of the clients that we serve from that standpoint. So it made a lot of sense to us and that really wasn’t driven by timing, it’s more driven by where our customer aggregation and business relationships are today. Sameer Gokhale – Janney Capital Markets: I see, okay. Thank you very much.
