Chris Doll: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Fifth Third’s fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. This morning, our President and CEO, Tim Spence; and CFO, Jamie Leonard will provide an overview of our fourth quarter results and outlook. Our Chief Credit Officer, Richard Stein; and Treasurer, Bryan Preston have also joined the Q&A portion of the call. Please review the cautionary statements on our materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain information regarding the use of non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the GAAP results, as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third's performance. These statements speak only as of January 19, 2023 and Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to update them. Following prepared remarks by Tim and Jamie, we will open the call up for questions. With that, let me turn it over to Tim.
Chris Doll: Thanks Jamie. Before we start Q&A, given the time we have this morning, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. Operator, please open the call up for Q&A.
Chris Doll: Thank you operator, and thanks everyone for your interest in Fifth Third. Please contact the investor relations department if you have any follow-up questions. Operator, you can now disconnect the call.
Timothy Spence: Yes. Sure, Gerard and thanks for the question. I don't think we're going to fall off a cliff in the second-half of the year. That's certainly not consistent with what I hear. I was out and went and looked at the calendar the other day. I got to get into eight of our 15 markets in the fourth quarter of this past year. And I think I probably saw 40 or 50 clients while I was out there. I mean, here's what I hear. Like if you look at the manufacturing clients as an example, they're all feeling much more optimistic about moderation as it relates to raw materials. And I think by and large, they solved the supply chain issues that they were facing either through inventory builds or through restructuring the supply chain or because the overseas suppliers that they were relying on to come back online or there isn't an issue in the ports or otherwise. I think the issues they're running into are twofold. One, labor continues to be a challenge and it's labor cost, but it's also just labor availability. Two, because they solved their supply chain challenges through building inventory. When you think about lower inventory turns, you add in rising interest rates, now debt service costs to revenue or higher proportion. And so, while they got the costs associated with raw materials through this last year in price increases, they're all looking to the next 18 to 24 months to try to figure out how they pass on just this sort of continued slow grind on labor, and debt service costs. The services clients are having no problem pushing through costs, which I think is like evident in the inflation data and personally to anybody that took a vacation over the holidays this year. And they continue to be optimistic because demand has remained strong. I think what I hear more than anything else is that we're going to have a little bit of a slow grind down here in terms of growth, and that if anything, the thing I'm more worried about is not do we end up with plus 5%, 0.5% GDP or minus 0.5% GDP, but rather that the market may be overly optimistic about how quickly the Fed is going to be able to bring rates down. And that the byproduct of that is from an operating standpoint, you have to be thinking a lot more about how you position the balance sheet for the next three to five years and for more tepid growth and higher rates than worrying about the next, call it, 12 months in terms of the outlook.
Timothy Spence: I think if there's one thing I might add there, it's -- while we expect capital markets to improve this year, I would not say we expect them to normalize or recover with the investments that have been made in that business. A full recovery in capital markets would result in a substantially larger business and revenue footprint than we're anticipating this year. We just don't expect it to be as bad or as locked up as we saw in 2022.
Timothy Spence: Yes. And just to put a number on the -- narrowly on the Southeast, like we grew consumer deposits by over 6% in the Southeast this past year to Bryan's point. That is anti has been a tailwind for us.
Timothy Spence: John, I just was going to say on the equity side, all you're seeing, I think, in the consumer for us at the moment is just seasonality. Like a sequential comp from the third quarter to the fourth quarter are the wrong comparisons. Just given the natural seasonality in those businesses, I think it's better just to look at year-over-year. And we expect consumer credit to normalize over time. That's reflected in the guide that we gave. But the delinquency dynamics there are really no different than what you would have seen pre-pandemic, other than the fact that they're still muted relative to what we would have had in the past. So, I -- personally, home equity is not the area that's been an area of focus for me. That's for certain.
Timothy Spence: Well, actually, the dynamic there is that for the first time in as long as I've been at the bank, we actually had quarter-over-quarter home equity growth. What's driving that outcome, but not a change in perspective for us on the quality of the credit or the likely outcomes there.
James Leonard: Yes. Thanks Gerard. And yes, I knew when we put you in the queue, I was going to get an AOCI question, so, thanks for living up to that. In terms of the AOCI, if you look at year-end levels with the 10-year at roughly 387, the AOCI, earns back with our duration at 5.4. It earns back pretty evenly across that time period. So, a billion or so of TCE earn back per year. Obviously, no capital impact given that we're category four. If you fast forward to today and where the 10-year is, certainly we've had a significant improvement in the AOCI just in the first 19 days of January. So that would be helpful to the TCE as well. In terms of the securities yields, obviously, we're very pleased with how the portfolio is positioned at a 3% yield. I would expect that what's going to happen with the investment portfolio is that it will continue to grind higher each quarter and finish the year at a 310 level. So, the average for the year is probably in the 305 range, because as we're reinvesting cash flows or seeing opportunities on new investments, we're looking at entry points in that 475 area right now.
James Leonard: Yes. Mike, it's Jamie. Yes, I did reference the ROTCE motel few quarters back. And I guess today's theme, it's -- the held to maturity is more like a hide the maturity. And it certainly helps having that flexibility to reposition as environments change. But really there's no one thing that's driving the strong NII outlook and NIM expansion for us. It really is the result of years of hard work of deliberately positioning the balance sheet for really what is a range of outcomes that still could play out given all of the uncertainty. And it really is a total company effort. And that comes from the household growth, new commercial relationships, product innovation, the FinTech acquisitions, and ultimately sales execution both on loan pricing and deposit generations. So that's really what is giving us the ability to grow NII during the course of 2023, as well as expanding NIM at the same time. And I think it's one of those capabilities of Fifth Third that we've proven over the past decade that's perhaps underappreciated by the market. And like you said, the securities are certainly going to be a higher level of gross income over the course of 2023, in part because we were patient in deploying the excess cash that we had and not buying securities when the 10-year was below 2% or even below 1% like some of the other banks. I think one of the bigger differentiators for us will be the fixed rate loan businesses that we have in our ability to emphasize or deemphasize those businesses. And right now, we have a little bit of an emphasis on auto being able to generate roughly $6 billion this year. And then dividend where the gross income on dividend will exceed over $200 million of growth in 2023 relative to 2022. And so really when you package it all together with an investment portfolio that's in a net discount position of about $1 billion, a dividend portfolio that by the end of 2023 will have unamortized fees, that will roll through NII of about $1 billion. We've got a lot of downside protection and a core franchise that with its ability to grow loans and deposits really is helpful. And within all of this guide, we do not assume spread widening. So to the extent that were to happen is, Tim mentioned, that would only be upside to our guide.
James Leonard: Yes. Mike, as you know, we used the Moody scenarios of -- their baseline scenario, and that drives 80% weighting and we maintained our weightings at 80.10% with the upside, and the S3 their adverse scenario or 10% probability scenario. So in the adverse, the unemployment gets -- almost up to 8% in the baseline unemployment ratchets is up to 4.2%. And then we blend those scenarios together to drive the ACL. So, I think it meshes well with what Tim's comments were of a shallow or mild downturn in the economy and then a recovery.
James Leonard: 10% on the upside, which is the upside scenario is that the Fed delivers a soft landing, so unemployment stays in the high threes. So 10% in the high threes a baseline at 4.2% peak, and then a downside at 10%, at a 7.8% unemployment.
James Leonard: Yes. We feel very good about the ability to have a floor on the NIM at that 330 level and a 200 down scenario should that play out, given all the work we've done on the investment portfolio with the bullet locked out cash flows along with being in a fairly sizable net discount position and the duration that we have combined with the fixed rate loan origination platforms with auto, Dividend and Provide, those should all provide yields. And then as we've talked in the past, we've layered in $15 billion of received fixed swaps that will also provide additional protection from 2025 through 2032. And that may be one other differentiator for us relative to peers is that we've been focused more on protecting that downside over a longer period of time and therefore, the duration of our swap book as well as our investment portfolio maybe a little better positioned should that downturn occur at the end of the decade.
James Leonard: Sure. Thanks. When it comes to the fee income, we did say relatively stable over the course of the year and probably is helpful to look at it from two components. The first would be a category I'll call the factors in our control that do deliver nice growth, both from a strong customer acquisition perspective as well as overall fee generation from a combination of the branch network, our wealth business, the commercial business. That will drive both credit card income as well as wealth and asset management fees in the mid-single-digit area and top line fee equivalent growth in the treasury management area in the high-single-digit area given our strong product lineup. From there, transitioning to mortgage, that's actually going to be the largest growth item for us in 2023. And it really goes back to all the work that we put into growing the servicing business in 2020 and 2021 when levels were more depressed. It was a good buying opportunity. And so, given our strong mortgage servicing platform, we'll increase those fees from $125 million in 2022 to the $160 million area. So that's a growth of almost 30%, whereas top line mortgage should be relatively stable off very low levels. So, we feel good about those items. Capital markets, certainly the wildcard in our guide, given that we do expect mid to high-single-digits growth in the first-half of the year relative to the first-half of 2022. And then we assume a little bit of additional growth in the back half of the year under the assumption that the capital markets disruption should abate once the Fed reaches its terminal Fed fund level. And again, as I said in the prepared remarks, if that were to not happen, then we would expect a little bit better loan growth, a little bit better NII and lower expenses. So, in terms of PPNR on a relative basis, I feel confident in that should the capital markets improvement not occur. And then the other category when it comes to fees, it would be the headwinds facing us. So, they're really environmental given the increase in interest rates, and that's on the earnings credit. We're managing earnings credits to about a 20 beta, which is a little bit better than what we thought as we entered the cycle. But even with that, service charges ultimately will be down mid-single-digits for the year, which more than offset that strong top line fee equivalent growth. On the consumer overdraft and NSF side, we probably do a little bit better relative to peers, just given that we move sooner on some of those fee and structural changes. But overall, the first-half of the year will be a little bit softer as we lap those changes that occurred mid year 2022. And then as we said in the prepared remarks, the TRA will decline in 2023 as well our expectations on lower private equity income so that other fees will be down 20%, 25% or so.
James Leonard: Yes. We feel very good about the business that Dividend is doing, especially on the solar side of the aisle. And for us, we're expecting roughly $4.5 billion of originations in 2023 with a weighting of 90% solar, 10% home improvement. Home improvement we're less enamored with. But again, it's a good product offering for other points in the cycle. So, it's being deemphasized, and solar continues to do incredibly well. And if anything, there's perhaps a little bit of upside to our NII guide on Dividend for 2023, just given the strength of the business as well as the pricing power.
James Leonard: Yes. Actually, spreads have done well and are actually off to a very solid start in 2023. We finished the year in 2022 with 7.1 billion of production, if you take auto as well as the RV, marine and specialty business combined. So that fixed rate consumer secured loan category. Our expectation for 2023 for that asset class is to be down to about 6 billion or so. So, loan balances in that caption, we would expect to be down. However, yields, we expect to improve 100 basis points from the fourth quarter 2022 levels to fourth quarter 2023 levels. So, it is a nice accelerator to the earlier question around how are you able to deliver both NII growth and NIM expansion. That certainly is a helpful driver.
James Leonard: Yes. Great question, Matt. Thanks for asking. I would say that as this environment unfolds, it really is, to your point, going to create differentiation in both performance execution and overall balance sheet positioning. We've, I think, for a number of quarters and years now been discussing how cautious our outlook is. And that has really informed what we're willing to do from a credit risk appetite perspective. So, the capital levels ultimately are a factor of the credit profile of what's on the sheet as well as the reserve levels that we have. So, the CET1 level at 925 and an ACL level of 198 creates a very sufficient loss absorption capacity. And given our SCB level is the at the minimum, I think external factors or forces would say that we're very well-positioned from a credit profile perspective as well as from a loss absorption capacity. So, we feel good about that.
James Leonard: Yes. Great question. The PPNR levels for Dividend will be positive in the back half of -- or in 2023. The net income of Dividend post ACL will be positive or accretive in 2024. Certainly, if prepayments accelerate faster than what we have modeled, then that large amount of unamortized platform fees will come through the P&L, would it improve or accelerate the return profile. But for now, that's how we have it playing out. And we model roughly an eight-year life on the dividend asset and that we would expect to have loss rates in the 125 basis point area on a blended basis for the portfolio per year over those eight years.
