Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah, in general we've not provided forward-looking guidance on reserves other than saying that in 2014 our reserves are likely to be lower than in 2013 and we will probably stick to that guidance. We have a very solid ratio at 165 and we feel very comfortable with the credit profile of our balance sheet. And in that respect we would still expect that number to go down. But beyond that in this environment it is difficult to provide a more precise outlook for reserves.
Tayfun Tuzun: Well obviously the first quarter excluding the one-time you just mentioned number is below $900 million, including the $24 million in employee related seasonal numbers. Going forward we probably will be up a little bit but the remainder of the year should fairly -- should be stable, so there we shouldn't see quarter-to-quarter changes relatively though compared to the adjusted number, our expenses will probably inch up. 
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah we will -- there is a little bit seasonality in our marketing expense. You will see that in the second and third quarters of the year and beyond that there are really small changes in different line items nothing big quarter-to-quarter, in mortgage just because, our production goes up in the second and third quarter you will see some uptick in base compensation expense probably just for a couple of quarters on the mortgage side towards the end of the year.  Other than that it's really is sort of across the board, there's nothing meaningful in any one line item. 
Tayfun Tuzun: I will make some general comments and I will turn it over to Jamie to comment on his actions with respect to liquidity. In general the market continues to be competitive. And you've seen that from other peer banks as well. We are now maintaining a very tight discipline around pricing and around credits attached to those pricing levels. And we are likely to see more compression in commercial loans.  As you’ve seen some comments about pricing in commercial real estate where we play there is a big difference than the long term commercial mortgage product doesn’t necessarily fit our balance sheet. We are not completing in that segment where lot of the insurance companies and pension funds appear to have increased their focus. In commercial lending C&I per se we are seeing continued price compression although quarter-over-quarter comparisons in our commercial unit is a bit misleading because we had a couple of moving parts in Q4 to our benefit and couple and as you will see so Jamie you want to comment on how you see this spread compression coming from commercial versus everything else that you are doing in the balance sheet.
Tayfun Tuzun: No, look I mean I think you know we want to make sure that we provide you guys with an updated realistic look. And I clearly the first quarter activity, as Kevin mentioned result in his remark was lower than we expected and whether it was due to weather or something else, at this point we don’t want to speculate but we’ve seen the pick-up in March, we’ve seen very good household built up in March and in to April here which should be of little bit of a better direction in consumer related fees.  In general our IA business which is primarily focused on private wealth management and brokerage is doing very well, despite the fact that we may have lowered the outlook a little bit that’s still is a strong growth business for us.  In corporate banking it's still expected to be up double digits. So those are very strong numbers. We are not changing the tone of our outlook but we felt we had to make some adjustments for what these came in January and February this quarter so far. 
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, first of all I think adjusting for the litigation reserves and Vantiv our numbers already are pretty close to 60%. So from here on we don’t forecast  Be close to 60%. So from here on we don't forecast additional litigation reserves. So my guidance for the efficiency ratio does not include additional litigation reserves and we would not make that forecast. We would not build that into our forecast. But we're confident given the strength in our fee income, our NII increase, 2% year-over-year and the ability to manage the expenses down that we will be able to reach a below 60% efficiency ratio in the second quarter.  With those numbers obviously we have some expected efficiency gains on the retail side this year which we would expect to continue into 2015. We're seeing, as we've shared with you in December and again in February, we're tracking consumer behavior very closely. We've a very close eye on what that means for expenses in our branch system. We would expect that behavior to continue to move in our favor. We've seen that in Q1. We're seeing increased usage of ATM and digital use in transaction volumes. If that trend continues and I should say it is likely to continue to from our perspective we should see increased efficiencies in 2015 in addition to what we're seeing this year. 
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. Let me, thanks for asking the question. It's clearly has been discussed in different platforms. First of all I think relying on third-party information to deduct any type of origination levels for individual banks is extremely difficult because what's being published and what's been used to support some of the research is totally based on splitting book running credits without actually looking at how much credit each book runner is keeping from each transaction.  So for example in 2013 if you look at total lead table book runner credit, that's $5.3 billion and that's been associated with us but when we look at actual our total committed levels it's less than half of that amount and when you look at the outstanding it's close to only 25% of those amounts. So you can't -- it's very difficult to start with the top line relying on third-party published numbers and coming out with loans in that -- that hit our balance sheet.  And of that amount just remember the way they define notes, of that amount only a fraction of the $1.3 billion for 2013 is in leveraged loans and that's probably in the mid-teens. So as you sort of peel the onion you will get to a number that is much smaller than what the top line number would indicate. So for the first quarter of 2013 if you were to add up the credits that we were part of as a book runner the gross number would be $2.4 billion. But our committed number total in Q1 was a little less than $700 million and the loans on our books currently is less than half of that, which is $340 million. And it's a smaller amount, a much smaller amount is again in the leverage loans. So one needs to be very careful in terms of interpreting syndicated loans volumes or leverage loan volumes because what they describe as leverage is truly loans that are below investment grade.  Now how do we sort of view syndicated lending within our commercial business? Syndicated lending is an important part of our business. As you know over the last three four years, we've shifting our commercial lending up towards higher end of the corporate volume sector, our investments in healthcare, our investments in the energy sectors and our investments in the mid-corporate sector, they all have moved us up in terms of the size of the borrowers. So when you look at the borrowers, these are companies with $250 million or higher in revenues, their borrowing needs are going to be larger and clearly no one bank can handle the entire borrowing needs of those institutions. So we end up basically participating in syndications. And the other misnomer a little bit is people look at the agents and volumes and they correlate those with leads where banks are participating heavily in either structuring or underwriting the credit, well again very long our strategy in building up and the size of the borrowers, we also have increased the capacity on the capital market side. And what we are seeing is that in half or even in some quarters close to two-thirds of these transactions we are heavily involved in structuring and syndicating these credits. So what's happening today is very much in line with what we expected two-three years ago when we ventured into the upgrades in our commercial lending platform and the upgrade in our capital markets platform and we are seeing the results and these are expected results. Today about 39% of our total commercial loans is in syndicated credit, that's the number that we are very comfortable with.  In terms of the credit profile of our syndicated book when you look at the performance of these, what you will see is charge-offs, NPA ratios, non-accruals have got the remainder of the portfolio, the credit grades in this portfolio are better than the credit grades when you look at the broader commercial portfolio that we own. So again what we're trying to do is we're trying to differentiate what it means to be in syndicated lending, the fact that it's part of our strategy and at 39% of commercial loans we're very comfortable where this portfolio is.
Tayfun Tuzun: I think we've said also that we're not inclined to pilot capital in case may be there is an M&A deal of this nature. We are managing capital in a general range and like any company if an M&A transaction came along then they adjust our capital activity. So anything that we ever did this large we might -- we will probably be issuing shares and if there were small we can manage that through adjusting our share repurchases.  So our priorities are to hold capital in the general range of return and not worry about future M&A. 
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah, I think the way to look at it will be mid-single digit growth on loans, high single digit growth on earning assets and then somewhere in between on total assets would be the right way to model that. 
Tayfun Tuzun: Yeah as we know we are in January, we announced that we no longer are accepting new customers in that line item. We will continue to service existing customers until the end of the year and then we will be out of that product completely at the end for this year.  In terms of the earnings related to the early access product, those are in other consumer longer leases category and the vast majority of that line item belongs to that product. In terms of the outlook as to where that will go this year clearly we've taken out growth from earnings related to that product that we'll continue to earn and our teams are currently working diligently for a substitute product. It's too early to tell what that product is going to look like again how to build the earnings capacity of that product into our outlook. 
Kevin T. Kabat: It is too early to tell. We clearly are now entering the high season and coming out of a very cold winter in our footprint in the Midwest. It's early to tell but so far I think originations are moving along as expected.
Kevin T. Kabat: So when you look at our 2013 CCAR plans, what we announced at the beginning of that period and what we executed was very much sub line. So we fully executed our 2013 capital plan. Our expectation is that we will fully execute our 2014 capital plans, as we disclosed in March with $669 million in buybacks and a potential increase in dividend to 13 bps -- $0.13. And those are obviously subject to Board approval and financial conditions. But in general our expectations would be the same as 2013.  With respect to Vantiv we own 25% of the company right now. The company is doing very well but we publicly stated that our long-term strategic goal is not to maintain a large ownership in a publicly traded company and we will execute on that plan. You will likely see sales this year, it's difficult to predict the timing. But what we laid out in our plan last year with respect to our thoughts in Vantiv we will continue to execute this year. 
Kevin T. Kabat: Said, a little bit differently Dan it's really difficult to tell you whether or not those fees catch up or they simply trend back and we are not going to make the assumption that day we get any kind of catch up from those perspective particularly as it relates to the consumer side of the house is just we don’t think that’s a reasonable expectation. And that’s why to Tayfun's point we've kind of given the guidance that we’ve given. 
Kevin T. Kabat: And Erika just one color on that. That's all while still continuing to invest in our top-line, the revenues and our ability to grow the company from that perspective. So we've got a balanced perspective and we're trying to make sure that we do what's best for our shareholders long-term, not just short-term given the environment that we have. 
Kevin T. Kabat: And while we 're at it, let's clarify one more issue. Our life lending has been talked about quite a bit over the last number of quarters. Our exposure to covenant life lending is less than 1% of our portfolio. So and it's page to pay attention to the details and we're providing this disclosure to make sure that the research out there appropriately reflects our exposures.
Kevin T. Kabat: That's the question we ask frequently. We get to every year prior to our submission of our CCAR package, we have debates here, we have debates with our peers and everything now, it's hard to forecast that, Kevin. In this environment, the regulators are doing a much better job in terms of communicating with us. Every year this process is getting better. We are learning more about how they view capital management and learning more of the processes we would hope that going forward this process will continue to evolve in a positive direction as we've seen over the last two years. 
Kevin T. Kabat: Yeah Kevin again I think the forecast for this year is correct and accurate. I am not sure when or if '15 is significant different as we get better ideas, we get later in the year. We can give you a little bit better color on what we anticipate. But I wouldn't expect a lot of significant change in terms of the immediate priority at least as far at this point. 
Kevin T. Kabat: And keep in mind too Kevin again we try to be very transparent in terms of strategy for us but we have an awful lot of what I refer to as off sheet capital as well for use in case something attractive to our shareholders came along for us to purpose. 
Kevin T. Kabat: Let me answer the second part of your question first, I think it's a bit early to start building expectations through 2015 but when we look at the pilots, the pilots continue to operate very successfully. And as we've discussed these tests are designed to address the customers' changing behavioral patterns. And we continue to see uptick and their activity through the ATM channel, mobile channel, we continue to see changes in the way our teller lines are being utilized.  We are very excited about how our newly created job definitions are working in addressing the combination of sales activity and the channel activity. So whether it's with respect to the quality of customer service or with respect to the efficiency that's attached to changes we are very encouraged by the signs that we are getting from the test. And we will share with you as the year goes along what our expectations would be with respect to 2015. But we’d like to take a little bit more time to read the tea leaves on this prospect. 
Kevin T. Kabat: That’s line item is a combination of many bits and details, that includes for example our Vantive earnings that includes our rolling income and price holding fees et cetera, it's difficult to say that precisely clear and give you a guidance outlook. But in general I would expect over the next two three quarters, the fourth quarter core numbers probably would approximate what we should expect there.
Kevin T. Kabat: I would say it’s not as much the cost to calculate it every day as much as it is the challenge that our employee will have to dedicate and have been dedicating months of efforts in managing the data, the field and staging all of this information and then the overall IT infrastructure work that has to occur. We can do it all in house with the systems we have. So it’s not a large cost from that perspective. However it’s a lot of manpower to do the LCR calculations and obviously having the ability to forecast and factor in the volatility from the different deposits spaces and mixes that you have is really a challenging thing and why everybody is focused on having a buffer to the minimum components level. But it’s definitely a lot of work but it shouldn’t be a lot of external spend to make that happen. 
