Chris Doll: Thank you, Chelsea. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we will be discussing our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2018. Please review the cautionary statement in our materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain information related to the proposed merger with MB Financial, reconciliations to non-GAAP measures along with information pertaining to the use of non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements about Fifth Third’s performance. We undertake no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statement after the date of this call. This morning, I’m joined on our call by our President and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Operating Officer, Lars Anderson; Chief Risk Officer, Frank Forrest; and Treasurer, Jamie Leonard. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call up for questions. Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.
Chris Doll: Thanks Tayfun. Before we start Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up, and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have allotted this morning. During the question-and-answer period, please provide your name and that of your firm to the operator. Chelsea, please open the call up for questions.
Chris Doll: Thank you everyone for your interest in Fifth Third. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact the IR department, and we’ll be happy to assist you.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. Clearly, corporate banking continues to be very strong. It was very strong in ‘18; it will be again, we expect to be strong in ‘19. We’re being cautious in the mortgage banking business as we are not expecting a significant improvement in the environment. Clearly, if the environment improves, then we would expect to exceed the contribution from mortgage banking. Similarly, although from a fundamental activity perspective we are seeing great success in our wealth and asset management business, we’re are not necessarily forecasting a significant change in market levels. In addition to that, as you know, we last year -- early last year, announced that we were going to reduce our outstandings in the large ticket leasing business, which has an impact on operating lease income. So, that is driving some of the headwinds. And then also, last year in 2018, we had some private equity gains. Those are difficult to predict as we sit here today at the beginning of the year. So, those are some of the headwinds. But, relative to other fee line items, including corporate banking, clearly, we’re not only benefiting from the acquired revenues but also from just organic growth opportunities.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. Thanks for the question. What we’ve seen on the commercial front has been continued migration from a client preference standpoint from DDA to IBT. So, that certainly drives a little bit of that. But more importantly for us, we’ve had a very successful fourth quarter in both new client acquisition on the commercial side as well as getting the better share of wallet of the deposit, both from our existing customers. So, we were really pleased with the deposit growth in our commercial book. And it was very widespread across our regions as well as in several of our verticals including the retail vertical, TMT and entertainment and lodging. So, overall, very good outcome, and we expect that to continue into 2019.
Tayfun Tuzun: Well, at this point, I really don’t want to comment on the MB acquisition. Obviously timing of the closing will play a role, but our assumptions have not changed in terms of our cost saving assumptions. By the end of year one, we assume that all 100% of cost savings will be realized such that we go into the year two with full benefit of those. In terms of ours, we’re pretty clear on what we expect from the adjusted base. So, that approximately 1% type expense that we discussed last fall still holds in terms of what we expect from the standalone.
Tayfun Tuzun: And I think, Peter, the change compared to last quarter as well as last year also gives you some indication going forward as we would expect our origination elsewhere will exceed originations obviously in leverage lending.
Tayfun Tuzun: Look, I think it is clear that with respect to the expansions, those initial years tend to be loan heavy, no question about that. But, at the same time, we are looking at the momentum that we currently have in place with expect to, both consumer as well as commercial deposits in our existing footprint, in our existing businesses. We are encouraged that we can continue to fund loan growth including the expansion markets with our existing ability to grow deposits. And then, after a year or two, those markets actually tend to catch up fairly quickly because as Lars mentioned, the approach in these expansion markets is not go through participations but establish direct customer relationships, so without necessarily creating imbalance between asset growth and deposit growth. And then obviously, in this market we are trying to be more selective in terms of relationships that carry higher deposit. In addition to that, we are also looking to expand our deposit gathering activity nationally with a more focused approach within the commercial business specific sales force dedicated to growing deposit. Deposits in either down environment or up environment with respect to rates will continue to be a priority for us because we do believe that as I said earlier that core profitability depends upon our ability to fund asset growth through core deposits. So, regardless of what the Fed environment may look like, our focus on deposit growth will not change.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, absolutely. This is Tayfun. I'll answer that very, very confidently. It has been a positive influence because we’ve been able to look at different portfolios and the contribution of those portfolios, the future losses and the impact on capital. We have made some good decisions to exit certain businesses because from what we've seen in terms of what it would mean to capital ratio. So, that all hangs together, and I have to tell you that that's the reason why we would not abandon our stress analysis even in the absence that if the regulators decide to change the current process.
Tayfun Tuzun: Well, our expectation is that we would reach mid-1s. Right? So, when you look at it including the MB acquisition, unless the environment significantly changes, we would expect to reach the mid1s. Beyond that, it becomes difficult because then you get into the point in cycle with respect to credit and interest rates. But, we will take it year-end time and we will try to achieve our targets but we clearly are on the upward side.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. Matt, our target audience continues to be prime, super prime type of range, so that there is no change with respect to the credit exposure profile. With respect to targets, concentration targets, as you said that these levels are very low, and as a matter of fact, as you know, our total consumer book has been declining and now we've been trying to achieve a better balance between consumer and commercial exposures. Credit cards have a significant room to grow. We are little over $2 billion; unsecured loans do as well. We do have as you may remember, something, $2 billion type of target with respect to the GreenSky loans but these levels do not create any concerns with respect to exposure limits in unsecured consumer lending, given especially the profile of the borrowers.
Tayfun Tuzun: And the other stuff, we have basically collection of unsecured exposures that have been organically created exposures in our private banking with respect to borrowers from that side as well.
Tayfun Tuzun: Remember that that’s been deliberate, right? Because when we decided to reduce auto loan exposures from where we were in 2015, the concern was that we were not getting paid in that business appropriately. And we’re also -- as we reiterated, we’re not portfolio in conforming mortgage loans. So, all of that clearly plays a positive role with respect to NIM expansion. So, yes, we agree with that.
Jamie Leonard: Hey, Ken. It’s Jamie. What we did in the quarter from a swap perspective was we added let’s say $4 billion of spot starting swaps in October and early November; and then, mid-November we added a forward -- one-year forward starting swap for a total of $5 billion of swaps and then we added floors at a 225 strike that were also one-year forward starting. Net of all of that was about a $4 million benefit or 1-bp benefit to NIM in the fourth quarter. And then, given the rate outlook for more stable one-month LIBOR, we would expect that benefit to continue. The other action we took related to swaps was then later in the quarter after the bond market rally, we did terminate 3.1 billion of swaps that were set to mature in 2019, which that termination loss just becomes crystallized and locked in over the course of 2019. So, not a real impact to NIM, other than if rates were to sell off we would not be impacted by that related to those 3 billion in swaps.
Jamie Leonard: I think, Ken, I mean, we are obviously -- we've had great growth in the fourth quarter, and our guidance reflects a 1% type increase in commercial loans -- average commercial loans in the first quarter. We are maintaining a relatively cautious approach as we look into 2019. We are not trying to increase our expectations based on obviously our success in the fourth quarter. But, if we achieve better than our current cautious expectations, that will have an impact on NII on the positive side.
Jamie Leonard: It’s Jamie. How I would think of it is, if you adjust the fourth quarter for the seasonally elevated items, we have a nice performance of 3.27 from a NIM perspective. Our outlook -- and just to be transparent on the underpinnings of the outlook, we have, I would say, perhaps a little conservative outlook on the NIM, given that we have no rate hikes. Obviously, as Tayfun said, the June hike would add a bp or 2 to NIM. We do assume one month LIBOR to Fed funds spread declines from the 7 basis points in the fourth quarter to 2 basis points in the first quarter. Again, if that were not to happen that would be added a bp or 2. And we use the yield curve as of January 2nd, so if rates and the curve were to steepen back out, that would add another bp or 2 to NIM. And then, perhaps one item that’s overlooked because this forecast is a standalone forecast for Fifth Third but we are taking action in advance of the MB acquisition on our balance sheet that does have a NIM depressing impact on Fifth Third but not on the combined organization. So, the securities we've added to be LCR compliant, the debt issuances that we completed and have in the forecast to complete in 2019 on the Fifth Third side, what that translates to is that the MB NIM performance back at acquisition we have talked about that being 5 basis points to 7 basis points of NIM additive, now, given how this forecast lines up, it will be at the higher end of the range because the Fifth Third balance sheet is bearing the cost of those items. So, if that helps to explain our NIM outlook. But, our balance sheet in the absence of rate moves should be relatively stable.
Jamie Leonard: Erika, on year-end LCR for Fifth Third, you can see the strength in the 128% number, which is elevated beyond our targeted operating range of 110 to 115 is where we would like to operate the Company. But we have had to add level one HQLA in advance of the MB acquisition because their portfolio simply is not invested in level one, given that they are not subject to the LCR. So, post MB until the LCR were to go away, we will operate in that 110 to 115 range. But as a result of the build-up in our securities book, we’re at roughly 23% securities of total assets; post acquisition that number will decline probably to the 21% of total asset range as a result of the build-up on our side, therefore freeing up some liquidity post combination.
Greg Carmichael: Yes. In a changing, John, environment like we are going through with rising rates, one of the benefits of our model and the kind of the relationships we have with our clients is, we are able to get in deep relationships, bring them liquidity solutions, and some of those liquidity solutions have added to the migration over to -- from DDA to interest-bearing transaction accounts. These are still relationship based. But, we are really pleased with the execution of our strategy that we’ve put out there. And frankly, we are able to fully fund the commercial bank’s loan growth for the year. And we would expect that we would continue as we head into 2019 as we’re going to stay very close to our clients in a changing environment.
Greg Carmichael: This is Greg. The only thing I would add also is we also expanded into Greenville, South Carolina which is out of footprint; in addition to that we have a St. Louis middle market operation. Both of those have done extremely well. And it’s really -- of course some of that is finding the right talent that knows the market, couple that with our go-to-market strategy, our product capabilities and so forth, and it's worked extremely well for us. But, we're very selective on which market, what the opportunity looks like, and once again, it depends on finding the right leadership and talent in that market before you make that move. So, I think Lars and team have done a fantastic job. We've had a lot of success. We'll continue to be very prudent in how we approach those opportunities. But, I think to-date, we're very pleased with the outcomes.
Greg Carmichael: So, first of all, we're not taking our eye off the ball of our core franchise. We have a lot of focus; we put a very seasoned leader into a position leading middle market for our Company, he spends a lot of time on our core franchise. I couldn't feel better about our positioning there. And we're seeing the outcomes of these successes in our core franchise. You can see it in our credit metrics, you can see it in the growth, and you can see it in the talent. As I speak to California and beyond, the talent tends to come from your larger regional banks, but as we continue to expand into Texas, I would expect that we would continue to build out that same type profile, individuals that have experience in middle-market, individuals that understand not transactional but really core relationship banking and how to leverage the capabilities that we've invested in, in NorthStar and beyond.
Greg Carmichael: We’ve had a lot of success recently in our wealth and asset management business and obviously our capital markets capabilities of looking at strategically franchise opportunities that would benefit our client base that could -- that would feed into our book of business. And we’ve got a lot of success there. So, we’ll continue to evaluate those opportunities as they materialize. Once again, you just have to find the right opportunity that fits into our model in a geography that we’re banking. If we find that combination and we think it’s a good fit for Fifth, we’ll consider those opportunities moving forward. But I’ll also restate, job grows [ph] as MB Financial, getting that done. So, we won’t do anything that distracts us from being able to accomplish that successfully. So, we’re being very mindful of what’s on our plate and how we move forward.
Greg Carmichael: The only thing I would add is as we went into 2016, we made a conscious decision to be good through the cycle. Now, we had to take next important decision, so we pushed out over $5 billion commercial loan. A lot of that was leveraged loans, commodity lending and so forth that we exited that didn’t meet our risk return profile. So, you start to see the outcomes of that not only just in our credit but also in our yields in the relations that we’re banking today. So, it’s very different than we were doing in the past. Higher quality -- higher sustainability more consistent performance through the cycle.
Greg Carmichael: Gerard, the only thing I would add, we’ve communicated earlier that the combined franchise with MB Financial, as we look at that in 2020, the ROA range we’ve put out there is 1.55% to 1.65% to give you some indication where we think we’re heading.
Greg Carmichael: And Chris, I also want to highlight, we do actually quote this almost every opportunity we find, but we have the lowest CRE exposure amount in the peer group. So, when you think about where we are in the cycle and the asset classes that would be subject to deterioration depending upon how that cycle moves forward. That is not getting enough attention from our perspective. That significantly alters the behavior of our balance sheet today relative to our experience going into and past the crisis.
Greg Carmichael: Not at this point, not until we close the transaction, I don’t think it would be appropriate to do it. But, what I will say is that again this portfolio, it’s a fairly small and it’s a very diversified portfolio compared to ours; it’s one-seventh the size of our book. They’re mostly small balance, lower in business banking and middle market loans, so very granular. It’s something that we still feel very comfortable with and we could manage it and hold it into our credit disciplines as we go forward, but really do not want to comment on another public company until we close relative to the specifics of your question.
Lars Anderson: So, Marty, first of all, I think we already have a competitive advantage within the markets in which we’re operating and I think that we’re proving that out. Number of the NorthStar investments that we've made, the acceleration that you’ve seen in our middle-market business this year. We’ve had three linked quarters of acceleration there of over a $1 billion of middle-market growth in 2018 and we continue to complement that with additional capital markets treasury management capabilities. Those capabilities along with our value proposition, we found that we've been very successful in California and expanding into those markets. We know those markets well already. However, one of the key parts to executing I think effectively here is to have very high quality, talented, experienced leadership and bankers in those markets. We’re able to accumulate, I will tell you, a really first-class team in California and we’re already seeing some very positive momentum there. We already have a leader for Texas that will be coming onboard here shortly. We expect to duplicate that same process and execute there. I do have a history in Taxes and know that market pretty well. We will be able to leverage that. And the Denver market, we also operate in today. Again, we have insights and we will replicate that in those markets. I don’t have any reason to believe we can’t deliver our middle-market value proposition, like we have in 2018 in these expansion markets.
Lars Anderson: One last thing I'd tag on, if you looked at our California middle market portfolio today, this is not about buying into participations. This is about true lead relationships where we have close relationships with management.
Lars Anderson: Yes. Peter, I think, the reference to MB is important, because MB Financial clearly expands our commercial reach. We’re adding relationships significantly with MB to existing relationships. So, if there are any opportunities there with respect to certain products and services that would benefit that expanded commercial client base, we would take a look at it.
Lars Anderson: Yes. So, Ken, without giving specifics about the contributions of each of these groups, I would tell you this. First of all, we’re getting substantial growth out of our existing franchise. That’s the key driver for our Company in 2018 and will be for 2019. If you look at the Midwest, Indiana continues to be a standout but the southeastern states continue to grow at a very attractive rate. We really feel good about our ability to continue that momentum into 2019 and for the expansion initiatives for us to be additive to that strength in 2019 and beyond.
Lars Anderson: The point I’ll make on CRE, as we’ve talked before, it’s primarily a portfolio of both national and large developers who have very diversified large balance sheets. So, we're very confident based on client selection that we’ve focused on, large -- the things focused on in the last two to three years that we’ve banking with right people and that we’re successful through cycles. We do have exposure at local levels but we don't have significant exposure to smaller developers, who could have liquidity issues in a very quick period of time. So, we feel very good about, one, the quality of both; and two, we’re very deliberate that we're comfortable with where we are relative to the total exposure today.
Frank Forrest: Good morning. This is Frank. Our balances actually are down 55% over the last three years and our commitments are down 46%. And as we’ve stated before, we took an early, I think a very appropriate look at reducing risk in that portfolio. I also will add that our criticized assets in the leverage book are down 25% over the last three years. Our credit exposure today is just over $3 billion. We control that with a number of metrics, and we feel pretty good about it. I also will caution you, when trying to compare leverage portfolios, it's very difficult to do that because there's no standard definition. So, everybody has their own definition. But, we believe ours is a conservative definition. It has a pretty small overall concentration relative to our total book. So, we’ve been very assertive over a longer period of time in producing the exposure given what we anticipated with potential rising rates and where we’re in the cycle, and we think that’ll pay of us if we hit a downturn here over the next 12 to 24 months.
Frank Forrest: This is Frank. Let me take that. Again, we’ve been very deliberate over the last three to four years to reposition our portfolio. And as Greg took over as CEO, our objective is to make sure that we are very, very good through cycles. If you look from a historical perspective going back prior to the downturn, that wasn’t necessarily the case. So, we know how important it is to be consistent and be very good. And so, a lot of it is repositioning and make sure that we’ve got the proper balance between, both the consumer and the commercial side and also to make sure that those areas where they tend to spike up due to cyclicality from downturns and we are better positioned. Commercial real estate for example, as we have talked about before, we have less commercial real estate by any measurement than all of our peers; and leverage we’ve been working that down to I think of the rate appropriate level over the last three years. And Lars is doing a really good job of growing the middle market book which provides more granularity against the corporate book that’s performing exceptionally well, primarily investment grade. So, very intently focus by the entire management team here to make sure that we are delivering through consistent cycles with one probably coming up in the next couple of years and we have done that again by I think with the very-disciplined approach and managing the portfolio through concentration limits and KRIs [ph] and better distribution of risk.
Frank Forrest: One other thing I would add on that, one of the benefits of that balance sheet optimization was freeing up resources so that we could become more productive. And we are seeing that in improved operating leverage. In fact, our relationship managers productivity is up about 15% in 2018 over ‘17; that's the third year in a row where we've been able to reallocate resources, as we continue to see asset quality strengthen and we can put more on the line with our clients while still staying very-disciplined on client selection, managing that portfolio.
Frank Forrest: It’s hard to imagine that it’s going to get much better than it is. When you get to a below 4% criticized base, based on my long history, that’s about as good as it’s probably going to look. If we get well below that, then you’re probably not classifying your loans correctly. So, the outlook right now for 2019 for us is steady state. We might see a slight uptick depending on where rates are and where the economy goes, but we’re in a much better place than we were. I mean two and half, three years ago, we were running at close to 7.5% criticized, which was one of the highest than almost all of our peers today. Our number of 3.3% is one of the very best of all of our peers. So, again, I think it speaks highly of the deliberate pace that we’ve had to make sure that we reduce the risk in our portfolio and we feel good about it. But below 4% is hard to imagine that we get much better that from an industry perspective. 
Frank Forrest: And I would say, Chris, if you look at our construction portfolio, you saw that that was stable on a linked quarter basis. Our commercial mortgage was up slightly, but that is not an area that we would see contributing significantly in the future, in ‘19 to the growth of the commercial bank. In fact you could see that begin to decline as a number of asset classes such as urban luxury living, big portion, going back a number of years ago will continue to mature, payoff move to the permanent market and that construction portfolio will begin to decelerate.
