Chris Doll: Thank you, Jay. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. Today, we’ll be discussing our financial results for the second quarter of 2019. Please review the cautionary statements in our materials, which can be found in our earnings release and presentation. These materials contain reconciliations to non-GAAP measures along with information pertaining to the use of non-GAAP measures, as well as forward-looking statements about Fifth Third’s performance. We undertake no obligation to and would not expect to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call. This morning, I’m joined by our President and CEO, Greg Carmichael; CFO, Tayfun Tuzun; Chief Operating Officer, Lars Anderson; Chief Risk Officer, Frank Forrest; and Treasurer, Jamie Leonard. Following prepared remarks by Greg and Tayfun, we will open the call up for questions. Let me turn the call over now to Greg for his comments.
Chris Doll: Thanks, Tayfun. Before we start Q&A, as a courtesy to others, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow up and then return to the queue if you have additional questions. We will do our best to answer as many questions as possible in the time we have allotted this morning. During the question-and-answer period, please provide your name and that of your firm to the operator. Jay, please open the call up for questions.
Chris Doll: Thank you, Jay, and thank you all for your interest in Fifth Third Bank. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact the IR Department and we will be happy to assist you.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes. So, Scott, the underlying third quarter to fourth quarter growth is truly in corporate banking and a combination of overall capital markets as well as treasury management. As we look at our corporate treasury management pipelines and the expected on-boarding of some of those client revenues, as well as in general our expectations with respect to just corporate banking fee activity, you know, that builds the basis for our outlook.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, this may be one last time that we’re doing this, but it’s going to be very difficult going forward from here on.
Tayfun Tuzun: So, we’re definitely pleased with what we were able to execute. I would tell you, in the fourth quarter of 2018, we did the $11 billion of total hedges, $3 billion in floors, $8 billion in receive-fixed swaps, as Tayfun mentioned. $3 billion of those received-fixed swaps were forward starting. $1 billion began in June, and another $1 billion will begin in the third quarter and the final $1 billion leg of that is in January. I would love to do more, but not at these entry points. So, what we did this quarter and actually over the last six months as opposed to adding more hedges because we didn't like the entry points, we effectively repositioned the investment portfolio to the equivalent interest rate protection of about $10 billion in notional swap. So, we included an extra page in the slide deck, it’s page 20. It’s just to highlight the additional positioning we've done with the investment portfolio to highlight the protection that it will provide. And so, that obviously helped during the second quarter and helps protect the outlook as we go forward. So, a long answer to a simple question, but at the end of the day, there are a lot of tools we have at our disposal, and we've been I think very effective at utilizing them whether it’s swaps, investment portfolio, the fact that our CD portfolio is -- 76% of it matures in under 12 months, so that should reprice fairly fast, the fact that we put on additional fixed rate auto, so the auto production was $1.4 billion for the quarter and should be about $5.8 billion for the year. So, we've done a lot behind the scenes to help protect to the low rates and that’s starting to shine through in the results.
Tayfun Tuzun: No, we should be – I mean we will be. We’re not necessarily providing how we’re going to execute those, but more or less, you know, I think it's going to be even – we also, as you know, have a portion of the Worldpay gains still waiting to be converted to buybacks potentially.
Tayfun Tuzun: Mike, Jamie gave a good discussion on the way we are managing the investment portfolio. I think lately, since sort of the end of last year into this year, we've executed a few actions to position the investment portfolio. We thought that it was a better choice between executing through the transactions and moving the portfolio.  And, we look at the environment and market expectations every day, and as there are certain windows open, we may choose to add more direct hedge protection. But at this point, we have been favoring moves on the investment portfolio to protect the downside. But that may change, it's a very fluid process and we are very careful. And I think over the years, we had we have a great team. They've provided a great perspective on economic growth, as well as central bank actions. And it's that same team will continue to monitor the situation as closely as they happen over the years.
Tayfun Tuzun: Gerard, we're not quite ready yet to share. Obviously, there's a lot of work that's still going on. There's still a lot of work ahead of us between now and year end. We are in the middle of these parallel runs. My expectation is the earliest we will probably potentially give an update will be our third quarter earnings. But we're working very diligently to finish all the work.
Tayfun Tuzun: Yes, we're not – our outlook, at least for the second half of this year, sort of matches the production patterns with respect to the refi environment. I don't think that by the time we get to year-end, our residential portfolio outstandings will be much different from where we are today.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. Ken, it’s Jamie. I would look at it, you know, as we left the first quarter, our guide was we were going to grow from a 3.28 core NIM to a 3.32 core NIM, which is exactly what we posted. When you decompose the NIM benefits, I think we said on the last call, you know, we would expect the MB loan and deposit portfolios to be additive to NIM and the challenge with unmixing the paint this quarter on the benefit is that we made a lot of investment portfolio and funding actions in advance of the MB acquisition. But in total, I would decompose the NIM that a combination of the balance sheet positioning, funding actions, investment portfolio, plus MB’s loan and deposit portfolio benefit was 8 basis points, and then our core deposit growth on a core basis at Fifth Third was up 2% and that added a basis point. So, we had 9 basis points of benefit, and then that benefit was partially offset by a basis point headwind from day count, a basis point impact from the $1.3 billion on balance sheet auto securitization we did in April, and then 3 basis point erosion from market rates, which as we’ve talked about in the past, is primarily related to the one-month LIBOR to Fed funds spread, which cost us a little over $1 million per quarter per basis point, and that contracted to 6 basis points during the quarter. So, when you take all of that together, that posted the core NIM of 4 bps, but it is getting harder and harder to break out, you know, what MB did exclusive of the other actions we took on the balance sheet.
Jamie Leonard: There’s a little bit of noise there. Some of those are matured facilities that we’re in the process of getting through the pipe. They’re small facilities overall. We expect that to subside in the next quarter or so. There’s nothing there that portends deterioration that in credit leading to losses or anything like that. It’s just working through some of backlog we need with the adjustment, primarily on MB, and again, not delinquent, but also maturated facilities that we’ve had a plan in place to work through and we’ve made a lot of progress. So, you’ll see that come down in the next couple of quarters.
Jamie Leonard: So, the deposit cost in the quarter, MB’s book at the end of the year and you can look at their fourth quarter release, their deposit costs were roughly in line with our deposit costs, not far off at all. So, our [up 4] was as we got it to the last quarter, we thought it would be [up 4] and we were [up 4] and that’s like, you know, really the Fifth Third books. So, we think it's been – rate costs have been well maintained on the deposit side.  For our forecast, if we were to not have a Fed cut at the end of July, I think a normal amount of deposit rate increase for us would be up 1 basis points or 2 basis points just given mix and promotional rates and new acquisitions because we continue to have good deposit growth. But given that we have a July cut and a September cut in the forecast, those numbers, I think, will be down a bip or 2 from the levels that you see in the second quarter.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, I think, in general, Saul, if you remember the guidance that we provided back in April, these numbers do line up very well, including the impact of lower interest rates. Now, on ROTCE, the additional impact is coming through the AOCI and that's why we wanted to exclude that and gave you the 16.5% excluding the AOCI. Overall, if you take our NII guidance up about 1% from the adjusted Q2, you will see that we're not necessarily expecting a growth into the Q4 based on that third rate cut assumption. And, I mean, it's not like a big fall or anything like that, but you're not going to expect another 1% growth over that. In terms of fee income, I answered one of the earlier questions, we are expecting a good amount of growth from the third quarter into the fourth quarter in terms of fee income. And in terms of the expense outlook, it's not different. These numbers are large percentages because of the MB comparisons and therefore you're not seeing the underlying movements. But our expectation is that we had great performance in the second quarter with respect to NII, we still expect very good performance in light of a lower rate environment. And we just kept our overall return targets pretty much intact despite the weaker rate environment and because we just outperformed quite a bit in the second quarter. I mean, that's really – that has also a lot to do with our ability to maintain our overall return targets.
Jamie Leonard: Yes, it's a very good question. And unfortunately, the answer is somewhat complicated because you have about 12% of our deposit book is indexed to Fed funds. So, when the Fed moves, 12% is going to reprice immediately at a 100% beta. But then we have various offers that are out there that those deposit rates will come down over time. So, it's really a blend that will deliver it and as Tayfun mentioned, over the three rate movements, we're modeling a 38% beta, which is exactly what our cycle to date beta was on the 225 basis points of Fed funds increases.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. And I didn't give that data point, but that's exactly what the repositioning accomplished. I think we ran last year net premium amortization of $6 million a quarter, I think this quarter we were around $2 million, so that benefit definitely showed up in the quarter.
Jamie Leonard: So, the approximate – I'll give you the number on the revenue side, increase is probably about $20 million-ish quarter-over-quarter Q1 to Q2.
Jamie Leonard: Yes. The deposit attrition at MB is going fine. It's slightly less than the attrition they experienced for the 28 months leading up to the acquisition. So, it's right in line to slightly better.
Greg Carmichael: You know, Ken, we haven’t seen that show up in our pipelines yet, and actually we feel very confident about our ability to deliver on our commitments we just made on asset growth for the second half of the year. But the conversations are less optimistic, you know, obviously with the noise that’s out there right now, you know, the slowing economy, the rate environment, what’s happening with the tariffs and so forth. It’s just a cautionary discussion. We’re ticking that up, but once you get that kind of ebbs and flows, but right now, we have [nothing to show up] in our pipelines. Actually, production was held up very well in the second quarter, and as we talked about, and we expect that to materialize again and continue forward into the third and the fourth quarter this year.
Greg Carmichael: Well, Mike, we still continue to invest in our company. We are very much interested in maintaining a healthy revenue growth. We are interested in making all the necessary technology investments that we need to make. So, as much as we like the way we manage expenses, we also want to make sure that we continue to support the franchise. In terms of, you know, the overall expense savings, I mean we will share those with you, but I think we’ve proven over the past two, three years that we are, you know, good stewards of expense and we will continue to execute on those terms.
Greg Carmichael: Yes, first all, we're extremely pleased with the MB acquisition and partnership, and I do want to thank all the MB employees for their great leadership for this transition. So, we're very pleased with that. We're very pleased also with the quality of that business and our forgoing expectations to achieve our expense synergies and our revenue synergies. We feel very, very confident and as Tayfun mentioned in his comments, we're slightly ahead of the expense side house and we're very bullish on the revenue side of the house as we start to look at some of those pipelines starting to come together. It all starts with the people and we've got great people at MB and partnership with Fifth Third team in Chicago to serve that market. With that said, job one is to get this done right and deliver on the commitments that we made, whether it be the 400 basis points in improving our efficiency ratio, which we're on the way to do that, the 200-basis points improvement in ROTCE, the 12-basis points of ROA improvement. We want to deliver on those commitments as we said we would to our investors, and that's going to be job one. We want to get that done right and demonstrate that going forward. So, our focus is on that. Our focus is on continuing to build and expand our businesses organically where we'd be growing in new markets like California, Texas or investments in the Southeast, products, services and people and we're going to continue to do that. And that's really the focus is, MB and then organic growth. There's nothing out there on horizon right now that we're focused on beyond that.
