Brian Newman: Sure. Happy to give you some color. So we talked about 12,000 heads out. 75% of the reductions will come in the first half, which drive the $1 billion in the 2024 calendar year. But you're absolutely right in terms of the timing and announcement, it will be back-end weighted. And really the thing I'd like to point out is it's a change in the way we work. So as volume returns to the system, we don't expect these jobs to come back. It's changing the effective way that we operate.
Brian Newman: Yeah, I think as we look to the back end of the year, certainly the volume projections that are in there, in terms of the volume growth for the back end of the year, in that 2% to 4% range, domestically, we start to see CPP growing slower than RPP. And so that balance is what's going to create the operating margin. With the sorts we closed over 30 sorts did not reopen them during peak. So we're changing. Nando's doing an effective job of basically managing more volume with less. So we'll continue to drive that.
Brian Newman: Sure. Happy to Amit. So, from a shape of the year perspective, the full year we called revenue at 1% to 4%. But based on lapping of the volumes and the contract overlap, we would expect revenue to be flat to down 2% in the first half, up 4% to 8% in the back half. And from a profit perspective, I had mentioned that it's a tale of two cities. In terms of halves of the year, the second half of the year, we'd expect profit to grow about 20% to 30%. So Q1 will be the biggest challenge because we're lapping from a volume comp perspective and a full contract. But on a full-year basis, we're looking at OP margin 10% to 10.6%. I think you can expect the second half of the year to be 11% to 12% in that range and you can back into the first half. In terms of your question of backing out the $1 billion in cost, that $1 billion will be a cost-benefit in 2024. But I think we've said in the past, Amit, it would take twelve months to digest the new labor cost. We are confident we can get back to consistent expansion of US margins as we lap the first year of the contract. That'll be a combination of pricing and productivity. So, net-net, it's really lapping that contract and then you start to get the benefits. As Carol said, some of those benefits would accrue over to 2025 as well.
Brian Newman: So Carol talked about the differences between the Nando and Kate, the operating cost and what we're talking about management headcount. If you bifurcate the two, I think you're going to hear more at the Investor Day through things like network of the future, how we go after additional headcount in that area. But this would be about a 14% reduction in that 85,000 heads.
Brian Newman: So happy to, Brandon. We were actually pleased with the volume momentum. We were at a low watermark in August of last year, down 15%, and we saw sequential monthly improvement as we looked at our volume domestically from an ADV perspective, down to mid-single-digit declines in the month of December. So that trend continues to play out well. We're going to see some tough comps, though, in the first quarter, so I wouldn't expect positive volume growth in Q1. We start to see positive volume growth in Q2 and then certainly in the back half of the year as the comps change. SMB, Carol mentioned, very focused on penetration on the SMB side and specifically some of the medium SMB customers. We've stated we would like to see that mix trend up to 30% plus. We finished the year at 28%. So we're well on our way in that direction.
Brian Newman: So the two planes were picked up through Qatar and really it's part of a broader airline strategy to retire some of the MD11s in terms of efficiency and sustainability.
Brian Newman: Happy to, Scott. So from a domestic margin perspective, we're looking at the back half of the year being in the range of -- from an OP profit perspective, we're looking at 20% to 30% growth, Scott, from a margin will be in the 10-plus range for the fourth quarter. The challenge we have is the first quarter, we actually expect to be down in the neighborhood. We had a low mortar mark in Q3 of last year. So we're not going to be down to that point, but I don't think we'll be much better from a margin perspective in the US in the first quarter of this year. From an Amazon perspective, we finished the year at 11.8%. And that was not due to an increase in the business. We're still executing our plan with them in terms of a glide-down. It was more to the overall enterprise revenue coming down as a part of the enterprise.
Carol Tome: And I might just add a little more color, if I could, Chris. Today we have about 495,000 UPSers around the world. A few years ago, when the COVID demand was peaking, we had 540,000 UPSers. So Kate and Nando have done a masterful job of managing our operational headcount to meet the volume in our company. And they've done that by managing turnover and attrition and closing sorts and reducing block hours, et cetera. We have about 85,000 UPSers who are management, and this can be full-time and part-time management. The targeted headcount falls really within that group as well as some contractors that will be leaving us. And to Brian's point, this is really about a new way of working. So it's a $1 billion of cost out now, but there's even more cost out to come as we have a full-year benefit in 2025.
Carol Tome: And at our Investor Day in March, we're going to talk to you about network of the future. We've got an integrated network. We don't have to integrate, but we can transform our network with some very exciting ideas. So we're going to share that with you in March.
Carol Tome: Yeah, we're never done. We continue to drive productivity. It's a virtuous cycle here, and technology has changed so much in the past year. When you think about the advent of Generative AI and the applications inside of our business, we're just getting started and I'm really excited about what the future will mean in terms of driving productivity and as well as improving the customer experience.
Carol Tome: Yeah. We'd be happy to do that. But we're going to kick that question to our March conference because we've got a great presentation to share with you regarding network of the future, and it would take up way too much time today to go through that. We want to spend a good amount of time talking to you about that in March. So thank you for understanding.
Carol Tome: I'll start with a few comments about Project Brown. Project Brown really is a new way of going after business and it has many elements to it, and I'll make some of those real to you. First of all, we looked at ourselves and said, what's getting in the way of speed? Because it was taking us too long to respond to a customer. And we found that we hadn't really declared service level agreements amongst the various groups that participate in this exercise of providing offers to our customers. So we shortened up the time to response and that's important and that's going to be with us now forever. I can make that real for you. Outside of the United States, it used to take 22 days. We dropped it to six days. We're now at two days. That's best in class. And we've made similar improvements in the United States. Project Brown was also looking at Deal Manager. Deal Manager is the new tool that we introduced that uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to score a deal and avoid the need for our salespeople to go up to our pricing people for appeals, they can actually see the score of their deal. We've had great acceptance and win rates, 79% win rates with this tool. But we found through Project Brown that we weren't offering all of our products in the tool and one of the products we weren't offering was SurePost, which is a great product. So we introduced SurePost into the Deal Manager, and we're getting some good return on that. That's particularly attractive for our small and medium-sized customers. Another thing that we did is that we improved and increased weekend pickups in several key markets during the year. So and I could go on and on and on, but this is a way of operationalizing excellence to drive the business and capture share. So where are we going to capture share? We're going to continue to lean into the small and medium-sized segment opportunities, we're seeing some real success in that area. We're going to continue to lean into healthcare. When I started here, the healthcare revenues are around $6 billion, now at $10 billion, and we're going to continue to grow. We'll lay out our three-year growth plans for you at our March Investor Day. I think you'll be very pleased with that. We're going to continue to sell off the service that we provide and the capabilities that we have that actually no one else has, that's our integrated network. So at our Investor Day in March, we'll lay out market share capture. Let me just make the market real for you because this might be helpful too. As we think about the addressable market, the addressable market in the United States. It's a little over 52 million packages a day. So there's plenty of addressable market for us to go get. And plenty of market for us to get outside of the United States because we are underpenetrated in so many areas. One reason I called out our new air hub in the Hong Kong International Airport is that the greater China Bay area is unbelievable economic power base, the 13th largest economy in the world, 37% of all China exports go through that airport. And today, we have small way overcapacity hubs and buildings that are inefficient with lease rates that are sky high. So we are building a 20,000 square meter facility. It will make us the second largest air hub in that important part of the market. So expect to see a lot of growth coming off of that over time.
Carol Tome: So I would say that the pricing environment is very rational. And you can see that as Brian ticked out the RPP performance in the fourth quarter, we had very strong base rate performance. Now the RPP was muted because of lower fuel costs and product characteristics and the product mix change and lower demand surcharges, but the base was very strong. And we expect the base to continue into 2024, our GRI for 2024 is 5.9%. Will we keep all of it? No. But will we keep a lot of it? Yes, just like we did in 2023, we kept about 60% of the GRI in 2023. So the pricing environment is rational. In terms of competitive products, it's incumbent upon us to stay at leading edge and meeting our customers where they want us to be. That's one reason we offered a hyper-local product beginning last quarter, which is really a short-zone product. We haven't had that before. And as we look at the offerings that we will go to market with this year, we've got some things underway, not ready for prime time, but I suspect looking over at our new Chief Commercial Officer, Matt Guffey, that we might be able to talk about that at our March investor conference and he's nodding his head. So stay tuned for that.
Carol Tome: Maybe another comment because this is just an interesting observation on the market. If I look at our top five decliners in the quarter, that would include our largest customer and there's an intentional decline there. But then if I look at the remaining decliners, it's really interesting to see what's happening. Of those, only one has diverted some volume. They're a dual sourcer and they have diverted some volume. And I suspect they'll stay dual-sourcing. The rest, either their business is just way off or they have worked really hard to create a better experience inside the store to encourage buy online pick up in store. So there is a bit of dynamic happening within our large enterprise customers. I think for all of us, we're delighted to have anniversaried the demand that we saw through COVID. Now that that's behind us, now that the volume for the small package market has reverted back to the mean, this is an opportunity now for everyone to grow.
Carol Tome: I'm happy to address the Coyote question to the best of my ability. I was on the Board in 2015 when we bought the company but the strategic rationale was really about expanding the portfolio. And it was a very thoughtful strategic rationale to expand the portfolio. But I don't think we fully understood at the time was just how cyclical this business is. And I'll make it real for you. When we acquired Coyote in 2015, the revenue in the previous year for Coyote were $2.1 billion. During COVID, Coyote peaked up to over $4 billion in revenue. Well, it's gone way down since then. In fact, if you look at our Supply Chain Solutions business, it was down $3 billion year-on-year, which is a third of the overall company decline. Within that $3 billion, Coyote made up 38% of the decline for the year and 48% of the decline for the fourth quarter. So you can see the volatility in the revenue line, and then we've got a business that has a very low margin. So if you've got that kind of volatility on the revenue line, you're going to have even more volatility on the earnings line. So we're like, gosh, is there are another way to skin this cat. Can we think about an alternative that continues to allow us to provide the service but without all the overhead? Or perhaps this business is worth more to someone else than it is to us. We don't know. We don't know the outcome of our alternative work. But as soon as we do, we'll share that with you. And on the freighter question.
Carol Tome: Yeah. The longer-term view is very good. It's 3%. So that's really good growth actually. And we're looking forward to getting into that growth mode. We use a number of external factors to inform our perspective on the market growth. We triangulate from a number of different sources and come up with our best view. This is our best view.
