Brian Newman: Morgan, good morning. It's Brian. Happy to take this one. Look, our guidance for the first half of the year remains the same, declining in profit down 20% to 30%. So that's consistent. I did call out at the tail end of the quarter, expected minus 40%. I said consistently that Q1 would be the tougher quarter in the first half of the year. There were two elements that contributed to beating that 40%. One, on the top-line, we did see positive volume momentum going into the end of the quarter in fact, the last couple of weeks were basically breakeven from a volume perspective. I think the last week was about zero percent thereabout. So sequentially, we were seeing improved volume. But the bigger component was just some cost trading between April and March, things like occupancy and maintenance cost shift in terms of when they hit the P&L between March and April. So no change from a guide perspective still down 20% to 30%, some cost timing at the end of the quarter there, but the positive was the trajectory of volume momentum. Thanks, Morgan.
Brian Newman: Hey, Tom, happy to take that. So listen, from a Q1 to Q2 perspective, the shape, if we look at the U.S. we would expect marginal growth from a volume perspective, which relative to past trends, normally, Q1 steps down to Q2 from an absolute volume level. So by maintaining that will be a natural accretion from an EBIT perspective. The big component, though, full year on a run rate basis, the Fit to Serve program will generate $1.3 billion in savings and we're ramping that up in Q2. So that will be a big driver as well as we think about it. And then from a Q1 to the back half of the year, it's the same three components, Fit to Serve. It's the volume lift along with the drivers of RPP and then it's the labor contract lapping, which is the big piece in the back end of the year.
Brian Newman: I think all those that you stated, Carol, and then the volume growth, obviously, with the comps, it’s going to be a big help to us.
Brian Newman: And then on the tonnage in terms of USPS comes in through SCS other. But because we’re using a lot of the U.S. assets, we allocate cost to that business, and that will have a positive benefit on the domestic margin.
Brian Newman: And the headwind we saw from a mix perspective, Carol alluded to this in the back end of the year, we are anniversarying a fair amount of share post from last peak. And so the overlaps won’t drive as big of a headwind.
Brian Newman: Sure. Scott, we're maintaining the first half at negative 20% to 30% from a profit perspective. So can choose the element of the range you want to point towards. I think ADV in domestic, we're expecting Q2 to be slightly positive. RPP should be consistent with what we saw flattish in the first quarter as we move out of the headwinds from a mix perspective. And as Carol said, fuel and the PSS in the back end of the year will help us. Cost per piece will get better in Q2 -- I'm sorry, in Q3 when we anniversary the cost of the labor contract, but somewhat similar from a Q2 perspective in the U.S. And then from an ADV perspective, internationally, Kate is looking to see that business improve as we sequentially move over the course of the year. So I guess I would steer you towards the 20% to 30%. We've been very consistent on that from a profit standpoint for the first half and you can squeeze it.
Brian Newman: So from an ADV perspective in domestic, I think that's where you're headed with a little bit of a slight tick up in positive volume in the second quarter will likely finish low single-digit decline in the first half, second half we'd expect that to be low single-digit increase. And you can look at it through various different lenses. We're building momentum ever since August, each month is basically getting sequentially better each quarter from Q3, Q4, Q1 improves. We'd expect to see slight positive volume trends in the second quarter. And then just from a comp standpoint, I mean if I go back from a trend perspective, over the last 10 years, our Q3 is generally about close to 300,000 ADV better than Q1. And even if we assume flat from a Q3 to Q1, that would be 4.5% growth. So any way you cut it, we see the back end of the year and most important, it's the visibility on the sales pipeline that we're pulling through and the volume levels we're seeing going into Q2.
Brian Newman: Yeah. The initiative is progressing slightly ahead of plan. Reductions began in March and will continue through I2. We’d expect more than 80% of the resource reductions to be complete by I2. We’re on track to that $1 billion that I mentioned. And at a full annual run rate going into next year, we’d expect $1.3 billion. So there’ll be some benefit early part of next year.
Brian Newman: Just, Carol, this year marks the 15th consecutive year we've increased the dividend, and we're committed to a stable and growing dividend. So we will earn back into that, but certainly committed to it.
Brian Newman: Yeah, Dave, we had expected about a 50% keep rate. We saw a 240 -- roughly 250 basis points in the first quarter. So generally, in line with expectations. We'd expect that base rate to continue over the course of the year. I think Carol hit on a couple of the key points around the other elements of pricing. There's a fuel piece. There's PSS in the back -- in the peak season and then there's the mix component that we've been talking about the focus on commercial on SMB and health care. So all those things combined give us confidence that we'll deliver a low single digit from an RPP second half of the year.
Carol Tome: Well, thanks very much for your question, Amit. And we're delighted to have won the air cargo business from USPS our team put together an innovative solution using our integrated network. And as in contrast to traditional hub-and-spoke models, we don't have to run all of the air volume through our main air hub at Westport. Of course, we will use Worldport, but we will also use our regional gateways. That allows for splits to occur outside of the network, so they'll be built in origin and then we will bypass the main hub and go point to point. This is an integrated solution that's very different than I think the former provider offered. We also will use all of the assets of our integrated network, and that will allow us to actually optimize block hours. Now in terms of the investments that we need to make to services volume, we have plenty of space on our existing aircraft. So we won't be purchasing any aircraft. We will be hiring some pilots but less than 200 pilots, and we factored all of that into the cost model that we built. So this will be margin accretive. It will be EPS great at beginning in year one and through the life of the contract.
Carol Tome: Well, first on the international margin, I think Keith did a terrific job of managing costs in an environment where demand was down. There was a onetime item that we didn’t call out in our prepared remarks. But if you back out that onetime item, the international margin would 17%. The first quarter is usually our lowest margin quarter. So we anticipate that the international business and our planning for the international business to be in the high teens as we told to.
Carol Tome: So from a volume mix perspective, if I look at the volume that’s in our pipeline, I would say the volume that’s in our pipeline is not sure cost. We’ve got commercial volume in our pipeline, additional enterprise volume in our pipeline. So we’re going to be our customers where they want to go. But the mix is looking very different as we look ahead than it was in the first quarter. And in terms of pricing, I don’t think we’re going to talk pricing on this for this call but we always look for opportunities to optimize our pricing.
Carol Tome: So this is what I'd like to do is out, let's get through the second quarter, and then we'll come back and give you more color. I like to get some of it into the network. We've modeled it out. I want to actually see how it performs. So we'll give you more color at the end of the second quarter.
Carol Tome: So we like to return business a lot. You're right, the consumer typically walks into a UPS store to start the return and we consolidate the returns at the UBS store, and they returned to the shipper. And that would be a B2B return. So if you think about -- I'll use our largest customer for an example, we have returns through our UPS stores with our largest customer. We take in thousands of returns for that customer and package it into one consolidated return that goes back to them. So that's a good business for us. And with Happy Returns, now we were able to offer the same service, which is no box in the label. Same idea, consumer walks in, they make the return, we consolidate it and return it back that's how we think about it being a B2B business, and the margins are very attractive to us. It's density. That's one reason why the margins are so good because you get that.
Carol Tome: So on the fuel surcharge as we look to the rest of the year, fuel prices are increasing. And this is not atypical for us to adjust our surcharge on the base of rising fuel costs. You also should know that, that doesn't impact all of our customers. Clearly, some are exempted from this. So in terms of the ability to stick, we think the will stick. And just a comment on the capacity at our Investor and Earnings Day, we said there was about $12 million ADV excess capacity in the market, and that equilibrium is about 6%, you need about 6%. So really, the excess capacity is around 6 million today, and we think that will be fully absorbed by 2025. Now you may say why. Well, we're part of that excess. And so we're closing stores. We're taking capacity out of the market, and our Network of the Future initiative is capacity neutral. Also with our large competitors' consolidation efforts capacity will be leaving the market. And then another player headquartered in Seattle on the regional, I think the capacity will be taken out of the market. So we think all that capacity will be absorbed in the pricing environment is actually very rational.
Carol Tome: Yeah. Our pensions are very well funded. They're over 90% funded. And it gives us an opportunity to step back on. You just look at our asset liability strategy, our funding strategy. So we thought we should just pause right now, take a look at it and then when we -- if we make any decisions, we'll share that with you.
Carol Tome: Well, clearly, we want to get all the volume on boarded before peak. That’s in their interest in our best interest. We will onboard the volume as we can. Our teams are in Washington, D.C. working with the postal service hand-in-hand as we build our operating plan.
Carol Tome: Well, I give a shout out to our sales team. The improving volume trends are in large part due to their hard work and efforts. You may recall at the beginning of the year, we said the growth in the market wasn't going to be very growthy this year. So the fact said, we're able to see sequential improvement in the magnitude that we're seeing is really because of our sales team. We are winning new. We are gaining additional penetration of existing customers. We are meeting customers where they want us to be. And our sales team will continue to do that around the world. And that's one reason that we're confident in the volume projection that Brian did share.
Carol Tome: Yeah. Thanks for the question. And I think I got it, you broke up a bit, but it’s generally about DAP. So last year, in the first quarter, our DAP revenue grew 51% and our volume grew 61%. So we didn’t expect to repeat that kind of growth in the first quarter of this year. And so we were very pleased with how the DAP portfolio performed in the first quarter because it was in line with our expectations. We had anticipated a slower growth in the first quarter because there were a couple of our partners that we were working on amending the teens and fees. So we expected the growth rate to be slower and then to pick up as we move into the second quarter and the rest of the year. The projections for the DAP around the world, and we’re seeing great growth outside the United States, by the way. The projections for the DAP portfolio by the end of the year is in excess of $3 billion.
