D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone. 2012 is off to a good start for a couple of reasons. First, we announced our intention to acquire TNT Express, an investment that will contribute to our growth for many years to come.  Secondly, looking more near-term, first quarter results built upon momentum from last year. We continue to see strong demand from UPS products and services, especially in the U.S. and Europe. Both the U.S. Domestic and Supply Chain and Freight segments delivered double-digit profit growth in the quarter.  Back in January, we discussed that expectations for the U.S. economy were improving, especially compared to the rest of the world. During the quarter, the most positive news has come from the U.S. where indications of economic rebound are evident. Retail sales have grown faster than expected, and the employment environment has improved.  On the other hand, economies in other parts of the world continue to face challenges. Europe struggles under austerity measures, and slowing growth persists out of Asia.  Despite this, we continue to see our export volume in both Europe and intra-Asia perform well. UPS is executing on its strategy of investing to grow with the announcement of 2 acquisitions.  First, in February, we acquired the European consumer delivery company, Kiala. Its retail delivery network and unique technology will benefit UPS, as we continue to look for ways to serve the growing B2C market, especially outside the U.S. As you know, last month, UPS announced an offer to acquire TNT Express. While we have not closed on the transaction, we have made initial contact with the regulators.  UPS remains confident it will receive all required approvals. The acquisition of TNT will diversify our global revenue, increasing our portfolio of solutions and expanding our geographic footprint. We're excited about the prospects of adding such a strong and respected company to the UPS family.  During the quarter, UPS received accolades from a number of organizations for our reputation, ethics and brand. One of the more widely recognized honors we received was the #1 ranking with Fortune Magazine as our industry's most admired company. This is the 27th time UPS has received this recognition in the 31 years the award has been given.  Also during the quarter, UPS My Choice, the B2C solution we introduced in October, surpassed 1 million subscribers. UPS has received a positive response from customers, as they enjoy unprecedented levels of visibility and control over their deliveries.  Before I turn it over to Kurt, I want to congratulate the almost 6,000 members of the UPS Circle of Honor: Individuals who have achieved 25 years or more of accident-free driving. In fact, this year, we recognized our first driver to surpass the 50-year milestone. That's truly amazing. This is just one example of how these drivers and the rest of the approximately 400,000 UPS's around the world contribute to our company's success.  As you can see, 2012 is off to a good start. UPS continues to be a global leader, investing for growth, developing innovative solutions and continuing to build on our corporate legacy.  With that, let me turn it over to Kurt to review the results for the quarter.
D. Scott Davis: And, Nate, I think things we're doing, like the My Choice, helps us get that delivery there the first time, has the consumer take control of it and get the delivery the first time. Kiala, the acquisition in Europe, looks at alternative delivery. Location's the same thing. We are having more deliveries, helps the density as opposed to the one package to one house. So the variety of things we're doing is helping that.
D. Scott Davis: I think, typically, Tom, you're going to see that kind of change from Q4 to Q1. There's certainly some seasonality to that.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, I think, as we said in January as far as our margin goals domestically, we feel extremely confident, frankly, a little ahead of target right now.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, I think, longer-term, I think global trade is going to stay strong. I don't think you're going to see, long term, these trade flows change that dramatically. I think some of that Asia impact clearly has been weaker consumer demand in Europe than in last year, consumer demand in the U.S. which is picking up now. So I think we're fairly optimistic. You're going to see later this year some of the Asia export numbers start picking up again. So I think this is kind of a temporary predicament we're in right now.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, Ed, as Kurt said, clearly, the big change was I think the large online retailers looking for that competitive advantage and going to the Next Day Saver product. We are focused on that base rate 2% to 3% increase, and we're holding to that.
D. Scott Davis: But what is not changing though is the growth of B2C. And that really benefits the small-package industry, and we're going to benefit from that. And that's some -- where you've seen some of the package volume grow. Now our job is to figure out the best way to serve that. And that's why we did the Kiala acquisition to help with the density on residential shipments on alternative delivery locations. That's why we did My Choice. So that trend will not change going forward.
D. Scott Davis: Again, this is not a new trend. Back in September at our investor conference, we shared with you our long-term targets for domestic operating profit growth and domestic margin growth, and we're right on target. So I feel very confident with those long-term targets.
D. Scott Davis: And that's what makes it -- that margin that much greater because when freight starts kicking in, then you can see better margins there.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, I think when we gave the guidance in January, we talked about tough comparisons for forwarding and for international package in the first half of the year. Obviously, Asia fell off in August of last year, and the comps get much easier in the second half of the year for both the international package and forwarding. So like I say -- as Kurt said, we're right on target where we thought we'd be at this point in time.
D. Scott Davis: The biggest drag on international clearly was fuel cost, it was currency and slow growth out of Asia.
D. Scott Davis: I don't think so, Chris. I mean I think there's some of that and there is -- we're seeing some manufacturing growth in the United States. But I don't think we're seeing a dramatic shift at this point in time. I think what will drive that shift is energy prices if they climb. I think that a big change in lanes, I think, would be if energy prices do climb a lot then you will see some near sourcing. But today, I don't think there's dramatic shift yet.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Certainly, the dramatic impact we've seen in our lightweight products has changed the shape of what you guys see anyway. The -- but the core underlying philosophy we have for pricing has not changed. On an account-by-account basis, our discipline and approach is the same. Individual customers are all being reviewed, and we are executing our normal yield processes. And if you look at Q4, really, the trends, if you take out fuel surcharge changes, the trends are really pretty stable. The only product, really, that sees any notable difference in changes, our Next Day product, where the substantial growth of the Saver product, which is the afternoon delivery, does come in at a lower yield, but generates substantially lower cost and so profits are good. But to answer your question directly, yes, what you really see is, as we just really initiated the SurePost at the beginning of last year, it ramped up and really began to hit its stride in Q4. So the year-over-year comps will moderate over the year. In Q4, you'll see more of the core underlying base rates that we've talked about.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, I think the thing that gives us some confidence that this is actually a positive trend for UPS is that with the deep integration we've done of these products through every component of our business, it flows through very smoothly, it utilizes existing assets and the incremental impact on the network is minimal. As we mentioned, our hours, our miles and those things are just barely up for the quarter, even though we showed some of the strongest volume growth you've seen in some time. Another great proof point of that is, I guess, if you look at the compensation and benefits, it's up 4% over year-on-year on 4% volume increase. So we are able to process this volume very efficiently, and the incremental impact on expense and capital is very minimal.
Kurt P. Kuehn: So it's an interesting time for us. We are seeing changing mix and at a rate that's more frequent and more significant than you'd normally seen. The core underlying momentum of the business remains very steady and our approach to the market is unchanged. Layering on top of that then, though is this rapid expansion of products frankly, that we haven't competed for in the past.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, Tom, it's a lot of moving parts to try to decompose incremental margin quarter-to-quarter, I guess. And clearly, we talked at some length about the Q4 and the process there. Certainly, in Q4, these trends were even more extreme. And as we mentioned during December, over half of our volume in aggregate was B2C. We feel good about the domestic margin expansion. We saw a full 70-basis point expansion. We expect margin expansion to continue with these trends.
Kurt P. Kuehn: We're more focused on overall total margin improving than the calculation of the incremental margin quarter-to-quarter. We are confident that we're going to continue to increase the margins on the domestic side and work towards our long-term target.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, we did see significant improvements in margin. Q1, historically, is a tougher year. You still have winter weather and lower aggregated volumes typically versus the year spend overall. I mean, certainly there are some headwinds in the quarter. Fuel was a bit of a headwind with the rising fuel and the like and the surcharge. We do have some increased pension expenses, although, we'll see those all year, and that's in our guidance. So we're pretty comfortable with the 70-basis point improvement. Q1 is not typical of the entire year, and we expect to see margin continuing to increase over that. On the flip side, clearly, the -- we did -- this was a pretty benign weather period for Q1, and that helped to offset some of the things that I just mentioned. So we're pretty pleased just on, domestically, we're getting back to margins that we've not seen since early '08, and we expect them to continue to grow.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Historically, yes, Q1 is a challenging quarter for us in domestic because of the weather. As is Q3, usually the most challenging quarter in the international because of European holidays. So I think if you look those are pretty typical seasonal pattern.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, clearly, it is a moving target right now. And we have seen, really, for the last 3 quarters, I guess, Asia be a bit of a challenge. It at least was more or less of a breakeven this quarter. So we did see an impact where the long-distance highest yield lanes, mainly Asia to Europe and the U.S., were relatively flat. Whereas we saw robust growth on intra-Asia and the European volumes, most of the exports, which tend to stay in the continent. I think over the medium term, we adjust all those in our combination of an air and ground network, allows us to create economic value out of both. Certainly, the capital demands of the intra-European volume are much less than dedicated high-value of assets flying 6,000, 7,000 miles. Although it does create challenges as those transitions happen. So we feel pretty good actually that we're in great shape to handle that. Whether it's regional trade patterns across North America or Europe, we can adapt and certainly be profitable. But it does have some impact on margins in the transition.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, and I guess, just to reinforce, we are not sitting on our hands just watching these patterns change and not reacting. We are continuing to make network adjustments. We've -- if you look year-over-year, we've taken our Asia capacity down about 10%. We have some additional things that have been rolled out to maintain the kind of service levels we want, but at the same time, reduce our exposure. We continue to show great growth within our European capabilities, but we're also cautious. And so we have a number of operating cost initiatives there. We have seen some increase in consumers' choice of our lower-value products. And so there is definitely some trade down, which over time, is -- it can be adjusted because things like time of day and those, we reduce our cost, but it does require aggressive cost focus to get there. And at the same time, we're looking at revenue management strategies to make sure that we are extracting the value we should and being paid for the services. So there's a number of initiatives in the international to adapt. And we do -- clearly, we're not thrilled with the Q1 performance in international. It was a challenging quarter for us and, I think, for most players. But we've got pretty good plans and that's why we're confident in our results going forward.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Ed, I think there is some indirect benefit. I mean, SurePost is just one product in the portfolio. And I think as we've mentioned since we first introduced this, it is part of an overall combined value propositions for customers. So typically, for every SurePost product, there's 5 or 6 other packages through our traditional ground service or our air products. So there is some portfolio benefit, I guess. But we did see the e-commerce momentum that is clearly pushing our results right now, ripple through both to air and ground. I think in the fourth quarter, we talked about that being a big impact on our deferred air, as a lot of the premium retailers are taking advantage of the time-definite services. We're also seeing some of that ripple into the Next Day also. And it did create surprisingly strong growth in our Next Day product. The vast majority of that, as I said, is our Next Day Saver, which has no time-of-day commitment. So it really looks and feels to us like a traditional ground product, but it relies in our air network. So it is a good product for us. It doesn't have the kind of high delivery cost that a time-committed air product does. So we're very confident that it is good volume for us and that we can handle those e-commerce shippers' needs very appropriately.
Kurt P. Kuehn: I don't think we're overly concerned on that, Jeff. I mean, clearly, Europe is a bit of a wildcard right now. So that's probably the area where there's the most movement. It's also a market that's not as mature for product differentiation. What we call our standard product, in a lot of cases, exceeds the delivery commitments of other companies' express products. So there may be some settling on it. But I don't -- we don't see this as a big risk. It's more a matter of adapting and having the appropriate capacity, both for the overnight services and then the definite [ph] services. So we don't see it as a long-term risk, I think. It's more of just a bit of a moving target. And as economies -- economic conditions get challenging, we do see customers tightening up a little bit and extending their time commitments and to save a little money on transportation.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, we are seeing some market shifts in the customer composition in the B2C space. Clearly, there has been consolidation. If you look back 5 years ago or more, there were more numerous players all vying to create market share in the B2C. And we have seen both some of the big traditional retailers become much more focused on it and some of the pure plays, like you mentioned. So, no, there is absolutely a large customer impact right now. We're seeing overall greater growth in large customers and small customers that does tend to reduce yields, but they also bring significant economies of scale, both in direct expense and in support expense because we can connect electronically to them. So that is a trend very much that's in place. Larger customers in general are outperforming. We've talked before about small business and the challenges they're facing. Nonetheless, across-the-board, on our revenue management, we are managing the customers and extracting base rate increases.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, thanks, Art, for giving us something else to talk about here. No, we feel pretty good that this capability we built of an integrated Supply Chain and Freight offering is continuing to pay some dividends. We -- margins were very strong in the quarter. Although, clearly, the growth was more muted, as some of the buy rates on the forwarding side have come down over time. And we were able to adjust and adapt and taking cost out. So we feel great on that front. The distribution group is a great asset. We are investing right now, but we've been able to maintain decent margins there, even with the headwind of deep investment in health care. And then our UPS Freight group clearly has a lot of opportunity going forward. Their results were relatively flat in this quarter, but we're making great progress on differentiating ourselves and trying to strike a balance between being a disciplined yield player and still generating good growth.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, I think, Bill, it's a portfolio management issue. I mean, we've always faced that issue as having such an integrated network. It's very easy for customers to move from 8:00 a.m. air to 10:30 to Saver to 2-day air products to ground. So it's not a new concept at all for us. And I think, if anything, we've had a lot of experience. We do -- the SurePost is one piece of a puzzle, but what it really is, is it's giving us now a relevance in a very lightweight in to the market than in a lot of cases where we weren't relevant before. So there's always cannibalization risk. But at the same time, we're continuing to differentiate our ground product. If you use SurePost, you can't take the advantages of the great UPS pickup and delivery network as much, you don't have the capabilities with My Choice to redirect deliveries. So it's a multi-tiered strategy of differentiating the UPS ground product, but at the same time, offering a different alternative for very lightweight, low-value shipment. So is there risk to it? Absolutely. Do we talk about those things? Those are critical marketing issues, and the appropriate approach is what we've done from years, is to create differences across our product line, price those appropriately and then let customers take advantage of it. So the vast majority of what we're seeing is new volume coming in that we hadn't been really targeting. Is there some transition from our basic product, which was a start on this into SurePost? Absolutely. But in aggregate, it's bringing more volume in all fronts across rather than cannibalizing.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, we -- once we got hot and heavy on the discussions with TNT, it was appropriate for us to restrict our purchases in the market. Fortunately, we had put in some accelerated share repurchases before that started. So we weren't -- we were able to at least continue to purchase that reasonable amount of shares. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are revisiting a number of alternatives for how we finance and structure the acquisition -- pending acquisition of TNT. And we do expect to reach conclusion on that in the not too distant future. We intend to maintain a very strong balance sheet. Our dividend policy will remain unchanged. But we are reviewing the purchase -- the repurchase strategy. And we do expect to be a significant buyer of stock under all scenarios. But at least at this point, we're not ready to lock in guidance as far as repurchases in the short to medium term. We'll give you guys an update on that not too far in the future.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, no, as we said, we actually are right on target for what we expected. There may be a couple of you that got a little ahead, but it's -- there's not dramatic differences, I think. We do have some headwinds with fuel moving up a little bit this quarter and the currency wasn't particularly friendly. Those things -- we expect currency, clearly, to moderate with our hedges in place. So the international gets a little bit of help there. We do expect our ability to adjust and adapt to the international, so we're going to -- we showed negative earnings declines in Q1 for international. We do not expect those going forward. We're going to see improved results. And the business momentum, we feel is strong. I mean we feel great about what's going on in the Domestic business, 13% profit improvement. We feel the momentum in the Domestic business continues unabated. So we feel good about the U.S. economy. And we also saw some stability and firming in Asia, I think, in March and into April anyway. So we feel, in general, positive and think that the guidance is appropriate.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Clearly, we got a lot of people spending a lot of time in airplanes and other activities, John. But at least in the scheme of the scope of UPS, I'd hate to characterize those things as anything but negligible. We do have expenses everyday. Clearly, the Kiala acquisition, we've got work we're doing on that to build the capability across the globe. But in the scheme of things, most of that is not material. And the bulk of the expenses, clearly, with the potential TNT acquisition will be in Q2, Q3. And as it gets to be material, we will discuss and give you guys clarity around those. So at this point, they're more of a rounding issue.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Just -- well, that's just part of our overall dynamic air fleet network. It does add some expense as we add capacity there. But once again, not enough to hugely move the needle. But that's -- I mean, some of the steps we make now will position us well and that's part of why we're giving the guidance we are going forward.
Kurt P. Kuehn: That's a great question. And that is really why the Saver distinction is so critical for residential. It is very challenging for us or anybody to work their way out to a residential suburban area and make an 8:00 a.m. commitment. Or in some cases, even a 10:30 commitment. You do what we call break trace. You go off the optimal travel path or you have to have a dedicated driver driving it out there. With the Saver agreement, we get it there next-day guaranteed, but we have the flexibility to deliver it in the afternoon. So we're able to deliver that package during the normal optimal trace that all of our great operational technology tells us we should. But there's a dramatic reduction in operating expense in return for not having that early-morning commitment. Most consumers aren't driving to get the thing first thing in the morning. If they are, then the product would not be Saver. So it's a great way to generate next-day air yields, but have a minimal impact on the pickup and delivery operation and utilize our integrated network. One other interesting anecdote, which I mentioned earlier, was we did see growth in our letter products that we are seeing a beginning of an uptick in refinancing applications in the mortgage industry. So that's another nice trend that has taken letters from being negative to positive and that this is the first quarter in some time that we've seen that.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, there -- the first quarter was almost -- you can almost split the first quarter into half as far as the airfreight market. We were very disappointed in January results. And then, February didn't fully compensate for it. So it was a challenging period. In March, as some of the big product launches came out, then there was an improvement in demand and yields did move up. So it's hard that the first quarter was really a tale of 2 different cycles any way. We've seen demand stabilize a bit. Although I don't get a sense that yields are moving up significantly in the airfreight industry right now. If anything, there may be a slight decline having forwarded.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, it's a combination of kind of us trying to find the right balance of growth in yields and also some tough comps to last year. We had a pretty strong quarter last year with substantial growth in both yields and shipments. And we are seeing some moving patterns. Some of the players in the market are getting a little more aggressive. So we're trying to find a middle ground right now as things stabilize. So we feel good that the business unit's making good progress, but we are trying to be selective and continuing to focus more on the middle market areas than an across-the-board growth strategy.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, Helane, the contract became amendable and we are having discussions. But I'd say we're early on the discussion at this point in time. Typically, in pilot negotiations, they don't get completed until 2, 3 years after the amendable date. We're hoping to get it done sooner than that. But so far, early in discussions and they are underway.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, Tom, we did see a big impact on overall weight. The ground was down a couple of percent in aggregate and our air products were down 4% to 5%. So that's a fairly large piece. The -- probably the most notable issue, and that encompasses both the mix of the B2C, which tends to be lighter, and the lightweight focus. The core underlying base rate, in most cases, is 2% to 3% customer-to-customer. So the changing mix, both of lower service, with Saver, for example, where there is a yield hit. Although, as we mentioned there's an offsetting price benefit. As I mentioned, Q4 to Q1, the trends are very similar for ground and deferred air, if you take out fuel surcharge. Next Day Air shows a bigger difference because of the substantial increases we're seeing on the Saver side and the weight being letters. So all in all, the base rates, as we factor out those things, are very steady at the 2.5% to 3%. Ground, a little better than that average. Air maybe a little below that average. But we know that on a customer-by-customer basis, as we do our customer strategies, those yield and freezes are happening. But with the significant mix change, it has masked that a bit.
Kurt P. Kuehn: All right, sure. Yes, David, we're -- I think we're making good process. I guess, what's happened since we had our call back on March 19 announced the deal is one that TNT's held their annual meeting, which I thought gone quite well, which is I think is important to get a perspective of where there shareowners are. We have had discussions with the regulators a couple of meetings so far. We're working through the process. So far, so good. Probably, the next big thing is we're going to file the offer memorandum by May 11 with the AFM, so that's a big next step. And we'll also file the form CO with the European Commission probably mid-May. So far -- it's early in the process, still. But so far, so good.
