Scott Davis: Thanks Joe. Welcome to your first call and good morning to everyone. UPS first quarter performance produced mixed results. International demonstrated strong volume growth and margin expansion and a 8% increase in export shipments. Supply chain and freight delivered results that were about as we expected, however our U.S. domestic segment fell short due to the unusually harsh weather during the first quarter. We pride ourselves on being an all-weather company, but the intensity of this year’s winter storm season produced challenging conditions. Buildings across UPS network were forced to cease operations somewhere in the U.S. on 34 days during the quarter. These weather events not only led to increased cost but also influenced UPS product and customer mix contributing to lower yields. We saw business to business shipments slow as manufacturers, distributors and retailers closed shop. On the other hand snowbound consumers took to the Internet to make their purchases. Clearly UPS results in the U.S. reflect both the loss revenue and the additional cost associated with these storms and Kurt will provide more details in just a moment. While we are yet to see the first quarter U.S. GDP numbers, it’s safe to say that growth will be slower due to weather. The good news is that spring has arrived and we expect the pace of U.S. economic growth to pick up as 2014 progresses. In Europe the economy is showing signs of recovery and faster growth. Yet as the situation in Ukraine deteriorates, that pace may slow. Economic expansion in Asia has remained steady with mid single digit growth and in Latin America expectations call for increased merchandise exports. The economic benefit of global trade is clearly visible in both established and emerging economies. Trade per modes economic expansion creates jobs, makes companies more competitive and lowers prices for consumers. Congress now needs to act to pass a trade promotion authority bill or TPA that supports economic growth in job creations in the U.S. TPA gives the administration authority to pursue trade agreements that meet objectives laid out by Congress. We strongly encourage swift passage of TPA as there are currently three important trade packs pending that provide real economic benefits and TPA will clearly increase their chances of success. The expansion of global trade is an important catalyst to the UPS growth strategy. Recently our management and board of directors conducted detailed review of UPS’ long term strategic initiatives and identified key opportunities that bring long term value to both customers and shareowners. The updates we received were encouraging. UPS is on the right path to ensure that our solutions meet the ever changing needs of the marketplace. We will continue to stay focused on providing industry specific solutions as we invest in our healthcare capabilities and develop omni-channel solutions for the retail industry. In addition we review the implementation of the operational technology projects or ORION and Hub Automation. On the international front Jim Barber will bring you up today this morning on how we’re expanding the UPS global network in both developed and emerging economies as well as what we’re doing to serve end consumers around the world. In support of our healthcare strategy UPS announced several investments during the quarter including the acquisition of Polar Speed. This addition to our global healthcare network will provide improved access to the important UK market as well as unique cold chain transportation capabilities. Also UPS opened new healthcare distribution facilities in Canada and Mexico and thus plan to expand with additional facilities in Brazil and Chile later this year, further increasing our capabilities in Latin America. Adding to these industry specific solutions, we've expanded our distribution network in North America for retail and manufacturing clients. These investments add almost 500,000 square feet to our footprint at three key distribution sites in Kentucky, California and Alberta, Canada. Now before I turn it over to Kurt, I want to give you a quick update on what we’ve been doing regarding peak season. During the last couple of months we have met with UPS’ largest customers. We are working collectively to improve forecast and accuracy, increase visibility of shipments and improve mutual planning capabilities. Our shared goal is to enhance the end consumers’ experience. In addition, David Abney and his team are on track with the system changes, facility automation and capacity enhancements we discussed last quarter. These improvements will provide better flexibility of peak and will deliver service and productivity gains throughout the year. As we continue to implement these enhancements, we’ll keep you updated on our progress. Now Kurt will take you through the details of the quarter.
Scott Davis: Yeah Scott it has been a challenging time and our operations people in the U.S. faced clearly extraordinary conditions and really storm after storm and as you heard, over half the days we had some significant network operations with facilities shut down. So it was a very tough quarter. Beneath that though we do feel that the initiatives we’ve rolled out in the core momentum of the company is continuing steadily. So if you peel away that exclusion basically our guidance remains unchanged. We’re seeing a little better volume on the light weight side and the operations now that skies have cleared have worked a little better. So Myron may be you could talk a little bit how you guys I guess survived Q1 and the momentum coming into Q2.
Scott Davis: Can I just the macro-economic environment looks decent as we move forward. I think the both the global GDP and U.S. GDP will be a little better than they were last year, not robust, but better than they were a year ago. And what excites me is I think we’re going to see all three segments producing good growth. We saw international, we saw supply chain and freight accomplish what they’re supposed to in the first quarter, that momentum is going forward. In domestic we saw (currency) [ph] improvement in to the March and we’re seeing it in April, so we feel very good about the 14% margins in domestic.
Scott Davis: Well, we do think that pricing is very stable and I’ll have Alan talk about it little bit. Clearly the significant change in our mix does mask what we think is a core base rate pricing of about 2% plus or minus. And so with the substantial mix shift, it’s made it hard to see but we feel pretty good that we’re making investments and we’ll be compensated fairly for it. So, Alan may be you could expand a little bit on pricing.
Scott Davis: And Ken I'll just add there, pretty much all options are still on the table, it’s early in the process. We said last quarter, we really want to be able to meet customer expectations, but also meet our financial objectives at peak. So, we’re still evaluating alternatives out there.
Scott Davis: I’ll take the Teamster question, I guess the contract question first and we’ll move over to probably David. The news just broke last night on this contract being ratified. We have not yet been formally notified by the teamsters. Once we get formal notifications as Kurt said, we will do a webcast of the details of the contract, so really do want to get into the flexibilities of the cost until we get the formal notification which hopefully is coming soon.
Scott Davis: Yes I guess may be one high level recap on that is that the goal for us is to make the investments to get our variable cost down extremely low and these packages drive very little capital and low operating expenses they flow through our automated system, so we’re confident that we understand the operational changes and we’re making the investments to be able to profit off of this growth for a long time.
Scott Davis: But we’re very encouraged by the progress we’re seeing so far and as Myron said in November we’ll probably give you the metrics.
Scott Davis: Okay, Scott I’ll try to piece all that together into one question I guess. No, our capital distribution policy, we guided this year of repurchasing 2.7 billion in stock you can see that we’re well along the way on that in the first quarter and the increased dividend, so the settlement of the contract is not a material impact on our capital policies. We remain very strong on free cash flow and we’ll distribute accordingly. We’ll be sharing a lot more information on the migration of the retiree healthcare liability off our balance sheet and are always looking for ways to use our low cost to capital and our quality balance sheet to minimize volatility and improve returns, so this is no different.
Scott Davis: Yes, well not all volumes are created equally and I think that Jim maybe you can expand a little bit on our focus there.
Scott Davis: What encouraging Jim in that quarter too is while we still saw the slower products grow at double-digit pace, we still saw express grow at 4% to 5% pace internationally which is a good sign to see express markets still growing.
Scott Davis: So as the opening comments alluded too, yes we are. Tonnage is up, we know that, the yield is really kind of still pressured. And when I say that, what I mean is, a few quarters ago I talked about concentration in hi-tech in military and making sure that we try to diversify through that. The team is doing good job with respect to that in some lanes the markets still are tough to actually get the buy sell jokes right. We’re very, very happy with the ocean product, with the brokerage product, with a North American air freight products. So we’re just -- we’re very focused on and have some projects in the pipeline right now that kind of get up that air freight so we continue the momentum there. So we feel like we’re hitting on three of the four cylinders with the fourth one being worked on in a pretty good way right now.
Scott Davis: Yes great couple of pieces there, but I think we did show very strong growth in the first quarter, but surprised us to positive just a little bit. There is a little bit of a benefit of the Easter timing I think in the first quarter. Easter was right at the break between Q1 and Q2 last year so there may be a little extra beef in Q1 that would put a little drag on Q2. As far as the trends on premium versus standard, I’ll let Jim talk to that little bit.
Scott Davis: They were up moderately and I think trends in April as we said once now that the weather has cleared continue very steadily, it’s why we feel pretty good on the U.S. economic outlook.
Scott Davis: Yes, there is a couple of big dimensions and I’ll let Alan talk a little bit about it. That some of them are cyclical and some of them are long-term trends, certainly the continuing growth of B2C both in the U.S. and globally is something that’s here to stay. But things like weight increasing or decreasing or near shoring versus far shoring are things that come and go a bit.
Scott Davis: And we’re not uncomfortable with these trends. We still think for the last nine months of this year will generate 14% margins in the U.S. We did that really in 2012 in the first three quarters of 2013. So with our technologies, our network we could still generate good margins on B2C.
Scott Davis: Yes, Helane we did guide this year that we would be seeing an increase in the tax rate. We retched it up in the middle of last year from the (34 or 35) [ph] that we had in January of last year first quarter and it is now at 36. So we have seen an increase and this is the last quarter at which we’ll have this big of a gap, but it clearly was an increase that just has to do with the mix of profits around the world, our forwarding unit that struggled last year and some of those things impacted our marginal rate. So certainly there is no company more eager to see U.S. tax reform and some rebalancing of rates around the globe than us and we continue to make that a priority and are working with Washington to ensure that U.S. remains competitive.
Scott Davis: In Q1 Kurt, I think we distributed 140% net income, so Jeff it will be balance. We’ll continue the strong distributions, we’ll continue to reinvest in the business.
Scott Davis: Well let me just -- this is Scott, I’ll do a quick recap. It was clearly the first quarter was a challenge, but again as we talked about the rest of 2014 looks quite promising. The economy though is still not robust, it’ll be better than what we saw last year, both here in the U.S. and globally. What I am excited about is the UPS we’re going to be hitting it on all cylinders as all three segments for business will show nice improvements in operating profit over the last nine months of this year. And frankly we’ve not seen all three segments improve at the same time since 2010. So look for good things ahead from UPS and thanks for being on the call today.
Jim Barber: Thanks Kurt. I would like to take a few minutes to update you on the key components of our international strategy and the positive momentum we are experiencing. The international segment delivered our best volume growth since the third quarter 2010 up almost 8% per day. This growth combined with our network and operating efficiencies drove our industry leading margin to 14%. As we look at the business around the world, UPS experienced high growth in many developed economies during the first quarter. For instance, in large European markets like Germany, The UK, France and Spain exports were up more than 17%. Meanwhile large Asian markets like Hong Kong and Japan saw export growth of more than 6%. We continued to align our networks to market conditions and regional trade patterns. Europe has been the foundation for UPS international investment and growth. Our customers continue to value the capabilities and solutions that we provide to support the single market economy. One of the most rewarding components of our Europe growth is to see the success of our recent acquisitions. Some examples of that success are Turkey with revenue up 18%, the UK was up 11% and Poland was 15% higher. UPS operational methods and systems facilitated the successful integrations of these key acquisitions. Our intra-Europe air and ground networks are proving attractive to customers looking to optimize their supply chains. We recently invested $200 million in the UPS Europe air network with the expansion of our Cologne Air Hub. This increased our sort capacity by 70% coupled with state of the art securities screening and improved our air and ground network performance. The value of our extensive ground network in Europe was also evident. As cross border shipments were up 15% in the first quarter. Recent investments such as our Kiala acquisition and the UPS Access Point Rollout in Europe are further strengthening our ecommerce proposition escalating our ability to serve the end consumer around the world. UPS My Choice continued to be a great success in the U.S. As part of our global retail strategy we are evaluating expansion opportunities for this end consumer solution in markets around the world. In 2012 we changed how we interact with our middle market customers across our international business. We understand our needs better and are tailoring industry specific solutions that add value for them. This initiative is paying dividends as we achieved double-digit gains in four important verticals; retail, healthcare, industrial and automotive. UPS capabilities and solutions resonate well in these verticals, giving us confidence of recent trends are sustainable. Emerging markets are the next logical step in the UPS international expansion strategy and will contribute to growth as we enhance our capabilities in these underserved markets. We are in the early stages of the UPS emerging market strategy. The realignment of the international business units is allowing us to concentrate our efforts and leadership teams in these developing economies. As we progress we will keep you updated. In closing, I am proud of the dedication and hard work of UPS' around the world that produce these results. In fact I see our most important competitive advantage as the UPS culture and how it integrates with local communities in our diversified portfolio. No matter where I go, UPS people speak the language of dedication and commitment to exceeding our customer expectations. Thanks, now I’ll turn it back to you Kurt.
Jim Barber: Yes so Brandon obviously the comments in the opening gave some framework to it. I think that we should keep in mind that international, we keep talking about momentum. This is really the fifth quarter in a row, it’s come up. I think we have to also keep in mind it’s been a year since the (TNT) [ph] situation ended, I must put that way. And the business itself has really kind of gotten back to the basics of what we’re supposed to do, you can see that. And so the leadership teams are in good place right now and I think the other comment I would tell you is, we’ve also looked at the international business and not only investing today what you’re seeing today but in some of the guidance, some of the emerging market investment, the teams are restructuring this coming forward. So we’re actually I think in a very good place internationally and all the confidence in the world to the guidance we've given you so far.
Jim Barber: Yes, a couple of things that are also going on, I think that to recognize certainly in Europe, the supply chains are moving too, they don’t remain static. So some of the big supply chains around the world the customers are trying to optimize their networks, we work with them to do that, so the zones move, the distribution patterns move, so our trans-border growth in Europe, a lot of that was to support moving distribution patterns that shorten up zone, that affects the yield of the package, but our job is to create the margins in the new networks. So we’re very comfortable with that. I also made an opening comment that I think is important which is our middle market acceleration we’ve seen in last couple of quarters and we really haven’t seen this in the past as our middle market is now outpacing some of our larger gold enterprise accounts. And then the other thing that’s going on I think of material nature is the high-tech industry and those product launches have kind of laid down. So in the middle of all that, some of internal optimization investments seem to be paying dividends and what they’ll move forward and we’ll leverage all that together.
Jim Barber: Yes, I think the underpinning as Kurt said I think margins by product will keep away from. I think it’s more about the network and its capability to react to the market, the single market that’s there today and we’ve been building that effectively from my perspective since about ‘96. And it’s in great shape and we continue invest in it and we’re very happy with the returns on capital and we’ll keep investing where that makes sense for us and for our customers.
Jim Barber: Yes I think again I think as I mentioned a minute ago, four-five quarters of growth and I would combine that with the acquisition comment I made in the opening in the UK’s and the Poland’s and the Turkey markets for example. A lot of this is from good solid growth in the domestic product now four-five quarters in a row so you start to get lapping yourself quite frankly from that perspective. Therefore the end of the year looks a little bit different than the first, but we keep talking about that in a momentum basis. So, what that kind of outlook that you see on paper is certainly, we want to focus on the export and then combining that with the domestics in the markets where we currently are will in the future have the great capabilities.
Jim Barber: Yes so I would say that certainly in the network today, part of the ongoing process and numbers we give you every year the capital is in there, but I would also say yes to the question is we have to keep investing in that network. We talked about Cologne today but our big hubs in Germany and the UK, we’re investing in Turkey hubs as we speak, so yes there is continued capital requirements, but again that’s all baked into the overall network and bringing the customers in that they choose the network. So we’re very, very comfortable with that. As far as density and line haul network question, the really different networks to be honest with you, the way we run the networks European wise versus U.S. is the different and the mix of the carriers and how we actually take those products across the single market in the UPS or Partnership or contractors is different, so you really can’t compare the two networks from my perspective, but again I think the networks in Europe are performing across the business beautifully and they’ll continue to do so.
Jim Barber: And this is Jim, I would add one comment to it parallel to the opening comments is the network in Europe as an intra-European fleet is in great shape as everybody is saying. The real -- the fun part of this right now given where we are is through the emerging markets is to adapt and connect it globally across world in a different way and the teams are working on that and as we go forward that would probably be likely where the adaptations come to the network to connect to the European network versus changing the core of it.
Jim Barber: I would say was all of what you just mentioned plus one and that is that, that our customers don’t stay static with their supply chains and they move them and they’re trying to optimize their supply chains and they’re moving from small package at times to airfreight and airfreight to ocean and ocean to a domestic on another continent. So our job is to be ready for that and be one step or right in lock step with them, so that is -- and I think the other thing that you should keep in mind is that, that’s kind of the power of the UPS offering is we don’t run a pure freight network, it’s a hybrid and we’ve got a lot of options depending on how the customers choose to come to us. So there is a lot of factors going on and we just got to make sure we’re supportive of really the needs and the request of our customers.
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks Jim and we look forward to lot of great future events in the international segment. Operator we’ll turn it back over to you then to open up the lines.
Kurt Kuehn: And that those information will be forthcoming soon. If the reports are accurate from last night we should have the information hopefully in a couple of days and share that with you. I guess the one thing I'd add Scott is, is even though obviously net income was impacted dramatically by the weather, our cash flow gain was extraordinary in the first quarter of over 1.9 billion in free cash flow. So, we’ll obviously consider that in our decisions going forward.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we have guided to profits growing 12% to 14% this year, clearly they’re off to a good start, so I think you’ll continue to see improvements and hopefully you got to sense that we do think that things are moving well. So, Jim may be you could expand a little on some of your guys' results and outlook.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, as you know, we don’t breakdown margins specifically by area of the world. But clearly the international business has been a great business for us and Europe is our flagship over half of our revenues are European based. So we want to get into more detail, but we do think Europe’s here to stay and that the business model Jim, that you’re managing is in pretty good shape.
Kurt Kuehn: That’s absolutely right. I think the European networks are built a lot like the U.S. network and we’re getting excellent returns on invested capital in that network.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes let me piece the parts of that so I can combine for you here. First off the issue of the organic is everything is organic right now. The acquisitions were several years ago, so there is no material acquisitions above all, really the only notable acquisition is in the healthcare space and that did not impact the results at all. The whole issue of managing the mix changes, it makes a big difference if it’s -- that you’re seeing trade down against the same asset. That’s been the challenge in Asia where you’ve gone from express to slower modes and if you don’t adapt, then you’re stuck with lower revenue on a fixed asset. But the whole nature of the UPS network is to allow customers to move up and down and I’ll tell you there is a huge difference in capital employed between a package moving from Asia to Europe in a 747 versus a package moving across Europe in our integrated ground network. So the capital required and the returns are substantially different and so we’re very happy to see robust growth through our integrated network. And then to Jim’s point, as we grow the domestic business, what that does is it lowers the pickup and delivery cost for all products. So that’s the benefit of the portfolio that these products reinforce themselves and we get both economy of scale as we get bigger in each country and economy of scope as we have complementary product. So as Scott said, Europe is very much following the lessons we’ve learned from the U.S. capital returns and investment and we’re happy to get standard volume there or premium.
Kurt Kuehn: Okay Teamster I’ll break ranks and answer two questions because the answer to the first one is one word, and that is yes in our guidance. Jim may be you could talk about the capital expansion for Europe and whether it’s material.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes I guess one comment on Europe that clearly we cycled through this as the one year anniversary of us bidding good bye to the attempt to purchase TNT. During the period of negotiation and work with TNT, we clearly put some projects on hold, both strategic projects and opportunities and also capital expansion until we were sure how we’d optimize new assets. So, we certainly are in a period right now of to some extent facing the next five years with an aggressive organic approach. And we are thrilled to make investments to grow our integrated ground network in Europe.
Kurt Kuehn: No the air fleet is in great shape, as we said, David in the airline finished purchasing 767s last year and David, I think at least as far as the foreseeable future, we don’t expect any major capital additions.
Kurt Kuehn: I’ll start off and then David can fill you may be on the status of it. We’ve really quoted a couple of numbers; one that we’re expanding our capital investments in general broadly to expand capacity in the U.S. and automate facilities. Those are long-term investments that stand regardless of the peak issue. The other is we are doing some things on the technology side, on the customer alignment side and on the flexible capacity side and that’s really driving that 100 million expense headwind this year, that’s more of a one-time issue. And Dave maybe you could expand a little.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, let me add a point before Alan gets in. It’s only the first quarter exaggerated though with the weather. And we hit commercial manufacturing harder than it hit obviously ecommerce, so what you saw in the first quarter was exaggerated.
Kurt Kuehn: The 30.4, I’m sorry Helane, that was distorted because of the nature of the TNT settlement, some of the payments were taxable some weren't, but the core rate for last year on the adjusted is 34.5.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, and as Scott said, we had just a huge free cash flow quarter, in Q1 capital expenditures were little low, clearly it’s hard to build buildings in the blizzards. So we’ll ramp some of that up and use some of that cash for capital improvements Jeff, but we do expect to continue strong distributions, the company has no agenda to hoard cash. At the same time we like to have a strong balance sheet. So we’re going to continue with our basic targets of distributing near 100% of net income in the form of dividends and share repurchases and keep a little powder dry for M&A and other strategic initiatives.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes I mean I would just add that the base rate increases of about 2% we’ve been experiencing for quite some time certainly masked by customer and product mix changes that were certainly exacerbated by some of the weather trends that Kurt alluded to in the opening comments. As far as peak season goes, our goal is to ensure we are properly compensated based on our customer shipping characteristics and also their seasonal patterns. And we’re certainly working with each customer and their specific contracts on an individual basis to make sure that we’re compensated fairly for this services that we’re providing.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, so just to add a little bit of color on that. We’ve met with all of our major and certainly our largest customers to increase the collaboration, very-very productive meetings that we’ve had, we’re working on improving mutual planning capabilities with obviously the ultimate goal of enhancing their end consumers' customer experience. Working on areas with these customers splits, bypasses, direct ships, late multiple, we can pick up special operating plans and then we’re obviously communication the plans that we’re working on unilaterally in the areas of forecasting, capacity planning, visibility and communication.
Alan Gershenhorn: I think certainly the -- we’re going to continue to see strong residential growth and I think you’ll see it across all of our residential products whether its air, ground or SurePost as retailers are out there offering wide variety of services to their customers to meet the varying needs. Certainly these last few quarters, we’ve seen our commercial growth turned positive on the ground which is a good sign also. And I think that while there's certainly been a significant amount of down-trading in the marketplace, we believe that the express market will come back as the economy gets better and global trade increases.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, so on the U.S. Mexico lane there, we’ve launched on the package side a standard ground service to and from Mexico which on a small base right now is experiencing very, very significant growth on a percentage basis, so we’re really excited about that. We’ve got our cross border connect product on the freight side, that’s also experiencing good growth. And I would just add to Jim’s comment that, the portfolio that we’re positioning with our customers is also I think allowing us to penetrate the airfreight market in a bigger way and I think you’re going to see some broader gains in that area for us. And the other last thing I would just say is worldwide express freight we haven’t talked about today, that’s been launched I guess a little bit over a year ago now in a big way and we’re experiencing very, very high growth in that area again on a small base right now, but very well resonating with our customers.
David Abney: Okay, as far as the changes in the system and effects that it could have by additional SurePost, really it’s the same technology that we use in the rest of our business, certainly helps us here. So SurePost redirect is about as good an example as you can have and how our technology allows us to accommodate this change. So very late in the process, we can determine if there are additional packages going to the same stop and then we can redirect that and then we will actually deliver it. It will be much cheaper than tendering it to the post office. If it’s a single package, then we would do just the opposite, let it go ahead and flow. There is other, the technology where we can scan and make those decisions in the automation that we have placed in our hubs, we also have in our preloads. So yes, we see a change in the types of packages and the flow of the packages but we certainly have the automation and we certainly have the technology to adjust to that.
David Abney: No we don’t have any plans to buy any aircraft in the next few years. We have of course been able to increase our load factor and the biggest focus is just on improving the quality of the revenue that’s in our aircraft and with the fact that our expedited volume has grown, has given us a lot of flexibilities on how do we actually put that our aircraft, do we do something else with it or do we hold it for a day to more fully utilize the aircraft. So it’s giving us lot of flexibility.
David Abney: Certainly well, our peak planning committee has been focusing all this year made solid progress. And when it comes to capacity we are taking two approaches. The permanent capacity will help us throughout the years and Kurt referred to that a little bit but the North Bay Automation retrofit project is an example of that. We’re also increasing the capacity of CACH, our Chicago Consolidated Hub and we’re also adding some trailer capability in Worldport, both from an unload and a load standpoint. But then the other thing we’re doing is temporary what we call mobile capacity, that we can move from peak to peak, from building to building. And it’s adding, we’re going to add nearly 10% car positions this year, it’s over 6,000 car positions. And in general we call mobile distribution units and these will be addressing specific temporary needs. But if those needs change next year, we'll just simply move that capability from year-to-year.
