David P. Abney: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased with our performance and happy to report another quarter of solid UPS earnings. These results demonstrate increased demand for our products and disciplined execution of our initiatives. I'll provide an update of our Q3 highlights, and then Kate will give you an update on peak season. During Q3, International segment increased operating profit by 14% or more than 7% package volume growth. Our International strategy is achieving outstanding results. This was seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit operating profit expansion. Yes. I said seven consecutive quarters of International operating profit growth. The U.S. Domestic business produced higher than anticipated package volume, driven by strong demand for our portfolio of ecommerce solutions. We continued to see increase demand for our air products, and this was quarter was no exception. Shippers are choosing UPS air products because our value is a differentiator. The Supply Chain and Freight segment is navigating prolonged weak market conditions. They're making progress in adapting their business model and focusing on capturing the right revenue opportunities. We're confident in our long-term strategies, and as a result of our performance this quarter, we remain on plan with this year's guidance. Turning now to the economy, where global growth has continued to be modest. In the U.S., consumer fundamentals remain healthy and account for most of the economic expansion while the outlook for industrial production remains weak. Overall, global GDP forecasts are slightly down. For the balance of 2016, we continue to see mixed economic signals across some industrial markets. Under these conditions, our diversified business model and our winning strategies still enable UPS to take advantage of high-growth markets such as cross-border trade and ecommerce. To facilitate growth, we're adding capacity and increasing efficiency in our globally integrated network. Trade lane and product portfolio enhancements are important components of our plans. We have significantly improved time in transit from several cities in the U.S. to Canada based on increased export opportunities. We have also dramatically improved service times for cross-border shipments between several major European cities. During the quarter, we strengthened our portfolio of urgent delivery options by expanding our Worldwide Express Plus product. We've doubled the number of countries served and are now reaching 90% of the world's GDP by the next day. We've also expanded solutions for specialized shippers by strengthening our clinical trial service used by pharmaceutical companies. We see excellent opportunities for growth in this part of the healthcare segment. Our actions are providing more delivery options, faster transit times and earlier guaranteed deliveries, helping UPS customers achieve their growth objectives. In addition, we're following a disciplined capital approach to invest in our business. In 2016, we announced 12 highly-automated facility upgrades as part of our multiyear strategy, and we plan to announce several significant new projects before the end of the year. These projects will help us to increase operating efficiency while simultaneously better serving our customers. Expectations in the ecommerce sector and specialized markets like healthcare logistics have continued to ship to faster delivery options. As a result, demand for both domestic and international air products has been strong. Since we took delivery of our last new plane in 2013, UPS air products have increased more than 15%. Clearly, over the last several years UPS has expanded market share in the Air segment, and we expect these trends to continue. In response, we're announcing the purchase of 14 Boeing 747-8 jumbo freighters along with options to buy 14 more in the future. We will take delivery of the first two at the end of 2017. This is a net add to our fleet. These new 747s will enable UPS to begin a cascade of aircraft route assignments that will add significant capacity in our busiest lanes. This will optimize global air network capacity well beyond the impact of adding these new cargo jets. All of these investments are aligned to meet expanding customer needs and produce positive financial returns. Looking now at the upcoming holiday season, we have created extensive peak season plans and built a foundation for another successful holiday for our customers and share owners. Our strategy is to follow the same framework outlined last year. It's the four Cs: collaboration, capacity, control and commitment. To conclude, I want to recognize the hard-working and dedicated UPSers around the world for the progress we've made year-to-date and to thank them in advance for their commitment to another successful peak season. And now Kate will update you on our peak plans.
David P. Abney: And this is David. Just to wrap that up, in some places or in some cases, you'd be adding aircraft because you're retiring aircraft. This is really about opportunity. This is a testament to what we have done in our International business and in our Domestic business as far as growing our Air business. Our customers are asking us for additional capacity, and that's what this initiative is about. So we're really excited about it. And thank you for the question.
David P. Abney: Alan, why don't we start with you about B2B and then maybe Kate, talk a little bit about the seasonal trends you're seeing.
David P. Abney: Yes. I'd like to just make some closing comments. And one of the words that you've heard a little bit today is commitment, and I just want to use that for the next few minutes and just talk about how we're committed to our business. Obviously, we're committed to achieving our EPS guidance that we gave just about a year ago, and we have affirmed that for the fourth quarter and feel real good about that. We're committed to delivering another successful peak season. You heard from Myron, you heard from Kate, and we've been working the last 10 months here, and through this collaboration and cooperation with our customers, we have a good peak season set up for us. We're committed through our strategic initiatives and our investments to continue to build the long-term future of UPS. This aircraft addition and the longer-term initiative, but also what we're doing internationally in Europe with the $2 billion worth of CapEx that we're spending, we're getting a lot of returns in that. And we're going to continue to focus on those growth markets. And then of course we're committed to our shareholders, our customers and our employees. So we've had a good year so far. We have good momentum going into the fourth quarter, and we look forward to having a very successful fourth quarter. Thank you very much for your time.
Kathleen M. Gutmann: Thanks David, and good morning everyone. It's my pleasure to review our 2016 peak season plans with you. The dramatic growth of online shopping and subsequent returns is expected to lift UPS package levels to a record high during this upcoming holiday period. Between Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve 2016, there are two additional operating days and we expect to complete over 700 million deliveries worldwide, about 100 million more than last year. In the overall U.S. market, the National Retail Federation expects total holiday retail sales to increase 3.6%. They're also estimating non-store retail sales growth between 7% and 10%. At UPS, our peak strategies are focused on executing the four Cs that David mentioned earlier. To begin with, we've deepened the level of collaboration with even more customers. We started earlier, and are communicating more frequently. This better aligns UPS solutions and capacity with their seasonal promotion plans and fulfillment strategies, helping customers shift demand, sell inventory earlier, and optimize their operations. Customer experience continues to gain importance in the marketplace, making collaboration a shared objective for both shippers and UPS. Whether you're in healthcare, retail or any industry, our work together is creating consumer loyalty and a preference for the UPS delivery experience. Looking at our second area of focus, capacity, UPS customers will benefit from several key automation and expansion projects. We've opened new automated facilities and updated existing hubs in the U.S. and Europe in cities such as Chicago, Los Angeles, Paris and London. In the U.S., we are supplementing our capacity with the addition of temporary facilities. These investments in technology and capacity make our integrated network more flexible and efficient. This peak, our partners at Coyote Logistics will be supporting our entire domestic operation, helping UPS solve customer needs during this high demand period. In addition, our driver dispatch will be even more effective. I'm pleased to announce that we've completed Phase 1 of the ORION implementation in the U.S. ahead of schedule. 100% of eligible U.S. drivers will be utilizing this dispatch technology during peak, up from 70% last year. The third focus area is control, both control of deliveries for UPS customers and control of the UPS network. UPS My Choice will provide greater control to 30 million global members, an increase of 10 million from last year. My Choice enables members to exert preferences with their inbound UPS shipment and take action on their packages when desired. They can choose to redirect deliveries to alternate delivery locations, including a UPS Access Point location. In fact this year, we've expanded our reach and will have over 27,000 convenient Access Point locations open around the world, with approximately 8,000 in the U.S. Looking at the UPS network, we are exercising real-time control to ensure our customers can properly respond to peak demand, and one important tool we use is the UPS control tower. This decision-making body enables us to say yes to more customer requests, leveraging the flexibility of our operations to accept volume surges when possible. It also assures that our capacity, value, cost to serve and price are appropriately aligned throughout peak season. The final area of focus for UPS is commitment. The 450,000 UPS employees, together with 95,000 temporary hires, will be working diligently to provide world-class value and service during this upcoming holiday season. Each year, the needs of peak season create special memories for all UPSers. Last year, I had a chance to visit the building I started in 27 years ago. The same energy, determination and customer focus that I was drawn to day one was clear in everyone I met. Spending time making deliveries really reinforced to me how the peak planning and collaboration with customers resonates throughout the entire organization. Thank you for your time today. And I want to assure you that the UPS team is ready to deliver another successful peak season. Now I'll turn it over to Richard.
Kathleen M. Gutmann: Yes. Thanks, Alan. This is Kate. And as Alan mentioned, strong B2B growth despite the downward pressure of industrial production. And we expect that to continue through peak season. I do want to emphasize the UPS Access Points turning commercial – or I'm sorry, residential business into commercial business. And with 25,000 locations worldwide, 8,000 of which in the U.S., we're really seeing this solution resonate with our customers and also the convenience for consumers so that they can go to their local shop and pick up their packages. So that will help to fortify that continued B2B growth. Thanks.
Kathleen M. Gutmann: Yeah, thank you. This is Kate, and we have the deep collaboration with our customers, as you can imagine, and we help them through changes in the marketplace. So specifically to B2C and getting closer to their customers, we have a full portfolio of omni-channel solutions and I will say it's not just resonating with retailers but more and more we're seeing this translate throughout other industries such as healthcare and even high-tech for sure and industrial manufacturing. But it's enabling any of their locations and turning those into direct shipping points would be the focus of a lot of the solutions, and they're not just physical. They're also information based and we find that it helps them to capture their share of the growth in the market. Thanks for the question.
Myron A. Gray: Good morning, Tom. This is Myron. When you look at it on balance, since 2008 the International export volume has grown over 40%. U.S. Domestic has had 20% growth, and our block hours are actually down over 3%. It actually speaks to our abilities to optimize our networks around the world and accommodate the tremendous growth that we've seen. So going with the larger aircraft, which is the Dash 8 really was a smart choice for us. Obviously given the ability to put a larger plane on the lanes that have greater needs allows us to reduce the number of frequencies for those routes. In addition to that, the Dash 8 will give us an ability to cascade capacity throughout our entire network. We plan to deploy these first aircraft into our International segment, and it will allow us to bring back our current 747-400s to the U.S. that will give us capacity throughout the entire system. In addition to that, it's a much smarter choice because it allows us to take the current Dash 4 pilot, who will require a very minimum amount of additional training, who can then fly the Dash 8. So we believe it was a very smart choice for us. And I'll hand it off to Alan, who can talk about growth.
Myron A. Gray: So, Chris, this order matches the needs of our networks and gives us greater flexibility moving forward. And when you think of it, this aircraft, the Dash 8, gives you 70,000 pounds more capacity than the 777. It also gives you 16% more capacity than our current aircraft type, which is the Dash 4. It allows you to have 34 containers on the main deck, as well as 14 in the lower compartments, plus space for bulk cargo. So we believe again, as I alluded to earlier, that this is the smart choice for UPS.
Myron A. Gray: So in addition to Richard's comments, you heard Kate allude to the fact that we had 100% completion of the deployment of ORION in September, and we're very happy with the results that we're seeing. And actually, we're in the early stages of deploying additional automation projects that should bring more profit to the bottom line. We've actually already begun the Phase 2 deployment of ORION. It'll impact another 1,300 drivers who were in extended centers that didn't have the package flow technology deploys in those sites. And we expect to finish that mid-year next year. In addition to that, our automation strategy is well underway, and we're happy with the result that we're seeing. We're seeing 25% improvement in productivity. As a matter fact, we've announced 12 new automated facility deployments this year as well as four here just in the third quarter. So we're well on our way to implementing that long-term strategy and are seeing the results.
Myron A. Gray: Thank you. This is Myron. I'll start with automation first. We are continuing to make good progress with our long-term initiatives to add more capacity, offer greater efficiency in our integrated network by introducing automation throughout our top tier 30 (46:21) hubs across the U.S. where we process as much as 60% through those locations. I mentioned earlier that we'd announced 12 automated facilities this year including four this quarter. We're on pace and we're making great progress. Those include retrofitting, expansion and in some cases new facilities. And again, we're getting as much as 25% production improvements in those locations. This, of course, allows us to have additional flexibilities and reduce handles in the network. When it comes to the use of drones as well as vehicles that allow us to have autonomous trucks on the road, we have experimented with drones with a number of vendors. You should've seen an announcement where we launched our first try in the Northeast earlier this year. It was very successful, as well as our use in delivering medications in Africa. So we'll continue to experiment until we get the ability to use it. As it pertains to vehicles, we're continuing to work with a number of vendors to explore what works best for us. We have what we term as a rolling laboratory. We have over 6,500 vehicles in the U.S. right now that are considered CNG, LNG, and the sort. Of course, all of this will require the approval from the National Highway and Traffic Association. So when it becomes available to us, we certainly expect to be ready.
Myron A. Gray: Yeah, Helane, this is Myron. We're actually on plan for peak season hiring to date. 37% of our peak hires since 2014 have actually become permanent hires. I'm happy to tell you that I was actually a peak hire from 1978. So we think the best value proposition is the ability to attract and retain people who are looking for long term opportunities for growth at UPS who began with us as peak hires. There are some selected locations where we will use bonuses to attract employees, but overall we don't think there'll be any issues. Thank you.
Alan Gershenhorn: Hey, Tom. Thanks for the question. As you know, Next Day Air was up 6% this past quarter and deferred was up double-digit. And our Next Day Air growth here in the U.S. has been growing mid-single digit for the last five quarters, and certainly the Second Day Air has grown double-digit this quarter, and last year this same quarter. And you already heard from Myron about the International growth. We've been investing significantly in our Express product in terms of enhancements. As you know, this past quarter we expanded our Express Plus time of day to 53 countries and over the year, we've expanded our Express time of day to 117 countries, and we've also expanded UPS Next Day Air and UPS Next Day Air Early coverage here in the United States and in addition also Worldwide Express Freight. So we're investing significantly in the product both domestically and internationally, and it's resonating with our customers.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah, thanks, David. Yeah, as we all know, our customers, and specifically our ecommerce customers, have a number of different channels that they can access in order to market and transport their goods. And there's Fulfillment by Amazon, there are marketplaces out there, and obviously direct from their website. We really support our customers in all three of those areas. And I think, like David said, our ecommerce value proposition is really second to none, and it's convincing both the bricks and clicks type of etailers in the ecommerce pure plays to give more and more of their business to UPS. So we're excited about the overall prospects of ecommerce in the marketplace, and we're making the necessary adjustments to essentially support all the various channels that our customers use to bring their goods to market.
Alan Gershenhorn: Hey, this is Alan. Just a final follow-up there on the dim weight part of that question. First, we don't comment on competitors' pricing actions. And as you know, we review our pricing on a regular basis, including the base rates and the assessorials. We are achieving our strategies of base rate increases between 2% and 3%. We're at the higher end of that. Also we announced our GRI in September. We also announced that any additional rate changes including the retail rate posting in our SurePost rates will be posted on November 18 of this year. Thanks for the question.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah. This is Alan. Thanks for the question. Yeah, so the SurePost Redirect program continues to work. As Rich just stated, when we redirect, we've already got a package going to that particular consumer. So it's very, very accretive to us to reroute that package back through the UPS network and avoid having to pay any postal fees at that particular point, and we're up around 30%. We're continuing to investigate new and better ways to improve that. And then we've also got other methodologies, like UPS Access Point that Kate mentioned, to build density, as well as our synchronized delivery solution. So it's all really about bending the cost curve and increasing the density on our B2C shipments.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah, so when you look at the ecommerce market, it could be one in five or one out of every six packages that are shipped to a consumer get returned. So the growth in that particular market tracks very closely to the growth in ecommerce on that one to five, one to six ratio. Those packages are highly profitable. First of all, many of those packages get dropped off and don't have to be picked up because the consumer finds it more convenient to drop them off at UPS stores or UPS Access Points or hand them to a UPS driver. So there's very little cost when it comes to pick-up. And then obviously, the deliveries are going back to businesses, and we could be delivering tens or hundreds of packages back to these businesses. So it's a highly profitable B2B delivery with very little pick-up cost.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. So I think, Ken, when you first look at it, you have to start with where we are year-to-date, and right now our earnings per share are up almost 7%. We expect our fourth quarter operating growth profit to be slightly higher than the overall range we gave the year, which means we expect a very solid great fourth quarter. The investments that we've made across all the segments are bringing in those returns, and we're balancing that against the mix macro environment, as we talked about in Supply Chain and Freight. At the end, when you look at what's happening and where we're going with it, it really is about an International continuing to deliver on what they've really done for seven quarters. And in the Domestic, we will see margin expansion for the year. We have, as I mentioned last quarter, some change because of work days and some year-over-year comp issues in the third quarter, but we expect the whole year that we will see a margin expansion.
Richard N. Peretz: So, again, this is Richard. And Jack, I think the first thing you have to remember here is that our capital policy remains consistent and unchanged. Our number one priority for many years has continued to be to reinvest in the business. And you see that in our ROIC (26:39), having the highest return on invested capital is not only good for the enterprise, but it's also good for the shareholders. We continue to see strong returns for all the investments we've made. Over the last few years we've talked about not only what we're doing in the hubs, but also ORION. And again this quarter we continue to see the benefits of almost a 6% volume growth and muted miles growth. And so all that comes to the bottom line. We're always evaluating ways to look at, can we accelerate some of this investment because there's such high return on these investments we are making? I talked about in my talk that we're going to actually bring everyone together in early February to really talk about where the enterprise is going, what great opportunities we have, where we'll see growth come from, and what our plans are for next year. And we think at that time you'll see that the future's very bright. We continue to have year-over-year improvements in margin, and that's our plan going forward as well.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. Ben, when you think about how we look at – how we plan out our multiple years, there's several different realistic scenarios of what could happen. For example, it was a perfect time to bring together both Boeing and UPS, because there was availability, and we continue to see such strong demand in our business that the aircraft timing came a little faster than we thought. However, we're not guiding any different for 2016. It's in the $2.8 billion we've been talking about, because a portion of it is paid this year. And the most important thing to remember here is, we're great stewards of capital. We had not bought a plane in 2013 until today. But since 1989, that was the very first time since we've been an airline that we were able to continue to create efficiencies within our network. So when you take what David had mentioned, a 15% increase in demand, it was time to look at, what is the next thing we needed to do, and at the same time, we continue to have above market growth in these products, and we'll have positive returns. But we will update you further as we bring the entire enterprise story together in the next few months.
Richard N. Peretz: Sure. When we think about the holistic network, and Myron actually mentioned that there's a cascading effect, we run a very broad network across the entire globe. And we're going to put those planes where the highest demand is. We also use a lot of belly space in different pieces of our enterprise; in Supply Chain and Freight, where we use a combination of brown tails and commercial lift. But the real important thing here is, we tend to look at all the scenarios and determine what's the best economic return. And it goes right back to the return on invested capital, when's the right time to put new assets in, how are we going to fill them, are we already filling them because of our growth rate? And when you have all of that put together, that's why in 2013 we paused, and it made sense, and we could adjust and cascade around our own network, because there was many changing dynamics within the market for over the last three years. But now it's time. And that time is because it will give a very positive return.
Richard N. Peretz: So I think, Scott, the first thing is the way we look at a quarter, we had a good quarter. We're right where we expected to be in the U.S. We did call out last quarter as well as in my talk today, this is a scale business, and there was a change in work days. And that change in work days has a big impact on the quarter just as next quarter, while we called out that we'll actually perform a little better than our range for the year is because there's an extra work day. And then that high casualty credit in 2015 that we called out at that point. And so you remove all that, we actually saw operating margin improvement year over year. And we actually expect the whole year to continue to see that. 2016 really is part of a deliberate strategy. We're seeing the benefits from the investments. We are reinvesting, so were not getting all of the benefits, but we're getting the benefits that we actually have been talking about. And we said it would be a multiyear process. But we're delivering on those targets. We expect to continue to see that steady progress year over year, and that's why I mentioned earlier that we will see margin expansion in the U.S. for all of 2016 as well. I'm going to turn it over to Myron to talk a little bit about the actual operations and what he's seen.
Richard N. Peretz: Great. So I'm actually going to start and then turn it over to Jim to talk a little about the underlying business. But we did have another great quarter, seventh quarter in a row, but the International operating margin was pushed a little higher because of the multi-year hedge strategy that we employed, we have been employed for many years. We've been talking about that all year. And one of the challenges of course is the volatility of the euro and the sterling is at historical rates and it's brought it down. So we expect 2017 to have a transition where we'll see just over $300 million impact to the growth and the profit. That being said, when you step back for a moment, we continue to see the operating margin expand, even adjusting for the hedge. We're talking about operating margins between 16% and 17%, which is industry leading for an international business. It's broad based. It's because of the revenue growth, getting the right volume in our network and managing our cost efficiently. And so when we think about the fourth quarter, we expect that they'll continue to stay at the high end of their range and I'm going to ask Jim to talk a little about specifically the business.
Richard N. Peretz: So, Brandon, I guess I would start with saying, all of it. When you think about what's happening with density, Kate talked about the Access Points and taking what was a B2C to B2R, and that's helping on density. And we are seeing an improvement on B2C density that we hadn't seen in many, many years. On top of that, we continue to invest in the automation, both at the hubs, ORION that Myron talked about, and all of that really is about improving the margin. We talked about, in our Investor Conference a few years ago and throughout each year, that we're investing, and year over year we're having to reinvest to get to the endpoint. And all of that together, along with things like SurePost Redirect, and the ability to take almost a third of the volume that's destined to be delivered by the post office and we put it in our system, because we're already going to those stops. Those are all key components of how we're going to continue to improve the margin. And really it's a long-term story that we're talking about. Earlier I actually mentioned, and perhaps I said the wrong year, that we do expect margin expansion for the entire year of 2016. And that's why we guided the way we did for the fourth quarter. Expect a little bit better performance in the fourth quarter, and we'll have three of the four quarters in 2016 with margin expansion, that all adds to margin expansion for the year.
Richard N. Peretz: So, I think the first thing everyone should understand is, the language change was really meant to ensure that we're following a new report that was published by the SEC around interpretive guidance around both the GAAP, non-GAAP and ensuring that we had equal prominence. And the way the rules work is, you have to have certain information you need to convey around the GAAP side. It really is too early, and that's why there wasn't anything in the report about what we thought the mark to market would be because there's so many things that aren't even finished yet for us to know where we would be. For example, return on assets and discount rate. And if you go back last year this time and where we are today and where we ended the year, the discount rates changed a lot. And of course last year, the market changed the other direction, unfortunately. So there are so many unknowns right now that it's really impossible to sit here and say, this is what we think it's going to be. That all beings that, what we were doing with – and what we put in the press release was if you look at the underlying core business, we're confirming that our adjusted earnings per share guidance is right in where we expected it to be, and that's because the investments that we put in the last few years are creating the returns. And that's why we're going to see the margin expansion, and that's why we've guided the way we have.
Richard N. Peretz: This is Richard. And I think the important thing to remember on all three of our business segments is we are working a five-year plan with each year getting and making progress on our ultimate goals. So the answer is it's a little too early to talk about 2017, and we actually talked about that we're going to bring everyone together in February to really give you a full picture of the enterprise strategy, where we're headed, where we have great opportunities and where growth is coming from. And I think that that will help you to see why we are so optimistic about the future. But at the same time, all three segments are part of the five-year plan. When we created the plan, we saw that the euro was already starting to fall, not quite as much, but we actually came back and talked about that. So we'll update you, but it was all part, and each segment is part of that plan overall.
