D. Davis: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Today, UPS reported another quarter of impressive results, however, it was not without some difficulty, given the uneven nature of the global economy. While fuel prices have come down some and Japan appears to be recovering, high unemployment and weak consumer confidence continue. The end of the second round of quantitative easing and the government debt issues only add to the uncertainty. 2011 has been a difficult year to forecast economic growth. For example, according to the Wall Street Journal, back in February, in the middle of the quarter, 51 leading economies expected first quarter U.S. GDP to grow 3.6%. And as you know, it ended up at only 1.9%.  The current forecast call for second half GDP growth of more than 3%. Given all the uncertainty that exists in the U.S. economy, it could end up being anywhere from 1.5% to 3.5%. Bottom line, economic growth expectations have slowed from where they were at the start of 2011. And as I said last quarter, the increasing U.S. exports is a key component in creating jobs here at home and helping our economy grow. I'm hopeful the Congress will act soon on the pending trade agreements with South Korea, Colombia and Panama. But clearly, they are not acting fast enough. I can assure you that UPS is not sitting back waiting for the economy or trade agreements to keep us growing. We are creating our own opportunities to ensure that UPS keeps moving in the right direction. For example, in June, UPS held the Sixth Annual Healthcare Forum. More than 85 senior-level healthcare executives from 60 companies attended the Washington, D.C. event to discuss key supply chain issues and opportunities. Events like these give us insight into the challenges and opportunities in the industry. We continue to invest in expansion of our healthcare capabilities. Last month, UPS made a significant announcement in this space, the global broadening of a relationship with Merck. We have been working closely, developing a deep understanding of their needs and have a strong network in place to support them. The relationship with Merck will expand to include Europe, Asia and Latin America. UPS will provide a broad range of services, including distribution, warehousing and transportation. UPS's industry-leading technology, unmatched breadth of solutions and strong global presence were some of the many factors that allowed us to win this business.  A year ago, we strengthened our presence in Asia by opening our Shenzhen facility. Since this have opened, we have significantly improved Time-In-Transit for more than 100 intra-Asia lanes, enhancing service levels for UPS customers and key business centers like Beijing, New Delhi, Mumbai and Seoul. We just announced another recent development in Asia, the expansion of the UPS Air network to serve the important Western China City of Chengdu. This new flight provides express services to Europe and the Americas from this rapidly emerging center of technology and manufacturing. Not only did UPS expand its global network, we added to our unmatched portfolio of solutions. We introduced UPS Returns Exchange, another tool in the reverse Logistics portfolio to support the needs of our customers. They're excited about how this product will improve visibility and inventory management and enhance the post-sales experience for their customers. Overall, it was a good quarter for UPS. In fact, it was our highest second quarter EPS ever. Despite slowing economic growth expectations, I'm encouraged by the progress we are making. Our strategy is sound, and hard work of UPS's around the globe is paying off.  Now let me turn it over to Kurt.
D. Davis: And clearly, Kevin, I think going to areas like Chengdu, we're going there because our customers are asking us to go there. We're going to see a tremendous growth in Western China over the next 5 years, and we think we're positioned very well to serve that market going forward.
D. Davis: Well, I think we have not narrowed our range, Scott, for the year, primarily because of the uncertainty in the economy. So I think I'm comfortable saying that we will be within the range at 1.5% economy or 3.5% economy. Clearly, where we are in the range will depend on how strong the economy turns out. As you know, we have some positives out there with the energy price decline and Japan supply chain getting back on. But obviously, with the debt ceiling hanging out there, the uncertainty that causes, big issues, I think last night's national media didn't give anybody more confidence that this will get resolved. I think we expected it to be the last minute before it get resolved and will get resolved but a lot of uncertainty. Consumer confidence is down because of it. Unemployment is still weak, so a lot of uncertainties right now, but we feel comfortable with the range we gave.
D. Davis: And I think some of the fastest growing markets is International Package market, and we've continually, over the last 10 years, grown faster than the market.
D. Davis: Yes, Ben, I'd say that the first half of the year International performed about exactly what we thought it would, probably the only surprise was maybe Asia being a little bit slower than we've expected, Europe being a little bit stronger than we've expected and Germany continues to just outperform. Germany's GDP expectations have climbed dramatically from what we saw at the start of the year, so Europe is staying strong, and overall, we're confident with the second half of the year.
D. Davis: Certainly, the economic cycle is the biggest driver. I mean, the onetime events of workers comps and summer time of that which happen in Q3 typically is not a huge issue, that's just one of the mitigating factors. But we're continuing to improve efficiency and effectiveness. Clearly, if there's no volume and growth in the industry for an extended period, it will slow the rate of profit growth. But we anticipate that we'll show increases in both margin and profit in Q4, given most scenarios that we've looked at.
D. Davis: It's a combination both of some, certainly, some expectation of firming and also the comparisons become more normal.
D. Davis: David, if you look at previous cycles, I think you do see where the LTL seems to come back a little bit quicker than Small Package. And clearly, during the recession, we saw the Small Package market dropped quite a bit, not as far as IP, but it always seems to lag coming back, so it's not unusual occurrence.
D. Davis: In fact, Ken, what will happen in 2012 will actually benefit from currency hedging because the price we paid this year is going to help our comparisons next year. So going forward, probably the next 6 quarters or so, our currency should not be a drag and probably will be a little bit of a help.
D. Davis: Ken, as you recall, our CapEx is still in 4% revenue, so our CapEx is at a historically low level at this point in time. And you saw during the recession, our ability to flex our fleet. I think we've got probably the biggest strengthening in the industry, adjusting our feet to that demand. So we're very confident we're in a good shape. We still expect there'd be some growth out there going forward though.
D. Davis: Ken, it goes back to what I opened up with on the uncertainty of economy right now. If Congress and the President resolves these debt season issues satisfactorily the next week, the mood of the country could change pretty quickly, and you can see demand picking up. Europe has made some progress in their sovereign debt issues. So the mood can change pretty quickly to resolve some of these issues in front of us. So I wouldn't say we're pessimistic about the future, there's just a lot -- we're uncertain about how much the economy will grow.
D. Davis: And I think a lot of the customer surveys that have been done over the last 12 months say that the customers are seeing a lot of value for what they're paying for. So I think right now the customers are pleased with the value proposition, as Kurt said.
D. Davis: With B2C movement we're seeing on the Air side, more goods being shipped, and B2C the difference is lighter weight products.
D. Davis: Well, I think that's fair. I think it's here to stay and we think B2C will become -- every year will become a little bigger piece of the pie. We're working very closely with some of our bigger customers and how do we solve their problems. I think we're very proud of our reverse logistics portfolio. We talked about the new Returns Exchange program we're going to introduce later this year. We continue to make it easier for our B2C players to be competitive. We have to help them be competitive. It's got to be a pleasing experience for their customers, which means they have to be able to return products if they don't work, if they don't fit. So I think -- and that's why technology is a big advantage for UPS. So we'll be the forefront of this, and it's going to be a fast-growing market moving forward.
D. Davis: Yes, I think we've been at the lower end of that. I think you're going to see the second quarter not much better than the first quarter, maybe not as good for GDP. So we've been there, done a very good job on revenue management and growing yields. So I don't see that changing in the near term.
D. Davis: We pay a lot of attention to the capacity than market place do. And if that changes, that could change our answer.
D. Davis: Yes, John, I think the Saturday delivery is probably the most imminent issue right now for customers. And there are some looking for different solutions, so that could have a more immediate impact on us. If they do go eventually down the road from 5 days to 3 days, that changes the game pretty dramatically, but that's down the road.
D. Davis: I think inventories just aren't tight. I think -- I don't think anybody is building inventories and back that same overused word of uncertainty. I think people, they are not quite sure of what's going to happen. They've been running on tight inventories. If we can get confidence up a little bit, you may see that rebuild starting. We've seen prior years where they went to the peak season with too low inventory levels and got stuck in the sales opportunities. So we'll watch, but I think the things we have to do in this country, the U.S. is starting with this -- get this debt ceiling resolved, and get some of these behind us, I think confidence will go up, and you'll see people starting to restock inventories.
D. Davis: I think the most dramatic impact on us what we saw in the last quarter and obviously next quarter is intra-Asia business, and we have a real strong intra-Asia business that certainly involves Japan. I think that got slowed down dramatically in the second quarter, and we expect that to pick up as we head into July and August, and we're seeing some pick-up there. So I think more dramatic on the intra-Asia for UPS.
D. Davis: I don't think Q3 domestically is much over than Q2 internationally. And Q2 internationally, the trends didn't change. The comps were very difficult. I think we're seeing the same thing domestically, all that to expanding margins in the fourth quarter.
D. Davis: I think, clearly, there are -- we've seen the last year and a half, the small business has not participated in the recovery like multinationals, the big business, and I think that once they feel more comfortable with policies going forward, that you'll see them invest more money and hire more people. And we have to get unemployment rates down in this country to get consumer confidence up. So I think that nothing is more important right now than policy certainty for our small business customers.
D. Davis: I think in Asia. I mean, certainly China did some of themselves by tightening up reserves. I think they're trying to control inflation. So some of that impact was obviously physically driven. I think some of the impact is driven by lack of consumer confidence both in Europe and the United States. I think that what we're seeing here is a lack of consumer confidence, not buying goods. Imports were not very strong in the U.S. in the second quarter. So I think it's a combination of tightening in Europe, tightening in Asia and lack of consumer confidence both in the U.S. and Europe.
D. Davis: Okay, we reported put it strong numbers for the second quarter. UPS like others have made difficult decisions over the last few years. To get leaner and more customer focus, and clearly, we're benefiting from those decisions. Unfortunately, as Kurt said, U.S. economy has not been recovering as quickly as most expected. Grid-locking on Asia's capital clearly is not helping this cause. We need the leadership in Washington to step up and solve the debt ceiling stalemate, approve the free trade agreements and eliminate the uncertainty that's causing many companies to put their plans on hold. As for UPS, I assure you that we're focused on providing superior service to our customers and great returns to our shareholders. Thanks for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to seeing you all in Louisville in September. Thanks so much.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, certainly, the addition of capacity does create some time period to get utilization back up to where it is. And it's just not visible utilization, it's really the revenue maximization. So especially in Asia, we've had fairly significant capacity expansions. You've heard about us continue to improve service through there. And for the first few quarters, anyway, of a new flight, typically, there's a higher portion of cargo and freight on the plane, so the revenue yield is not quite as rich. So it's a little bit of a headwind right now, but in general, we feel pretty good, and we expect International to show solid double-digit growth for the rest of the year.
Kurt Kuehn: It's primarily new capacity, as we are either upscaling aircraft, making additional stops or new aircraft, so we're doing it prudently. We want to make sure we don't get ahead of the market, but as we bring some of these new efficient large aircraft in, it does make sense to put them on the international flights.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, sure, I'll talk to that a little bit, but I think over the -- maybe talking about the market in general, first off, that in any given point in time in an economic cycle, Small Package may outperform or underperform. Typically, in a recovery phase, it may lag IP and some of those things, but if you take a look over the last 7 or 8 years or so, really watching the full length of the cycle we've been through, Small Package growth has outperformed both GDP and IP. Granted, the numbers haven't been exciting, given where the U.S. economy has ended up over that time period. So I think as you smooth out over the cycle, we still feel pretty confident that the Small Package industry will continue to be a good place to be. As we look at the overall industry, we think the overall Small Package environment has been relatively flat the last couple of quarters, if you look at all the players. It's multiplayer market and clearly, the post office continues to show some declines. So we feel that we're holding on to share right now, frankly. And that we are focusing on getting good strong yields across our entire portfolio that does require a level of discipline and patience in some cases, and we're pleased with the results we're seeing. Clearly, the yields continue to be strong, and we feel confident that trend is going to continue.
Kurt Kuehn: No, we just commented that we expect Q3 to continue to be fairly slow, frankly, unless there's a big catalyst. But we do expect to see a little stronger growth then moving into Q4.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, well, we feel pretty good overall on the pricing. We warned you last quarter that there was going to be some real headwinds for our International business. The currency, in light of the hedging we did this year versus last year, the euro plummeted last year, and we did protect ourselves back then and sold away some of the upside. So currency, overall, was about a $50 million headwind for us. And fuel also was a headwind in International although it was fairly neutral for Domestic. If you add those 2 back in, you actually get a pretty darn good result with margins approaching 18%, so I think those are 2 onetime events that did impact Q2, and I think we've been trying to warn you guys that, that was coming. Clearly, the fuel was an addition on top of that. So that was the short-term issue that really created the decline in profits even with great growth and firm yields. Looking to the second half of the year, we do expect to see a double-digit profit growth again. Overall, the macro environment internationally is moderating slightly. We did mention that Asia has cooled, although China continues strong. So there are some, I guess, bit of mitigating factors a little bit, although, clearly, with us showing 8% export growth, we're still gaining share, as Scott said, and creating good results. So we see this as a solid period for International, but the market, we think, is maybe catching its breath a little bit, and we'll see what the next leg is.
Kurt Kuehn: A lot of pieces of the puzzle there you asked me. But we are -- we're very pleased with the progress we've made in Supply Chain. It's a great example of kind of our long-term perspective of investing for a decade, refining the business model and building a global footprint. And with us aligning it into all of our other capabilities in technology, we feel very good that we've built something that will last and will create shareowner value. We do think we're approaching best-in-class margins. The Forwarding group is clicking very well. We did mention that actually distribution is investing deeply right now. As we had these major healthcare facilities around the world, that's clearly an investment. But even with that there, they're holding in there well. The Forwarding margins do cycle. In periods of weak buy rates, the forwarder does well and the airline makes a little less money. So you've seen that balance this quarter, where as some of the rates have come down, we're not making quite as much on our airline capacity, but we're doing great as a forwarder. So margins will fluctuate, but having that balance of capabilities is great. And there's still a lot of headroom on the UPS Freight side. We've remain very disciplined. We're showing both growth and very strong yields, and so I think that story is still there to be written, and we look for good things for that.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, Tom, I do think it is -- we do want to be pretty clear on what we see going on in the Domestic. We do expect in Q3 anyway for margin cost to be fairly flat to last year. A lot of that's driven by our expectation of a continued extremely sluggish U.S. environment. So that's the primary driver on that front. But also, as we look at our comps year-over-year, Q3 of 2010 was an exceptional quarter for us. We did have good strong recovery growth, and there were some -- the third quarter is usually the quarter in which we do some of our true-ups for workers comp and some of the health trends. So that was an area where we benefited last year. We don't expect to see quite as much benefit this year. So a little bit of a breather in Q3, but the operational efficiencies and the yield management and the focus on growing profits remains, and we think you'll see that back more clearly on a year-over-year basis in Q4. So a little bit of tougher comps, certainly ramping the restructuring which has been incredibly successful for us, it has added at least $0.10 a share, so some of that tailwind mitigates as we lap that. But we still think the other 2 trends are strong and will continue to show good results, especially starting on the Q4 again on a comp basis.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, it is a fluid process. And we frankly try to make that as easy as possible. We carbonized our shipping systems so customers on a daily basis can shift between LTL and package. And clearly, in the last couple quarters, the LTL industry has shown much greater growth than the package industry. So there may be some slight shifting on the increment. We have seen actually though, even though LTL held up fairly strong in the second quarter, we have seen things begin to moderate a little bit in July. So we're positive on the LTL as an industry, but clearly, there's some risk I think also to growth there.
Kurt Kuehn: We've got a very reasonable contract in place that will show modest below inflation increases in wages. So that's an ongoing process. We do have a contract, and so we're not quite as volatile as perhaps the market rates, which I know are getting squeezed right now. So we feel good that we've got a good outlook for the cost structure. Clearly, the Freight business continues to get more effective and streamlined, and we did accelerate the way the rate increase into August, which will also be beneficial on the yield side. So we feel like the formula was good. We've got a very high-quality service, superior technology and the customers that are using a blend of package and freight to match shipment characteristics are the ones that are seeing tremendous savings. So it's a win-win for us, if we can keep it in the network and help customer choose on a daily or weekly basis.
Kurt Kuehn: The $50 million is a combination of the direct currency impact and hedging losses, frankly. Back last year, when the euro was in the mid-$1.20s, we put some collars in place that protect us on the downside and cap the upside. That creates a hedging loss, Ken. That was the primary impact for us in the second quarter, and those hedging losses will mitigate dramatically in the third and fourth quarters. So that was the biggest specific impact on us.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, I think, on the Domestic side, really block hours are almost flat, so we've not been adding anything significant in the U.S. Occasionally, if a lane gets heavy, we'll upscale a plane, and we've got a very highly compatible fleet, so it's very easy to move from like a 75 to a 76. So it's always a balancing act of throwing the ball a little bit ahead of the runner. So you catch the demand when it's there but not getting ahead of yourself, and we've been pretty pleased with our ability to keep high utilization. Being a freight forwarder also helps to fill it up in the Domestic market, specifically. Clearly, the North American Airfreight, we did have a competitor decide to exit that market, so that should be good for demand and for yields, we think, in the Domestic Airfreight. So we watch all of those things very frequently, and we get a lot of insights because we sit in virtually all the markets and can watch what's happening.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, we've -- I think, so far at least looking at Asia, which is really where peak begins, we've not seen very strong indications at least on the ocean front. So if the -- I know last year, actually, we had a little bit of an early blip on ocean, and typically, August is really our ocean peak. And at least, so far, our temperature checks don't suggest a very strong peak that way. Now that may manifest itself into one Airfreight boom later if demand picks up, but we are cautious, I mean, and clearly, you hear us talk on that.
Kurt Kuehn: It is -- certainly, the spread is much narrower than it was back in 2008 when we had the 20%-plus differences between the Air and Ground surcharges. So we think this current environment is much healthier. It allows customers to maintain their normal mix of premium products and standard products, even in the rising fuel. I think if you look back early in the quarter when fuel was bumping 110 or more, we did begin to see some real discussions and some revisiting the supply chains. And so there is a threshold of that which certainly begins it begins to more materially impact the supply chains. As it began to moderate, and it's now sitting below 100 at least, it seems to settle down a little bit. So we watch that pretty carefully. Our intent is not to make this disruptive to customers. It's just really to have a way for us to minimize our volatility, and so far, it's worked pretty well.
Kurt Kuehn: You're going to have to make the trek to Louisville to hear that, I'm afraid. We'll clearly give some update on our long-term expectations. And we're such a diverse company that you really have to break it down into 7 or 8 categories with Domestic Package, the International package, Freight Forwarding, the Distribution, the LTL. And so we'll speak in detail about our long-range outlook. This really isn't the point to get into to that.
Kurt Kuehn: It's a nuanced issue. I think on the increment, certainly, there are conditions or cases where we may win a little less volume or perhaps have the discretion to part ways on some negotiations. We think, in aggregate, the market has been very realistic and realizes that the market rates have been underperforming over the previous years. So we are continuing to be very disciplined on that, and it's the discussions we have at the executive level anyway about the strategies and how we fit together. Ultimately, the way for us to assure strong yields is to keep improving of our value proposition. So the capabilities we built, the product enhancements, those are the ways we can do this in the long term. And so far, we feel pretty good on the progress we're making.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, it's a good question. I think the best overview, I guess, just to give you the footnotes version here is the Ground is up slightly. We're actually seeing slight declines in the overall air products, if you adjust everything out. Not anything dramatic, but we're seeing a little bit of a slowing on the Air Package side anyway, and a slight increase on the Ground.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, I'll kick it off, and then Scott may want to add a little more view for the longer term, but the e-commerce component of our business continues to grow pretty robustly. It's an increasing form of purchase for increasing array, and it's not just a U.S. phenomena. Frankly, we're seeing strong trends on that across the globe. So that we continue to look for ways to best serve that model. We have added or expanded our direct-to-consumer injection in the post office with our SurePost solution. We're very light weight, low value, that's working very well. Plus frankly, we're looking across the globe at ways to help our customers create really global footprints for B2C, and we think that's a long-term trend.
Kurt Kuehn: At least if you're speaking specifically of the UPS Freight segment, we're doing prudent and incremental expansions as it's needed. We'll be likely increasing our investments a little bit in the fleet, but we don't see any huge step functions. It's fairly inexpensive to put up Freight terminals compared to package terminals because of a significantly reduced high-tech equipment in it. So it's not a huge investment for us, probably the major area would just be fleet expansions.
Kurt Kuehn: I don't think it's a big issue in the short term. Most of the very deep integrated B2B business is not with the post office, and those are the ones where a long lead time would make a big difference in the supply chain. So they're focusing on finding their strengths and working on the last mile. We are collaborating with them and competing with them. Clearly, the post office have to make dramatic changes to improve their financials, but I don't see that as a big issue for day-to-day customers decisions.
Kurt Kuehn: It's actually been relatively flat. We had expected coming out of the very bad weather in the first quarter to see things pick up a little bit, and that was kind of our guidance. But as the dust settled on April, and you factored out the holidays and all of that, we think the trends have been sluggish but stable all the way through to the present anyway. So there's really not a big story there.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, absolutely. As we mentioned, we have added a number of planes, and it wasn't -- it's not just this year, we've certainly been taking a lot of 76s and the 747-400, which is the big workhorse for the long-distance flights. And so as we've added those, and there hasn't been any one specific date they've been added ratably over the course of the last year or so. We have -- but we've added significant amounts of capacity, and I guess, the one sequential story we have seen is in the last couple of months that clearly Asia has been slowing. China continues to move pretty strong, upper single digits, but Hong Kong, especially, has seen some headwinds. The comps are a little tougher, but we think still there's true sequential slowing there. And we've been effective with our Forwarding capabilities of keeping our aircraft pretty full. So if you look at the utilization reports, they're doing pretty well. But as we said, the revenue yield on those assets is lower at that rate. So as we continue to grow, and we did see 8% unit growth for package in the International, which is above any of our competitors, that revenue yield mix in our aircraft will improve. So that's the story of -- there's a little bit of a step function in this. And at least right now, we're kind of a point at which we've added a lot of capacity and we've got to maximize the yield in that over the next few quarters.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we think a little more than seasonal. And I don't want to draw too sharp a point on it, but it does look as though things may have moderated a little bit coming into July.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, I think in general, it is still. And if you look at the Q2 to Q3 trends rather than year-over-year, it depends how you frame this, you'll get a little better view. So no, we're continuing to see good results. Our unit cost is expected to continue to grow at a rate below our net yields. So we're not changing the whole story. We've got a blip here in Q3 that we talked to for the specific reasons of very sluggish growth and the tougher comps and some onetime events last year. So that's why we're confident we will show both margin expansion and profit expansion get back into Q4. So if you frame it as a quarter-over-quarter, it looks pretty smooth, the year-over-year, that's why We try to be very clear on it. So I wouldn't put too fine a point.
Kurt Kuehn: We ratcheted up the buybacks a little bit in Q3. Clearly, if the market gives us an opportunity to buy back shares at a bargain, we've got tremendous amounts of cash. I mean, you can see on our balance sheet even with the fact that from early in the year we used $1.2 billion to accelerate the pension funding. We're building back up very large reserves of cash. So that's the great story here. We've significantly increased distributions to shareowners, and we meter that a little bit based on what's going on in the market, but we do intend to continue to purchase substantially and could accelerate it if need be.
Kurt Kuehn: I think anytime a competitor pulls back capacity and access, it's an opportunity. So clearly, we will look at the gaps that are there, and we've got a wonderful footprint with the UPS Store and offering consumers and small businesses good access. So we'll look for opportunities where it makes sense. As Scott mentioned, the more dramatic their network changes, then the more opportunity. At the same time, we'll look for collaboration alternatives as the post office looks to outsource some parts of their network, maybe where they're not best-in-class, so it's a balancing of competing and cooperating.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, and I guess speaking financially from the company's perspective. Certainly, a stronger rebound in the middle market and mainstream would be very positive for us. It's a healthy environment whether there's a broad range of small and medium-sized businesses tendering volume to us. So as Scott mentioned, the largest driver of growth has been multinationals, which is great for filling up the network, but not necessarily as good for yields and margins.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, most of the -- typically the direct expedited shipments at Asia which show up in our International products. There's no real strong factor to call out on that. I mean, there's a little bit of moves both ways. We have had success in our revenue management impacts. We do see the market very stable on that area. So I wouldn't -- there's not a real strong point either way, but we do feel confident that these yield management trends would continue. So you may see blips a little bit, plus or minus, product-to-product. But in general, we do feel very confident that the strength of revenue management is holding up even with a sluggish economy and that we're going to continue to execute.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, it should. Assuming that things stay relatively flat within the range of plus or minus $5 or so, we're probably in good shape. Our guidance assumes upper 90s for fuel. So it should be less of a story. Overall, though, because fuel kind of broke in the middle of May, I guess, and then dropped for Domestic the lag was not material. Although there was a modest headwind on the International side.
