Jim Barber: Thank you, David. UPS presented many exceptional opportunities that led to remarkable experiences over the course of these 35 years. I had made enduring relationships with many global customers and have enjoyed working with many exceptional UPS people who have become lifelong friends. I've also had the great fortune to be involved with extraordinary philanthropic causes that make the world a better place. All these experiences have shaped who I am. I will be forever grateful to past and current UPS partners who guided me, worked alongside me and gave their best effort to expand and sustain this wonderful company. UPS has a great future ahead. That being said, our focus is on putting our customers first, engaging our dedicated people and creating value for our shareholders. So that brings me to peak 2019 and our plan to handle another record holiday season with great service and great operating performance. We are very confident that our plans will enable us to successfully execute peak again like last year. Our global strategy is focused in three key areas: implementation of the proven tools and best practices from last year; full utilization of our expanded network capacity and deeper collaboration with customers for joint development of daily volume expectations. We expect another record peak season barring any unforeseen weather events. Retail sales are forecast to grow more than 5% and online holiday retail sales are likely to reach a new high. Our network operations are running extremely well with industry-leading on-time performance and excellent operating efficiency gains, giving us great momentum as we move into the holiday season. We had a highly successful peak last year. It was well-planned and cleanly executed. We are building on that approach, but have even more assets to reinforce our confidence in dependable performance. Since last peak, we taken delivery of nine new aircraft with two more on the way in support of growing demand for our air services. We will have added another nearly 5 million square feet of highly automated facilities, including another 400,000 pieces per hour of automated sort capacity. About two-thirds of that sort capacity is already online and operational compared to last year when almost all of our new capacity came online in the fourth quarter. We also improved the Ground network, widening the reach of our Next Day Ground capabilities and speeding transit times in key lanes. And we expanded the use of technology providing our expert planning and operating teams with enhanced tools to improve execution and efficiency. In addition, to help support the expected increase in package volume, we are adding about a 100,000 seasonal employees and have shortened their ramp-up time with enhanced global trading. We expect the holiday shipping season to start the week of Thanksgiving, then rise sharply during cyber week and remain heavy through Christmas. We're also planning for heavy returns volume following cyber week and then again after Christmas through mid-January. Overall, during peak 2019, we expect a greater than 5% increase in daily global deliveries above last year. Plus, we estimate we will deliver more than 32 million packages per day around the world, an increase of more than 50% over our regular daily volume. What's more, due to e-commerce structural changes, air volume continues to grow at near historic levels. And we expect demand to be strong during peak as Next Day delivery increasingly becomes the new standard for B2C and B2B e-commerce. Our preparations also include deeper collaboration with our customers. Our joint forecasting process, which runs throughout peak helps us identify planned and unplanned daily Ground and Air volume. Then we align it with available network capacity for increased utilization and operating efficiency. It is a proven approach from 2018 that we know improves service to our customers and helps them take advantage of our network flexibility. In summary, we are ready to deliver another successful peak season. Our smart global logistics network enabled by our advanced technology and run by talented UPSers worldwide is in top form. And we are fully committed to providing high quality service for all customers and delivering healthy financial returns to our shareowners. Now I will turn it over to Richard to discuss our results.
Jim Barber: Hey, Tom, I’m going to start and then Brian is going to take us into 2020 a bit. Look, I think that as we talked about, this was a pivot year for UPS and we continue to pickup pace. The most recent quarter we really have about five or six levers that are coming together here to look at to bring us to what David talked about in the opening comments and in his first question and that's the leverage that we got. You got transformation, that’s a tailwind. You have procurement, that’s a tailwind. The extra capacity that we’ve talked about, the automation that we’ve talked about, you got operational execution. Our operators are executing at a very, very high level. And then the last point, I think we continue to talk about the power of the integrated network and we're able to put the Air and the Ground and the International to at the same time at these high rates that produces what you see on this piece of paper. So it's been a great quarter for us and Brian will talk about the future for a second.
Jim Barber: Scott, it's Jim. So couple of things that we are talking about. First of all, you've heard from everybody on the call about some of the changing trade dynamics. It certainly effect, if you want to call the premium versus non-premium. We see it all as a premium service offering. And I think from an export perspective and Richard talked about it, you've got a lot of lanes growing across this world. There's a couple of power lanes that are slowing down, and when that happens, we got to adjust. You also heard, we will lean into domestic, where our ground networks have great capabilities and then we backstop that with an operating leverage state of mind, when all three business units in this kind of dynamic are able to create operating leverage. And we do that, and we continue forward and grow the business with some of the factors that we're talking about here. So we are pretty proud of it. It will grow again, and we will continue. If you look at our historic rates over the last 2, 5 and 10 years, we are proud of the premium and it will continue to grow in the future, as trade dynamics allow it. So appreciate the question.
Jim Barber: So it's Jim. I would just -- I say, agree with that. I mean, obviously, you've seen the quarter now. We've got one quarter to go. You've seen what we reaffirmed today, and then ultimately it's a situation -- it is a little bit of a different year than when we started, no question about that. But the double digit is clearly still in sight, and then we move on to 2020. So it's about all the factors. And this operating leverage is real key for us to be able to make it in all three business units, and that's what we plan to produce in peak. So appreciate it.
Jim Barber: As David mentioned in his introduction, we are the first to receive the FAA Part 135. We are the first and still only fully certified drone airline in the United States. We actually begin investing in drones several years ago, since our very first residential trial flight actually in February of 2017. We are moving fast. We are quickly scaling, building on the WakeMed program we have announced yesterday, University of Utah, a similar campus. But we see greater opportunity beyond that. We've announced then three partnerships, CVS, Kaiser Permanente and AmerisourceBergen. In partnership with those companies, we are looking for new services and solutions. We are very excited about the opportunity and we see much more to come in this area as we progress. Thank you.
Jim Barber: Let me add one thing to it. I think it hasn't come up as much as I think it's important, is that we talked about the structural change in the Air network. David talked about some of the aircraft. Remember, the whole strategy is to bump and roll bigger aircraft back through the network. We've brought big aircraft back to the U.S. to help us handle this. And the real fact is that, this record Air volume we are handling in this integrated network is being put away beautifully, and that's the secret to the margins, is when they run together like they are, and the operators take care of it and Worldport does a great job, the margins come. So that's where we kind of see the whole thing coming together getting ready for peak.
Richard Peretz: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. UPS delivered solid performance in the quarter, reflecting significant progress on our initiatives. This morning I will review a summary of our third-quarter results and Brian will discuss our outlook. For the company, operating profit grew more than 20% on 5% revenue increase. Operating margin expansion was substantial, up a 150 basis points. Our results are an indication that our strategy and investments are improving the fundamentals of the business, especially in the U.S. What's more, the strategic growth and cost management actions we are taking are helping to offset the headwinds from a weakening global economic environment and slower U.S industrial production. Now let's turn and review each of the segments. We continue to see progress in the U.S with clear gains in the top and bottom line results, driven by our ability to adjust the network and anticipate changes in demand. Revenue increased nearly 10%. Both Next Day and Deferred grew by double digits and Ground revenue was up nearly 8%. Total volume across all products grew more than 9%. Next Day volume jumped nearly 24% and Deferred was not far behind up more than 17%. Our growth in Air was diverse across multiple industries. Ground volume was strong, up nearly 7% led by retail and healthcare and mix is now just over 50% residential deliveries. Reported yields were a bit softer, but were more than offset by a decrease in unit cost, which we will talk about in a moment. The declines in yield were due to a rapid adoption of faster delivery services by large e-commerce customers coupled with increased and lighter weight shipments with average weight per piece down about half a pound. Going forward, we expect yields to grow as our new SMB solutions pickup speed and have broader variety of customers and industries adopt this new standard. Most importantly for the quarter, unit cost was down 2.5% driven by productivity gains, efficiency in our new automated building and benefits from other transformation initiatives. The combination of strong revenue and enhanced cost efficiency generated substantial bottom-line results this quarter. Operating profit was up nearly 26% and operating margin expanded 130 basis points. As you see, domestic is performing well and we expect momentum to carry us into peak and the upcoming quarters. Looking at the International segment. International delivered good performance with operating profit increasing more than 20% to $693 million. We saw a lower-than-expected benefit from currency and the business felt the effects of the softness in the global economy, both of which were partly offset by gains on a property sale for approximately $40 million which was above what we’ve anticipated. To match changes in geographic demand, we frequently made changes and adjustments to the network and our localized strategy. As a result, total export volume was flat. Asia exports continue to grow to virtually all major non-U.S regions of the world and we grew exports within the European continent. We continue to see volume weakness into and out of the U.K and on the Asia to U.S lane. And we had slight domestic growth overall with a number of countries increasing, including Mexico, France, Spain and notably the U.K. On a currency neutral basis, domestic revenue per piece increased 2.3% for exports, product and lane mix weighed on reported revenue per piece. International operating margins expanded over 300 basis points this quarter. Our performance was driven by the combination of successful execution, continued structural changes in the network and our ability to target growth markets. Now let's turn to look at supply chain and freight. The segment continue to adapt in a dynamic environment with disciplined cost control by targeting SMBs and with gains in a number of the business units. Putting it altogether, operating margins expanded on lower revenue and slightly lower profit. Comparisons are difficult to last year's third quarter. As a reminder, profit grew over 33% in 2018. Ocean, air freight and truckload brokerage revenue were lower this quarter with gains coming from Marken and the logistics unit. Logistics increased revenue more than 7% and generated solid profit, led by customers in healthcare, retail and the manufacturing sectors. On the profit side, healthcare, LTL and logistics were bright spots with Marken and UPS Freight growing profits by double digits. Overall, UPS delivered good performance in the third quarter. Our investments to modernize our global network are improving our results and momentum will continue. Well, that was the last time I will cover Results. What a good quarter to end on. I’ve had an exciting and fulfilling Career here at UPS. It's surprising how quickly 38 years can go by. It's been an honor to represent the UPS team and this great company each quarter. The outlook for the company is bright. And now I'll turn it over to Brian.
Richard Peretz: No, I think -- this is Richard. Obviously, you have to -- and we actually called it out during the second quarter. There are different seasonalities in average volume per day impacts and we actually called out that during the second quarter, especially earlier in the quarter, your volume levels aren't the same as they are in the third quarter. And so we took advantage where we thought it was appropriate, getting the right return as you see in the bottom line results. But there's going to be seasonality and opportunities from a -- just a level of business, based on how each quarter operates across the entire -- the U.S., there's just more business activity, say in the fourth quarter than the first and more in the third than in the second. So the [multiple speakers] …
Richard Peretz: This is Richard. And I will start the question and then Jim will talk about the businesses. But overall, we expect the total enterprise to have operating profit growth in the double digits. At this point, each of the business units have plans in place that was set at the beginning of the year. And you saw what we've done in the last quarter, in the international and the domestic and we expect the momentum to continue. And in the supply chain, we also, as we called out during my talk, that there were some year-over-year comps that's going to continue to show good improvement in operating profit.
Richard Peretz: Yes, so this is Richard. And I think the first thing to remind you is, this year and last year we opened up, as David said, 5 million square feet in each year. So the operating penalties for this year in 2019 is about the same as they were in 2018. So the margin improvement was directly related to better efficiency gains in the new buildings as well as opening those buildings earlier, which we called out in the first quarter, that we would have so much of an opening in the second and third quarter, and Jim mentioned, almost two-thirds of it is open as of today. Last year was the end of the year. That's part of it. Part of it is the improvement in the productivity and the operation execution in the U.S. business. And, that's inherent in the numbers. Earlier, someone asked about fourth quarter costs and we said we would continue to see improvement. But you have to remember, the percentage improvement differs by seasonality. It differs by things that are happening inside the business, because we also are seeing a different kind of packages and we're growing more e-commerce and slightly less industrial because of what the macro is doing. But most importantly, it's all fall into the bottom line and we expect that to continue.
Brian Newman: Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. I'm very grateful for the opportunity and excited about the growth prospects which UPS represents. I was fortunate to have gain broad experience with one global company and now I'm humbled to join UPS. I've been very impressed by the UPS team and I'm eager to meet our investors as I hit the road over the next few weeks. Now I'll share the update on our cash position and outlook. One of the hallmarks of UPS is our ability to generate cash. Year-to-date UPS has generated $5.7 billion in cash from operations and adjusted free cash flow was $3.2 billion, which includes capital investments of about $4.5 billion. Looking at capital expenditures, our projects are generating greater benefits than anticipated, plus, we’ve made gains in deploying our capital more efficiently. Projects have been standardized and we continue to optimize procurement practices. As a result, we are lowering plan CapEx by about $500 million for 2019 and again in 2020, all while maintaining our network automation targets and other transformation goals. We are also raising our adjusted free cash flow target for 2019 to over $4 billion, predominantly driven by adjusted CapEx and working capital efficiencies. Now let's turn to shareholder returns. So far this year, UPS distributed more than $2.5 billion in dividends, which represents a 5.5% increase on a per share basis over the same period last year and we repurchased 7 million shares for $753 million. Moving to tax. Our effective tax rate for the quarter came in just under 21%. As Richard discussed on the second quarter call, there were anticipated one-time benefits in the third quarter. Accordingly, we anticipate our fourth quarter and full-year tax rate will be between 22% and 23%. Turning to guidance. 2019 is a year of significant progress across the segments. Transformation investments are becoming much more visible in our performance and we expect this momentum to carry forward. Looking at the fourth quarter across all the segments, we expect the U.S consumer to remain strong and the structural shift for faster e-commerce delivery to drive elevated demand for our services, offsetting the current slowdown in U.S industrial production. This year we added more capacity to the network. All 400,000 pieces per hour of new capacity will be ready ahead of peak. As a result of our positive growth and efficiency factors, we expect strong operating profit improvement and margins to expand on a year-over-year basis. In the International segment, we continue to make network adjustments to optimize asset utilization and efficiency. In addition, we will further grow in targeted trade lanes and within the international domestic markets. And so we expect International operating profit to continue to grow. Turning to supply chain and freight. We expect double-digit operating profit growth. Gains in logistics, healthcare and UPS freight were more than offset market headwinds in forwarding and truckload brokerage. Also of note, last year we had a drag on profit driven from the UPS freight contract ratification process. On the whole, we have confidence in all of the factors within our control and we expect to be well within our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $7.45 to $7.75. Despite weakening macro conditions throughout the year, we’ve maintained our initial guidance range. Our strategy and network investments are generating positive returns as evident in our profit margin gains. However, our guidance is based on the continuation of current conditions, should external conditions deteriorate, our outlook could be negatively affected, yet remain within the range. I'd like to close by echoing Jim's comments. We are fully prepared to deliver a successful peak season with healthy returns for our shareholders and great service for our customers. Now, I'll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Brian Newman: Yes. Thanks, Jim, and thanks Tom for the question. So Q3, as Jim mentioned, we saw a nice pop of a 130 bps, so it was a good margin expansion. We are looking for good margins in the fourth quarter. But as we look out to 2020, what we are really focused on is the relationship between the revenue per piece and the cost per piece and making sure we drive that leverage. So we will come back to you and talk more about operating margin expectations in the -- on the January call, Tom. Thanks.
Brian Newman: So thanks, Scott. Look, UPS has been a good steward of capital. And if you look at the returns from an ROIC perspective, we're roughly double the industry average. We lowered our CapEx guidance as you saw by $500 million this year and a similar amount next year. And that offer 3 points in terms of reflection. One is the reduction is due largely to efficiency gains in buildings across the network and procurement standardization. Second, the change does not affect our transformation or capacity initiatives. And then lastly, the CapEx reduction has enabled us to actually raise our adjusted free cash flow to north of $4 billion for 2019.
Brian Newman: So from -- its Brian. From a CapEx perspective, we had guided for this year and next to be 8.5% to 10% in terms of sales -- in terms of revenue -- CapEx as a percentage of rev. So within that guidance, what we -- if you take it from the midpoint, we were guiding down $500 million in 2019 and a similar amount in 2020.
David Abney: Hey, Chris. This is David. Thanks for the question. And we do believe that the costs will continue to be lower than last year. And it's our growth and cost initiatives are gaining momentum. It's a combination of our strategies, of our investments; of course, our automation. Our execution has been very good especially this past quarter. Our transformation initiatives and the structural changes that we're seeing with Next Day Air. Positive operating leverage two quarters in a row, but this quarter just very strong positive operating leverage. Our cost per unit was down 2.5%. You have to go back a long, long way to see that kind of performance. And U.S. operating profit was up nearly 26% and our operating margin expanded 130 basis points. So very successful third quarter. We have momentum. We expect it will continue and we do believe that we will continue to have lower costs than the previous year. Thanks for the question.
David Abney: This is David. We are very excited about the progress that we have made and we are going to continue to make in the U.S. I think well-deserved recognition. It was due to the transformation initiatives and due to the investments that we have made and those are going to continue. I think we've done an excellent job with our management team. We've got a blend of people, the long-term UPSers like Rich and Jim and then we also have brought in some very good people from the outside. I see that continuing. We have a strong bench and succession planning is something that that we constantly focus on. And this is a natural progression. We have many people that spend their entire years careers at UPS and we appreciate that. And then we have others that are ready to step in and so we're excited about those opportunities too. So feel good about where we are. We have the team that will handle and that will bring transformation initiatives all the way through. I’m as confident as I can be about that. Thanks David for the question.
David Abney: An important thing here is we're just getting more done with less and this is what transformation was intended to do. And we're very happy to see that take place.
David Abney: Thanks for the question. This is David. And, yes, there's couple of instances that I can talk about. First is from a weekend delivery, we've talked about it, one of our options will be using SurePost and on enhanced Saturday and also on Sunday. So we see good indications there. We also see opportunities, when you talk -- and this combines with another question that we received from the web, is the fact that the UPU and the changes that have been made there and how that of folks the Postal Service now, it affects us. And obviously, we applaud the administration for their efforts to modernize the UPUs terminal dues as a structure. What it does, is it raises the floor and it opens opportunities for American SMBs to grow, and of course that falls right into our worldwide economy expansion in our SMB initiatives. So we do have a unique relationship to Postal Service. We are a supplier. They are a supplier and we are competitors at the same time. We do believe there is ways that we can leverage their network for a lot of small delivery, at the same time, add additional capabilities to our own. Thank you.
David Abney: Okay. This is David and I will certainly talk about it. The global economy remains in growth mode, it's just at a slower pace. And risks are more acute and global industrial production has lowered and we are watching closely to see these trade developments. At the same time, though, that we see the softness, we continue to gain and execute our opportunities as is evidenced by our international results and our domestic results. It's the flexibility of our strategy in our network. A good example of that is we have one of our new large aircraft, 747-8 that was scheduled to operate from China to the U.S. We looked at changing trade flows. We moved it from China to Europe and those are the kinds of proactive steps that we will take. We also have to realize, there are some rays of sunshine that are coming across the horizon. If you compare what we're seeing about Brexit now to the last quarter, the fact that there has been some negotiations between Ireland and the U.K. in between the U.K. and the E.U., it's still to unfold, but we will see this Phase 1 negotiations between the U.S. and China. There are some rays of sunshine there too that we're looking at much more to be developed. The important thing is, regardless of those macroeconomic conditions, we have the flexibility and the agility of our network to meet our customers' needs and we are confident we will continue to do so. Thank you for the question.
David Abney: Yes. This Flight Forward and this drone strategy, this is just indicative of our transformation initiatives that we are going to charge forward with new technologies, and we are not taking a backseat to anyone. We've made that clear from the start. But the fact that we've already made 1,500 commercial flights, we're doing it on a day-in, day-out basis and you’re going to continue to hear much, much more from us. So really want to commend Scott and his team. But this is UPS embracing the future and we are very excited about it.
David Abney: Yes, I would like to talk about it. Got a lot of momentum going into peak. It is a shorter peak season, there is no doubt about it. But that didn't just happen over the last few weeks, right? I mean we've known that for years, and so, the capacity that we've added for the past couple of years, we've added 5 million square feet. We've added 400,000 packages an hour capacity over the last two years. And whether it's Jim or Juan, we can talk a little bit more about the peak network in just a second. But the fact that we have buildings in place, we have the plans to hire the people and the fact that we've got momentum, we feel really good about that.
David Abney: Yes, this is David. I would say that years ago, we made a decision to lean into e-commerce, and there is no doubt about that. And at that time that I think others were considering or had other plans. When we say lean, we are talking about across the e-commerce ecosystem. So it is small and mid-sized businesses, it's other e-tailers and retailers and that includes Amazon. But it is not specific to any one company. When it comes to dealing with large customers that have a lot of volume and that they do some in-sourcing themselves, is really how you negotiate the deal and how you structure the contract, and how you set your pricing that you can help influence the behavior that you want to drive. But the real key to e-commerce, and you can see it in our innovative solutions that we just rolled out, with the Digital Access program and the way we are expanding worldwide economy, is helping small and mid-sized companies worldwide compete with the big retailers and e-tailers. And that is the key to our success. And thus what we are driven to lean into, more than in any other areas. So, e-commerce is here to stay. We've embraced it. We've got a head start and we will continue it. So thank you for the question.
David Abney: What gets lost in the mix is many of our large B2C shippers are also B2B shippers, and so that's having a big effect there. But this trend is not just to the end consumer, I mean it is absolutely B2B at the same time. We just probably don't talk about it this much.
David Abney: I will. UPS is making significant progress, as you've heard in executing our strategies, especially in the U.S. And would like to call out, George Willis, the President of our U.S. operations, and his team as they have worked with Jim and the rest of the management committee and have really implemented these initiatives that we have asked them to do. These transformation initiatives have turned our results around improving efficiency and they are enabling these new innovative solutions that we've covered the last couple of earnings calls and they are just going to continue to be an important part of the future. We see growth opportunities regardless of the environment around us, in both in the U.S. and internationally. And in summary, we expect another successful peak season for our customers and our shareholders and we will continue to accelerate initiatives to move forward fast and just do it at an ever faster pace, and thank you for joining us today. Appreciate it.
Kate Gutmann: Thanks, Allison. UPS is positioned very well. We continue to gain the benefits from the structural change in the market and we've seen increased demand for faster e-commerce and UPS delivering positive operating leverage. Air grew double-digits with Next Day Air nearly at 24% and Deferred at 17%. And we also see Air growth in e-commerce as well as broadly in healthcare, high-tech and throughout small and medium-sized businesses as well. The structure change also means faster shorter zone Ground. And we have had strong Ground growth at nearly 7%, fueled by our solutions like our leading Next Day Extended Ground Service, which is enabled by the flexibility and power of our network which Juan will talk to you.
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. We are excited because we’ve seen it in e-commerce and across all segments in e-commerce, customers of all size. But that’s Air growth, so the speeding is definitely occurring whether it would be two to one or Ground to the Air mode. And then we’re also seeing that ground short zone. So this structure change is resonating and we’re seeing the benefit to operating leverage.
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely This is Kate. Thanks, Ben. I will separate the two a bit. SMB, we are seeing solid momentum you're -- you've heard of the innovative solutions, My Choice for Business, early traction. Every day hundreds of enrollments and just as a point 40% increase month over month, two months in and on track. So our solutions are resonating with SMB. Then separately tied to the yield question, do note that with the structure change that's occurring in the market, we are seeing a lighter weight product, as many SKUs are being added to the shorter zone and also next day type delivery, whether on -- in the air or on the ground. But as I noted before, air growth is occurring broadly and across our small and medium-sized businesses, healthcare, hi-tech and operating leverage is the answer that Jim just noted, that is the score at the end of the game, and that's what we posted.
Kate Gutmann: So thanks so much. This is Kate. I will take the question. I will start first of all, with our B2B growth overall 3.4% and that's despite some of the economic slowdown with industrial production. So we do see solid air growth in hi-tech and healthcare and some of the examples would be distribution to hospitals and in e-commerce. Also there is a returns component that is B2B. The returns don't tend to be in the air, but on the healthcare and hi-tech side, we are seeing B2B growth and our solutions continue to enable our customers to move faster and it's resonating.
Juan Perez: Thanks, Kate and thanks, Allison for the question. We continue to work very actively on building our smart logistics network. And I will tell you that the UPS network is really well positioned to accept multiple changes in the market as we continue to see them. That comes as a result of a number of investments we've made. You’ve heard Jim and David talk about some of those investments, but they all come together in the smart logistics network. Additional automation in our network, that's definitely paying off and we’ve additional plans to continue to enhance our automation moving forward. Capacity in our facilities is providing unprecedented flexibility to the UPS network. We expect that to continue to be the case. Investments in technology to improve efficiency definitely the case and we’re not stopping there, we continue to make investments in advanced technologies that are going to continue to make the network more flexible, more capable. So we're excited as to where we are today and where we’re going in the future in adding capabilities to support the business.
Juan Perez: Yes. Thanks, Chris, for that question. We definitely continue to work to work very actively on our automation and facility modernization efforts. By the end of 2019, we are definitely on track to be right below 80% of our U.S. ground eligible volume to be processed through automation, and the plans are for 2020 to get to 85%. So we continue to be on track with that. As you heard earlier, we -- this year we have 20 new retrofit automated facilities going online, and above and beyond that by the way, we're also putting on -- we're almost done with all of them now, about seven additional automated small sorts across the facility. Each and every one of those keeps adding overall processing capacity to the network. And it goes back to the question that was asked earlier, all these automation keeps adding network flexibility, to provide all these different types of services and capabilities to our customers. So we are well on track to hit our targets, and we definitely have the commitment of the organization to continue to make the right investments to get there. Thank you.
Juan Perez: Yes. And thank you, David. Another couple of points here. We continue to refine our delivery models to improve our overall capacity. This year we will be using an extended -- more impactful personal vehicle driver model across the network, that will add capacity for delivery. In addition to that, the investments we continue to make on technology, like Orion navigation, will make a significant impact in the way that we are going to manage delivery capacity this year because that type of technology just adds additional efficiencies to the way that we complete our deliveries. So to David's point, capacity in our facilities combined with capacity on the delivery side, puts us in a really good position to execute well.
