David P. Abney: This is David. Just want to add a little bit to that. And Scott Price was brought into this company to really help us to transform, and he also is coordinating our strategy, and we have made a lot of progress in this area. You will certainly hear about it at the later meeting. But what's equally impressive is the way that UPSers in general, our people have really taken to the need to continue to transform our business and, with Scott's leadership, very happy with what we've seen so far.
David P. Abney: Okay. This is David, and, yes, there is a lot of interest based on the number of questions that were submitted about this. I can tell you that we've seen no significant impact at this time. Now, are we closely monitoring the trade landscape? We absolutely are. Are we having more frequent discussions with our customers about if this continues what they may or may not need to do. So, if these trade war continued or these actions continued, there would always be some exposure or risk to our business. But that exposure is very much limited and the reason that it is, is because we really see it as our duty to utilize our flexible global network and our broad portfolio to help our customers adapt to any changing trade dynamics. And I'm going to ask Jim if there's anything he wants to expand here, but I think it's a key point that you need to remember when you think about these headlines.
David P. Abney: Yeah, until that point, just want to emphasize that we're fully aware that our people, and especially our drivers, since they're the ones that see our customers face-to-face, they are our ambassadors to our customers, and one of our goals in this contract is to reward our people. We absolutely feel that's important. We also believe that we have to have the flexibility to respond to our customers' needs and that if we take care of that, that we can not only ensure that our existing employees are enjoying those rewards but we can set the foundation for the future so that the generations of UPSers can continue to enjoy those benefits. So, we've got multiple goals that we wanted to get accomplished, and we are pleased with the progress. But this contract has got to be ratified. So let's get that ratified, and then we will go from there. But thank you for the question.
David P. Abney: Okay. This is David. First, let me emphasize, we have a unique relationship with the Postal Service. We're a customer, they're a vendor, we're competitors, and we support a healthy and viable USPS. We are concerned, have been concerned about funding for monopoly products that are supporting competitive products, and we believe that is one of the issues that the postal task force should be addressing. They're going to be addressing multiple issues. We have certainly been involved with them, and just like we have with other entities about what we believe should happen here, and we do feel like that they're actively addressing the issues. We have no idea what their conclusions are going to be. At the same time, there's a very important piece of legislation that's coming across, the STOP Act, and its original focus is about preventing opioids and other illegal substances from coming into the U.S. The STOP Act would impose the same high import standards that the companies, integrators, and other companies would be – do impose and make sure that all the foreign post follow those same guidelines as it comes into the U.S. It has been approved in the House, the same bill, a mirror image, is being addressed in the Senate, and the Administration has indicated that they would support it if it goes through the Senate. So a lot of things happening on postal reform, a lot of headlines, our focus has really been on the facts and making sure that we provide the information that we feel we need to do. So thank you for the question.
David P. Abney: And I'll take that question as well. And I think the thing that you have to remember here is that what's going to happen with transformation on the voluntary retirement, is it's a staggered departure and it's really about business continuity as well as the planning that we had started for peak season as we were developing this. So it's really over the next 10, 11 months that we'll see the future retirees leave UPS. So what happens is the full run rate really occurs, call it, post June of 2019, but we'll start seeing more people leave as we get further into the calendar, and as a result, of course, the savings will start building up. When we get to 2019 guidance, we'll give you a little bit better picture. But suffice it to say that when we look at the NPV of a project like this, we did have a $263 million charge, but the annual run rate savings is $200 million, which is very positive, and when we come together in September, we'll talk about these kinds of things in a little bit more detail.
David P. Abney: Okay. This is David. We are pleased that the advocate general's opinion that was released this morning supports our position which, of course, has been that we do not believe that the UPS TNT merger should have been blocked in the first place. Now, we understand this is a non-binding opinion by the advocate general, and we'll await the final decision of the European Court of Justice, we believe later this year. What's really important, though, is from the point of that decision, we made a commitment that we were going to continue to invest in Europe. We said we were going to invest $2 billion, and we are 70% or so of the way through that investment. It has paid off. Jim just spoke earlier about the success that we're having in Europe. And we are very dedicated to growing our business in Europe. We think it is a real strength of our network. And that part will not change based on any decision. So thank you for the question.
David P. Abney: This is David. First, it's not uncommon for large companies to make decisions to insource or outsource portions of their transportation network. So this certainly did not surprise us. It absolutely increases their supplemental growth capacity. We also believe that – and they'll have to speak for themselves, but that existing partners remain a very important part of their business model. So we closely monitor all of our customers, especially our larger customers, and any competitor announcements. We're not going to be naïve or ignore things that people or entities are doing. We really evaluate all market moves, and the impact that it'd have on our core business, and we feel very comfortable in our ability to compete in our core businesses and we just think the UPS value proposition is very difficult to match, and we will continue to be the best-in-class e-commerce vendor of choice, and so that's really our view here, and thank you for the question.
David P. Abney: As you can tell on this call, and I think on other interactions with UPS, that we are in a new phase in our investment cycle. The Atlanta hub and other projects have begun opening, adding new capacity and capabilities, and you also are starting to see some early transformation initiatives. VRP and the way that we've affected the cash flow, we look forward to sharing more details on our multi-year transformation plans on September 13. We think that will be a good session. UPS continues to see strong growth opportunities as we help our customers with value added supply chain solutions that cover the strategy. We are successfully executing our strategies that benefit our customers and our shareowners. So thank you for joining us today.
James Jay Barber: This is Jim. Let me add two points to that. First of all, because there's some other online questions that get at growth in international, and specific trade lanes and obviously we've got the U.S. to China discussions going on and many others, but the other obligation, as David talked about to growing this business, is to lean into other emerging markets that we haven't really gone deep into. And quite frankly, if you look at our growth in the second quarter, Southeast Asia happens to be one of those markets where we're growing in a very different pattern right now. So as trade patterns shift, yes, we have obligations to keep moving the network. We do that obviously through the typical pattern of bid cycles. We also have the advantage of the products, as David pointed out as well. So, we can balance our Forwarding with our small package and the bid cycles to go forward and make sure that that's just part and parcel of running a global express network. So, as David said, we'll keep a close eye on it and monitor it and keep the business growing no matter what happens to the trade patterns.
James Jay Barber: David, I'll start, anyway. This is Jim. Look, I think this isn't really the forum to be doing forward forecasting, given the contract is not ratified yet. I think what I'd rather just update you on is where we are and when the time is right, we'll walk you through all of that, obviously. But we absolutely feel like we're in a pretty good place right now, because, at this point, really, we have tentative agreements on the National Masters in freight and package and we are just a handful away of the locals and the supplements, and we really believe that kind of the timeline, which I think we all do is important is in early August, we believe the Teamsters will get the communication and begin the process to a ratification and the voting process. So after that all concludes, I think would be the more representative time to talk about the final details of the contract and how that might play into any financials going forward.
James Jay Barber: Dave, it's Jim again. Let me talk about it. I started to touch on it a second ago as well is, if you look at it, we did highlight obviously communication U.S. to Europe. To get at that, that obviously is both ways, we commented over a few calls over the last couple of years about our focus on the U.S. a few years ago in a relaunch of that trade lane because we didn't feel like we were performing outbound in the U.S. at our highest levels. The team has been put together, it has been in place three years, and we are seeing our highest growth in the U.S. in many, many years, and we know we're winning share in the U.S. That's driving the outbound leg. Coming back home, obviously, those investments we talk about in Europe, yes, they drive growth intra-Europe but they're driving it right back to the U.S. as well, so those two trade lanes I think are easily identifiable over the kind of years of investment. But as I mentioned a second ago, Southeast Asia now, our emerging market strategy is kicking in to play here. We're having some new countries grow as well, Eastern Europe and the Nordics is performing very nicely for us. So it really is moving kind of across the world right now. But that U.S. to Europe trade lane I think is powered by a number of investments in human capital and capabilities the last couple of years.
James Jay Barber: Let me add one point, it's Jim, to what Kate said, which is service. Is that, it's not lost on us at UPS that we're constructively dissatisfied with our service levels the last couple of peaks. And so all the things that we're investing in also have to culminate in better service for our customers, and we plan to deliver that as well.
James Jay Barber: Jack, it's Jim. And then Kate is going to add on with me here. Obviously, you kind of talked about top line and bottom line. Rich mentioned in his opening the supply chain two years, the bottom line has grown by 43%. A couple of business units I think worth kind of going through real quick. Our Forwarding business, quite frankly, last quarter, the revenue was up 23%, that's three quarters in a row of double-digit and really it's about the dynamic changes we're making over the years really focused on customer experience, winning in the middle market, Kate will talk about that as well, and continuing Forwarding revenue management initiatives. We don't talk much about Coyote, the acquisition we made about three years ago. It's performing very nicely quite frankly. They continue to really lean into truckload brokerage with great service. Last quarter their revenue grew right at 40%. So that's a pretty impressive number obviously in a business like that. And they continue to expand geographically heavy into the south border between the U.S. and Mexico when we expanded the business into Europe. And then finally, logistics before I hand it over to Kate, really great quarter, almost 10% revenue growth, profit growing at 25%, many industries, healthcare obviously leading the way for us, post sales doing well, and, quite frankly, in that business, we have a pipeline and logistics now we haven't seen in many years to keep it going forward. So that's kind of some dots on the map before I hand it to Kate.
James Jay Barber: Well, I guess maybe Kate and I will talk about it together, again. It's Jim. Look, I think obviously we've talked a lot over the years about Europe and the investment there, and you know, how you define premium is interesting in a discussion like this. We consider our trans-border standard product in Europe a premium product because of some of the capabilities we've added but we're talking about double-digit export growth for many, many quarters, in lots of segments and sectors, and lots of geographies. So the demand is there. That's obviously what tied us into the airplane acquisitions and those agreements, we really hadn't any capacity since 2013 and since that time our volume has grown by 30% if you call it in the premium and Export segments. So the demand is there, the world wants it, customers want it, and we continue to support that with our infrastructure and service. Kate probably wants to add a few things as well.
James Jay Barber: So this is Jim, again. I'll start and if David wants to obviously add or anybody else, the answer to this question, quite frankly, comes from being back in the U.S. after 15 years of International in my career and having completed really the first quarter with the team. So framing it within that perspective, I would say there is a lot of similarities. Now, the business models, quite frankly, are different, but the timing of where we are and the way that at least I certainly and the team are looking at this is that we had similar issues in Europe in 2013 and 2014 when we needed to add capacity and add capabilities and speed and we did that in Europe, that's when we announced the $2 billion investment. You've seen that play out. We're 70% of the way through and you've seen what that has done in that piece of the business. So here, in the U.S., obviously, it is just bigger. I just want to make sure Juan has given a few comments, I want to size one of them specifically, and that is if you look at 2017 for us and what we added with the CapEx, we added about 53,000 pieces an hour of sort capacity and about 700 car positions, and I'll stay out of the automated small sorts. This year, we're adding 7 times that capacity this year, so 350,000, that's what's in Rich's guidance numbers going forward to continued investment. Takes a little bit of time to catch that going forward, but the efficiency is there, 30% to 40% more efficient than these buildings, so going forward, that's kind of the way we look at this, and a lot of what we learned in International, the things that we are able to bring back and it's both operational and Kate talks about revenue management and pricing and all of that is matching all that together to really drive the margins. And my first quarter coming back, I can, quite frankly, tell you, I'm very confident we can do that. We know where we are on the journey. We know where this quarter is and where it's going to come, and we're pretty confident you'll be able to see this all come together in the near-term, so.
James Jay Barber: Let me add one thing. This is Jim. I think that another way to think about it, obviously, within an integrated network like UPS, is it's not one unique discrete piece of technology, it's the connection of all of them together, and when Juan talks about, and we'll talk next year as we get together and go forward to the next guidance of projects like EDGE and NPT and the next phase of ORION and how that connects to all of the pieces of technology, I think that's where the synergies come together in our network that might be different than someone else's network with similar technology.
James Jay Barber: So I'll start and then obviously some others may chime in. The aircraft and how we run peak season is just the normal part of peak season planning. I do want to go back to, and we should have the capacity, obviously, to meet the demand, Kate and her team do a great job of connecting with the customer so that we can really forecast that which is becoming, in this world today, it's a very different world than we grew up. So forecasting the demand, getting it right, where it's going to come from is a very important part of the process. I mentioned a little while ago that we hadn't added aircraft in some time, even though our Express and International businesses have grown. The nice part of where we are right now is we've got six 747-8s in the network now. And remember that a part of that plan all along has been the cascading of aircraft back into the U.S. Typically, that tends to be MD-11s. At times, it can be 767s. By the end of this year we'll have nine of the -8s in play and we're going to have three new 767s in play as well. So the timing of that, with the least aircraft at peak and the cascading we feel like supports obviously this peak season. But remember, this is a multiyear. We're going to do this for the next years to come, continuing to take 6-8's every year and a number of 767s to keep the capacity aligned with the demand.
Kathleen M. Gutmann: Thanks, Tom. This is Kate. I'll take that question. And I'll start with the volume side of it. We continue to see solid volume growth. If you look at the two-year stack for both the first quarter and second quarter, it's over 7%. Do note that Easter moved between the quarters which I think is the impact you're referring to, but we continue to see that solid volume growth and across all sectors, healthcare, industrial, as well as consumer goods. Tied to the pricing actions, we also saw strong pricing this quarter with U.S. base rates up 3.3% without fuel. And in the quarter, to your point, we implemented more pricing actions, really focused on oversized and large residential packages which drive higher cost to serve. And just as an example, LPS, the two-year stack on pricing action, has been 18.5% because of that cost to serve and we, in July, added a length dimension, so a length over 96 inches as well as Residential Delivery charge as well. Just as two examples. So, we are seeing those as specific targeted rate actions. We do not see an impact on volume, and we continue to see solid results in both areas. Thanks.
Kathleen M. Gutmann: Thanks, and Ken, tied to the pricing just to expound a bit on the mid-quarter changes that we did, those did kick-in immediately, and as for instance, Over Max which are the packages outside of our weight and size limits, we changed the publish rates for each day throughout the year so not just peak to $650 published. And then on top of that, a peak season surcharge would kick-in. Again, these larger packages drive higher cost to serve and we need to ensure that the alignment with the value we have to our customers makes sense. But also we had other actions as I mentioned on the large packages, we did address correction so all of those are the mid-quarter. And then to your question about the peak season surcharge, as you know, UPS was the market leader in implementing that. It is similar to last year, though with an increase at the residential products are the ones on certain days and weeks that will have the peak season surcharge and then larger packages throughout the whole period. And we did notify our customers of the peak surcharges in January so that they could better prepare this year. So we see a balanced approach, both throughout peak as well as non-peak period. Thanks much.
Kathleen M. Gutmann: Absolutely. So with the collaboration with our customers, that continues and has been a key component, especially during peak season which is a market constrained period on certain days, and we continue to work with our customers on joint strategies to smooth demand. And when I say that, I mean moving volume into lower lighter days, and many of them are identifying self-gifting that goes on that they're able to modify transit times with. So it benefits all, leads to higher service, and also less overtime for their DCs so they can staff more consistently. So these long-term relationships we have with our customers really lends to that collaboration.
Kathleen M. Gutmann: Thanks, and Jack I'll just expound on the Forwarding middle market reach and success we've been having. We, through our sales force and solutions group, have been able to really penetrate into the middle market supply chain, so not just their U.S. small package strictly, but also where they're sourcing their product and movement throughout the whole supply chain. So I think as cross border trade has developed as well as more off-shoring for product sourcing, we're finding a greater need in that small and medium sized business which, again, ties very well to the way we approach the market. And then the revenue management, we've streamlined our processes so it adapts to the market more quickly, and we've seen a lift from that as well. Thanks for the question.
Kathleen M. Gutmann: Yeah. Just to add we've nearly doubled the export average daily value – volume rather over the last 10 years. And as Jim mentioned, we're seeing a correlation with the faster time-in-transit, you have seen the impact of Europe now being UPS the fastest on the ground and in the air. We're also the earliest to deliver throughout the world with our Express products and very much seeing lift with Dubai and our fastest time-in-transit there as well, so going into more and more of these emerging markets. So that is absolutely a driver tied to that. And then I'll reinforce cross-border trade is expected to have 5 times the GDP growth in the future and so the opportunity in front of us is as exciting. Thanks.
Richard N. Peretz: And this is Richard. Good morning, Ravi. I think the important thing to remember is throughout time, UPS's free cash flow had seasonality to it. And what I mean by that is obviously in peak season, we have more spending and then we collect those revenues in the first quarter of each year. So, we always naturally have a seasonality that doesn't allow for free cash flow to be as linear as our CapEx spending or the rest of our expense spending goes. But that being said, when you look at the free cash flow and the improvement in working capital, it's really driven by specific activities around transformation and what's happening in both procurement and payables. And it really goes to the strength of UPS in terms of generating a lot of free cash flow. That all being said, we continue to work through these initiatives, think there's more to come, and so we're real comfortable, given all the facts, that moving up from the $4.5 billion to $5 billion, all the way to $5 billion, is that the success of our working capital improvements are showing up on the bottom line. Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz: Yeah, so I'll start and I think Kate will then pick up on the second part of the question. But I think when you look at the U.S. margin and, underlying margin is being muted by both the change in the pension and the discount rate, and then the operating cost penalty, that's really about what's going to happen in the future. When you think about new buildings and we've been talking about almost 400,000 pieces an hour expansion going into the second half of the year in our network, it is about a 15- to 20-week process to get a building all the way up to a full run rate. And so you've got these start-up costs, you've got training, you've got management costs and so that plays into the results. We know going into next year that it really is about improving yield. It's about these new buildings and running at full capacity, once the initial start-up period is over. And it's also about layering in some of the transformation initiatives. They all will drive better margin improvement. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kate to talk a little bit about the specific pricing.
Richard N. Peretz: This is Richard, and I think the first thing is everything you said is about right. We're going to cover in the conference in September a little broader picture of what it is that we're going to accomplish, similar to what Scott had talked about, in answering a previous question, but also what that means over the multiple years kind of where we think this is headed financially as well and what it means to each of you and to our investors. So I would say stay tuned, the September's conference is really strictly about transformation and the journey we're on and what it is going to mean long-term.
Richard N. Peretz: Yeah, Matt, this is Richard. And absolutely we're looking at this working capital improvement as we're on a journey, there are certain commodities and contracts that you can do in a very efficient, very fast paced. There are other geographies and other contracts that is part of a negotiation process. So we see this as something that really is going to be the foundation of improvements for net working capital in the company, just as we always managed our DSO on the receivable side, it's really putting a lot of discipline and a lot of consistency around the world using the same methodology, and it all started when we, with this transformation initiative, and I think it's something that will pay dividends not only this year but going forward as well.
Richard N. Peretz: Yeah, and I think the other important point is that when we look at the investments we're making against the return on invested capital, we're maintaining the industry leading invested capital returns of between 23% and 28%, and that's all layered in with the capital guide that we've given you really for the next few years and it's about what technology is doing to the operations and how that helps to improve the operating margin that we see going long-term.
Richard N. Peretz: Yeah, and I think it's important to remember that earlier this year we did make some – I'm sorry, earlier last year, we made some changes to take into account the volatility of fuel into pricing and actually what you see in the last two or three weeks is fuel price has actually come down again and you see it almost right away in our pricing with our customers. But, the fuel surcharge is designed to protect against price changes. It impacts our LTL business, it impacts our small package, both ground and air. And there has been volatility in price and really we're making those adjustments in real-time and so it helps both our customers and it helps UPS to make sure that our actions are aligned and we're changing the – as we're purchasing in real-time, the effect it has on both the cost side and the revenue side.
